--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 16 June 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CREDIT AGRICOLE PUBLIC SECTOR SCF 
(duly licensed French credit institution) 
€10,000,000,000 
EURO MEDIUM TERM NOTE PROGRAMME 
FOR THE ISSUE OF OBLIGATIONS FONCIÈRES 
Under this Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme), Crédit Agricole Public Sector SCF (the Issuer), may from time to time, issue French law obligations 
foncières (the Notes) that will benefit from the statutory privilège provided by article L.513-11 of the French Code monétaire et financier, as more fully described herein 
denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). This Base Prospectus only describes the Notes issued hereunder. In its 
capacity as société de crédit foncier, the Issuer is governed by Articles L. 513-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier, as they have been amended by the relevant 
provisions of the decree-law (ordonnance) no. 2021-858 dated 30 June 2021 which implements under French law Directive (EU) no. 2019/2162 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council dated 27 November 2019 on the issue of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision amending Directives 2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU (the 
Covered Bonds Directive). 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies at the date of issue of any Notes) calculated as described in the Programme Agreement (described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers (as defined below) specified under "Overview of the Programme" and any additional Dealer 
appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer, which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus 
to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Autorité des marchés financiers (the AMF) in its capacity as competent authority in France under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(the Prospectus Regulation). The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval shall not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors 
should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such Notes. This Base Prospectus and any supplement to this Base Prospectus will be published on the 
websites of (i) the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and (ii) the Issuer (https://www.credit-agricole.com/finance/dette-et-notations/emissions-marche/ca-public-sector-scf-
covered-bonds). 
This Base prospectus supersedes the base prospectus dated 4 September 2020 (as supplemented from time time to time) and shall be in force for a period of one year as of 
the date of its approval by the AMF. Consequently this Base Prospectus (as supplemented from time to time) will expire on 28 October 2022 and the obligation to supplement 
this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material inaccuracies will no longer apply from such date.  
Application may be made (i) to Euronext Paris for the Notes issued under the Programme during a period of 12 months after the date of approval, by the AMF, of this Base 
Prospectus to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or (ii) to the competent authority of any other member state of the European Economic Area (the “EEA” 
and any state member of the EEA, an EEA Member State) (each a Relevant State) for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market 
(as defined below) in such EEA Member State. Euronext Paris is a regulated market for the purposes of the Directive 2014/65/EC of the European Parliament and of the 
Council on markets in financial instruments, as amended (a Regulated Market). The relevant Final Terms in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not 
such Notes will be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris (or any other stock exchange). In the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market 
or offered to the public within the territory of any Relevant State, in each case in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, 
the minimum denomination of each Note will be such as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body, however called) or 
any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. 
The Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (Dematerialised Notes) or in materialised form (Materialised Notes) as more fully described herein. 
Dematerialised Notes will, at all times, be in book-entry form in compliance with articles L.211-3 and R.211-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier. No physical 
documents of title will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be (i) in bearer form (au porteur) inscribed as from the issue date in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central 
depositary) which shall credit the accounts of the relevant Account Holders (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Form, Denomination, Title and 
Redenomination") including Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, société anonyme (Clearstream) or (ii) in registered form 
(au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Form, Denomination, Title and 
Redenomination"), in either fully registered dematerialised form (au nominatif pur), in which case the relevant Dematerialised Notes will be inscribed in an account 
maintained by the Issuer or by a registration agent (appointed in the relevant Final Terms) for the Issuer, or in administered registered dematerialised form (au nominatif 
administré) in which case the relevant Dematerialised Notes will be inscribed in the accounts of the Account Holders designated by the relevant Noteholder. 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form only and may only be issued outside France. A temporary global certificate in bearer form without interest coupons 
attached (a Temporary Global Certificate) will initially be issued in relation to French law Materialised Notes. Such Temporary Global Certificate will subsequently be 
exchanged for definitive Materialised Notes with, where applicable, coupons for interest or talons attached (the Definitive Materialised Notes), on or after a date expected 
to be on or about the 40th day after the issue date of the relevant Notes (subject to postponement as described in "Temporary Global Certificate in respect of Materialised 
Notes") upon certification as to non-US beneficial ownership as more fully described herein. Temporary Global Certificates will (a) in the case of a Tranche of Notes intended 
to be cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, be deposited on the issue date with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream and (b) in the case of a Tranche 
of Notes intended to be cleared through a clearing system other than or in addition to Euroclear and/or Clearstream or delivered outside a clearing system, be deposited as 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below). 
Notes to be issued under the Programme are intended to be eligible to the "European Covered Bond (Premium)" label (label "obligation garantie européenne de qualité 
supérieure"). However, no representation is made or assurance given that any Notes will remain eligible to the "European Covered Bond (Premium)" label until their Maturity 
Date. Whether the Notes benefit or do not benefit from the "European Covered Bond (Premium)" label will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which are not admitted to trading on any Regulated Market. The relevant final terms (the Final Terms) in respect 
of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be listed and admitted to trading on any market and, if so, the relevant market. The Notes issued under 
the Programme are expected to be rated AAA by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P) and Aaa by Moody's France S.A.S. (Moody's and, together with S&P, the 
Rating Agencies and each a Rating Agency). Each of S&P and Moody's is established in the European Union and is registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 (as 
amended) (the CRA Regulation), each of the Rating Agencies are included in the list of registered credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on its website (www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. The credit rating of the Notes will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning Rating Agency without prior notice. The credit ratings address the likelihood of full and timely receipt by any of the relevant Noteholders of interest 
on the Notes and the likelihood of receipt by any relevant Noteholder of principal of the Notes by the relevant Maturity Date. 
See "Risk Factors" below for certain information relevant to an investment in the Notes to be issued under the Programme. 
Arrangers 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Crédit Agricole S.A. 
Dealer 
Crédit Agricole CIB

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
This Base Prospectus (together with all supplements thereto from time to time (each a Supplement and together 
the Supplements), constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and 
contains all relevant information concerning the Issuer which is material to an investor for making an informed 
assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer, as well as 
the base terms and conditions of the Notes to be issued under the Programme.  
This Base Prospectus (together with all Supplements thereto from time to time) may only be used for the purposes 
for which it has been published. 
No action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealer(s) which would permit a public offering of any Notes or 
distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required other than in 
compliance with Article 1.4 of the Prospectus Regulation. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly 
or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms or other offering material may be distributed 
or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable 
laws and regulations and the Dealers have represented that all offers and sales by them will be made on the same 
terms. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the Dealers and the 
Arrangers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction.  
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with (i) any Supplement that may be published 
from time to time and with all documents incorporated by reference and in relation to any Series (as defined 
herein) of Notes and (ii) the relevant Final Terms. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the 
issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as 
having been authorised by the Issuer, the Arrangers or any of the Dealers (as defined in "General Description of 
the Programme"). Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, in 
any circumstances, imply that (i) the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof, (ii) there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or the 
date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse 
change in the financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has 
been most recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the 
document containing the same.  
Neither the Issuer, the Dealer(s) nor any of their respective affiliates has or assumes responsibility for the 
lawfulness of the acquisition of the Notes by a prospective investor in the Notes, whether under the laws of the 
jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for compliance by that 
prospective investor with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it. The distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and the offer or sale of the Notes may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Persons into whose 
possession this Base Prospectus comes and required by the Issuer, the Dealers and the Arrangers to inform 
themselves about and to observe any such restriction. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales 
of Notes and on districution of this Base Prospectus, see "Subscription and Sale".  
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes 
(a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor 
contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and 
affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation 
by or on behalf of the Issuer any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
The Arrangers and the Dealer(s) have not, commonly or separately verified the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus. Neither the Arrangers nor any of the Dealers makes any representation, express or implied, or accepts 
any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information in this Base Prospectus. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements or any information incorporated by reference are 
intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation 
by any of the Issuer, the Arrangers or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial 
statements or any information incorporated by reference should purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of 
Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and its 
purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. Neither the Arrangers nor the 
Dealers undertake to review the financial or general condition of the Issuer during the life of the arrangements 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any 
information that may come to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arrangers. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors 
are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential 
investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments 
for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its 
purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate 
regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar 
rules. 
None of the Dealers or the Issuer makes any representation to any investor in the Notes regarding the legality of 
its investment under any applicable laws. Any investor in the Notes should be able to bear the economic risk of an 
investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of time. 
PRIIPs – IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Tranche of 
Notes issued under the Programme include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", such 
Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended or superseded, 
the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PRIIPs – IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Tranche of Notes 
include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", such Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (the UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/565 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the FSMA) and any rules 
or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) n° 600/2014 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK MiFIR); or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 
of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/ TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will 
include a legend entitled “MiFID II product governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on 5 February 2018 and which channels for distribution of

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made 
in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the product governance rules under EU Delegated 
Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealer nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not a MiFID II regulated entity and does not qualify as a distributor or 
manufacturer under the MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published 
by the ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled Brexit our approach to 
EU non-legislative materials), and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA) Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made 
in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the 
Dealer(s) nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not a UK MiFIR regulated entity and does not qualify 
as a distributor or manufacturer under the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more “benchmarks” for the purposes 
of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 (as amended, the 
Benchmark Regulation). In this case, a statement will be included in the applicable Final Terms as to whether or 
not the relevant administrator of the “benchmark” is included in ESMA’s register of administrators under Article 
36 of the Benchmark Regulation. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to "Euro", "euro" 
or "€" are to the lawful currency of the member states of the European Union that have adopted the single 
currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the 
Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended, references to "£", "pounds sterling" and 
"Sterling" are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom, references to "$", "USD" and "US Dollar" are to 
the lawful currency of the United States, references to "¥", "JPY" and "Yen" are to the lawful currency of Japan 
and references to "CHF" and "Swiss Francs" are to the lawful currency of Switzerland.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Clause                                                                                                                                          Page 
 
General description of the programme .............................................................................................. 6 
Risk Factors .................................................................................................................................... 15 
Conditions attached to the consent of the Issuer to use the Base Prospectus .................................. 35 
Structure Diagram ........................................................................................................................... 37 
Supplement to the Base Prospectus ................................................................................................ 38 
Information Incorporated by Reference .......................................................................................... 39 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes ................................................................................................. 41 
Temporary Global Certificates in respect of Materialised Notes .................................................... 80 
Use of Proceeds............................................................................................................................... 82 
Main Features of the Legislation and Regulations relating to Sociétés de Crédit Foncier............. 83 
Description of the Issuer ................................................................................................................. 95 
Relationship between the Issuer, Crédit Agricole S.A. and Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank ........................................................................................................................... 102 
Hedging Strategy .......................................................................................................................... 103 
Form of Final Terms ..................................................................................................................... 107 
Taxation ........................................................................................................................................ 131 
Subscription and Sale .................................................................................................................... 133 
General Information ...................................................................................................................... 139 
Person Responsible for the Information Given in the Base Prospectus ........................................ 144

--- Page 6 ---
6 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
The following general description must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus and does not 
purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base 
Prospectus and, in relation to any Terms and Conditions of Notes, the relevant Final Terms. 
This general description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 
25.1(b) of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended. It does not, and is not 
intended to, constitute a summary of this Base Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this section shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the 
section entitled “Glossary” of this Base Prospectus.  
Issuer: 
Crédit Agricole Public Sector SCF, a société anonyme incorporated 
under French law on 11 January 2007, registered in the Trade and 
Company Registry (Registre du Commerce et des Sociétés) of 
Nanterre under number 493 582 571 RCS Nanterre and duly licensed 
in France as a credit institution (établissement de crédit) with the 
status of société de crédit foncier. 
 
The Issuer's assets are, inter alia, composed of public exposures 
complying with the provisions of article L.513-4 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier and other assets in accordance with its by-laws 
(statuts) and Article L.513-2 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et 
financier. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI): 
969500CN2FOU71HFHW51 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil 
its obligations under the Notes issued under the Programme and 
which should be assessed prior to making any investment decision. 
In addition, there are certain factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the risks associated with Notes issued under the 
Programme. These are set out under the headings "Risk factors 
relating to the Issuer" and "Risks factors relating to the Notes" in the 
section headed "Risk Factors" in this Base Prospectus. 
Arrangers: 
Crédit Agricole S.A. and Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank. 
Statutory Auditors: 
Ernst & Young et Autres and Pricewaterhousecoopers Audit 
Cover Pool Monitor : 
Fides Audit 
Dealer: 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank. 
 
The Issuer may, from time to time, terminate the appointment of any 
Dealer under the Programme and/or appoint additional dealer(s)

--- Page 7 ---
7 
either in respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the whole 
Programme. References in this Base Prospectus to Permanent 
Dealers are to Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank and 
to such additional persons that are appointed as dealers in respect of 
the whole Programme (and whose appointment has not been 
terminated) and references to Dealers are to all Permanent Dealers 
and all persons appointed as a dealer in respect of one or more 
Tranches. 
Description: 
Under the Programme for the continuous offer of Notes, the Issuer, 
subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, may, from time to time, issue notes to be governed by 
French law (the Notes). The Notes will be obligations foncières. 
 
The Notes will rank pari passu and shall benefit from the statutory 
privilège (priority right of payment) created by article L.513-11 of 
the French Code monétaire et financier (for further description see 
"Main Features of the Legislation and Regulations relating to 
Sociétés de Crédit Foncier"). 
Fiscal Agent and Principal 
Paying Agent: 
Uptevia 
Calculation Agent: 
Crédit Agricole S.A.. 
Programme Limit: 
Up to €10,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the 
date of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any 
time. 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes may be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
 
The Notes will be issued in series (each a Series) having one or more 
issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical other than 
in respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes of each Series 
being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that 
Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a Tranche) on 
the same or different issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche 
(which will be supplemented, where necessary, with supplemental 
terms and conditions and which, save in respect of the issue date, 
issue price, first payment of interest and nominal amount of the 
Tranche, will be identical to the terms of the other Tranches of the 
same Series) will be set out in the relevant final terms (the Final 
Terms). 
Maturities: 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased or cancelled, subject to 
compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, Notes 
may have any maturity from the date of original issue as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms (the Maturity Date). 
 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, upon the occurrence of any of the following events (if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms of a Series of Notes in

--- Page 8 ---
8 
accordance with Condition 7(a) (Final Redemption)), the Maturity 
Date of the Notes shall be extended (the Extended Maturity Date): 
(a) in the event of a default of payment, on the Maturity Date 
initially set by the Issuer, of the principal or interest of a loan 
granted by the Issuer to a credit institution and guaranteed 
by the remittance, assignment or pledge of receivables 
pursuant to Articles L. 211-38 to L. 211-40 or Articles L. 
313-23 to L. 313-35 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier, whether or not these receivables are of a 
professional nature. The same applies in the event of a 
default of payment, by the credit institution issuing 
promissory notes subscribed by the Issuer in accordance 
with the terms and conditions defined in Articles L. 313-43 
to L. 313-48 of the French Code monétaire et financier, of 
the principal or interest on such promissory notes; 
(b) in the event of a default of payment, on the Maturity Date 
initially set by the Issuer, of the principal or interest of such 
Notes, by the Issuer; 
(c) in the event a credit institution benefiting from loans granted 
by the Issuer and guaranteed by the remittance, assignment 
or pledge of receivables pursuant to Articles L. 211-38 to L. 
211-40 or Articles L. 313-23 to L. 313-35 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier, whether or not these receivables are 
of a professional nature, or in the event a credit institution 
issuing promissory notes subscribed by the Issuer in 
accordance with the terms and conditions defined in Articles 
L. 313-43 to L. 313-48 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier, is subject to safeguard proceedings (procédure de 
sauvegarde), 
judicial 
reorganisation 
or 
liquidation 
proceedings (procédure de redressement ou de liquidation 
judiciaires) or resolution proceedings opened pursuant to 
Article L. 613-49 of the French Code monétaire et financier;  
(d) in the event the Issuer is subject to safeguard proceedings 
(procédure de sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation or 
liquidation proceedings (procédure de redressement ou de 
liquidation judiciaires) or resolution proceedings opened 
pursuant to Article L. 613-49 of the French Code monétaire 
et financier, 
(a Maturity Extension Trigger Event). 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in Euro, US Dollar, Sterling, Yen, 
Swiss Francs and in any other currency specified in the Final Terms. 
Terms of the Notes: 
The specific terms of each Tranche of Notes (including, without 
limitations, the aggregate nominal amount, issue price, redemption 
price thereof, and interest, if any, payable thereunder) will be

--- Page 9 ---
9 
determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of the 
issue and will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Specified Denomination(s): 
The Notes will be issued in such denomination(s) as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, save that the minimum denomination of each 
Note will be such amount as may be allowed or required, from time 
to time, by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws 
or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds of 
the issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, constitute deposits for 
the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in 
section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 unless 
they are issued to a limited class of professional investors and have a 
denomination of at least £100,000 or its equivalent. 
 
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one denomination only. 
Status of Notes – Legal 
Privilège: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, and privileged 
obligations of the Issuer. The Notes are issued under, as applicable, 
articles L.513-2 to L.513-23 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier. Holders of Notes benefit from the privilège (priority right 
of payment) over all the assets and revenues of the Issuer as set out 
under article L.513-11 of the French Code monétaire et financier (for 
further description of the privilège, see "Privilège Relating to the 
Notes and Certain Other Obligations of the Issuer"). 
Negative Pledge: 
None. 
Events of Default 
(including Cross Default):  
None. 
Redemption Amount: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, the 
Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date (or, in case an Extended 
Maturity Date is specified, before or on such Extended Maturity 
Date) at their nominal amount (except in case of Zero Coupon 
Notes). 
 
Unless permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes 
(including Notes denominated in sterling) having a maturity of less 
than one year from the date of issue and in respect of which the issue 
proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or 
whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 must have a minimum 
redemption amount of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies). 
Optional Redemption: 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the 
option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the Noteholders 
if so specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
Interest Periods and 
Interest Rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to time 
or be constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum interest 
rate, a minimum interest rate, or both. All such information will be 
set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each 
year specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each 
Series as follows: 
 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by the June 2013 FBF Master Agreement, as 
published by the Fédération Bancaire Française; or 
 
(ii) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by an agreement incorporating either the 2006 
ISDA Definitions or the latest version of the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, each as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. (or any successor) on its website; or 
 
(iii) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on an agreed screen 
page of a commercial quotation service (including 
EURIBOR), 
 
in each case as adjusted for any applicable margin, if any, and 
calculated and payable as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum rate of interest, a 
minimum rate of interest or both. If no minimum rate of interest is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, any rate of interest (which shall 
refer to the relevant rate plus any relevant margin) with respect to 
Floating Rate Notes shall be subject to a minimum of zero. Interest 
periods will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the 
Issuer may elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms 
from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a 
Fixed Rate or (ii) that will automatically change from a Fixed Rate 
to a Floating Rate or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate on the date 
set out in the Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a 
discount to it and will not bear interest other than in the case of late 
payment. 
Benchmark Event 
On the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, such that any rate of 
interest (or any component part thereof) cannot be determined by 
reference to the original benchmark or screen rate (as applicable)

--- Page 11 ---
11 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Reference Rate 
Determination Agent may determine a Successor Rate or an 
Alternative Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread and any 
any other related adjustments and/or amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, in accordance with Condition 6(g) (Margin, 
Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Rounding). 
Redenomination: 
Notes issued in the currency of any member state of the EU which 
participates in the third stage (or any further stage) of European 
Monetary Union may be redenominated into Euro, all as more fully 
provided in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Redenomination" 
below. 
Consolidation: 
Notes of one Series may be consolidated with Notes of another Series 
as more fully provided in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – 
Further Issues and Consolidation". 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes may be issued in either dematerialised form 
(Dematerialised Notes) or in materialised form (Materialised 
Notes).  
 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be issued in 
bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) or in registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the 
option of the relevant holder, in either fully registered dematerialised 
form (au nominatif pur) or administered registered dematerialised 
form (au nominatif administré). No physical documents of title will 
be issued in respect of Dematerialised Notes. See "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – Form, Denomination, Title and 
Redenomination". 
 
French law Materialised Notes will be in bearer form only. A 
Temporary Global Certificate will initially be issued in respect of 
each Tranche of French law Materialised Notes. Materialised Notes 
may only be issued outside France. 
Representation of Notes: 
Except as otherwise provided by the relevant Final Terms if it is 
specified that “No Masse” would apply, Noteholders will be grouped 
automatically for the defense of their common interest in a masse. 
See "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Representation of 
Noteholders". 
Governing Law: 
The Notes will be governed by French law. 
Jurisdiction 
Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Coupons 
or Talons may be brought before any competent court located within 
the jurisdiction of the registered office of the Issuer. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear France as central depositary in relation to Dematerialised 
Notes and, in relation to Materialised Notes, Clearstream and 
Euroclear or any other clearing system that may be agreed between 
the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer(s).

--- Page 12 ---
12 
Initial Delivery of 
Dematerialised Notes: 
No later than one Paris business day before the issue date of each 
Tranche of Dematerialised Notes, the Lettre Comptable (for 
syndicated issues) or the Application Form (in case of non-
syndicated issues) relating to such Tranche shall be deposited with 
Euroclear France as central depositary. 
Initial Delivery of 
Materialised Notes: 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche of Materialised Notes, 
the Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of such Tranche 
of Notes shall be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream or with any other clearing system or may be 
delivered outside any clearing system provided that the method of 
such delivery has been agreed in advance by the Issuer, the Fiscal 
Agent and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their nominal amount.  
Taxation: 
All payments by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes and 
Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by or within any jurisdiction or any authority therein or 
thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by law. 
 
If any law should require that any payments in respect of any Note 
or Coupon be subject to withholding or deduction in respect of any 
present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges 
of whatever nature, the Issuer will not be required to pay any 
additional amounts in respect of such withholding or deduction.  
Listing and Admission to 
Trading: 
Application has been made to the AMF to approve this document as 
a base prospectus. Application may also be made for Notes issued 
under the Programme to be admitted to trading and to be listed on 
Euronext Paris. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) in relation to a specific Series. Notes 
which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may 
also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which 
stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Method of publication: 
This Base Prospectus, any supplements thereto, as the case may be, 
and the Final Terms related to Notes admitted to trading on any 
Regulated Market in the EEA will be published on the websites of 
the 
AMF 
(www.amf-france.org) 
and 
of 
the 
Issuer

--- Page 13 ---
13 
(https://www.credit-agricole.com/finance/dette-et-
notations/emissions-marche/ca-public-sector-scf-covered-bonds). 
Rating: 
The Notes to be issued under the Programme are expected to be rated 
AAA by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P) and Aaa by 
Moody's France S.A.S. (Moody’s). 
 
Each of S&P and Moody's is established in the European Union and 
is registered under regulation (EU) N° 1060/2009 (as amended) (the 
CRA Regulation). Each of S&P and Moody's are included in the list 
of credit ratings agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) 
in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
 
The credit rating of the Notes will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.  
 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time 
by the assigning rating organisation. 
Selling Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see "Subscription and 
Sale") including the following restrictions applicable at the date of 
this Base Prospectus. 
 
The Issuer is Category 1 for the purposes of Regulation S under the 
U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). 
 
Materialised Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. 
Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor U.S. Treasury regulation 
section, including without limitation, regulations issued in 
accordance with Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or 
otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore 
Employment Act of 2010)(the D Rules) unless (i) the relevant Final 
Terms states that such Materialised Notes are issued in compliance 
with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor U.S. 
Treasury regulation section, including without limitation, regulations 
issued in accordance with Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 
or otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore 
Employment Act of 2010)(the C Rules) or (ii) such Materialised 
Notes are issued other than in compliance with the D Rules or the C 
Rules but in circumstances in which the Materialised Notes will not 
constitute "registration-required obligations" under the United States 
Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 (TEFRA), which 
circumstances will be referred to in the relevant Final Terms as a 
transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
Dematerialised Notes do not require compliance with the TEFRA 
Rules.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
RISK FACTORS 
Prospective purchasers of Notes offered hereby should consider carefully, in light of their financial 
circumstances and investment objectives, all of the information in this Base Prospectus and, in 
particular, the risk factors below in making an investment decision. 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the 
Notes issued under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with the 
Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. In each category below the Issuer sets 
out first the most material risks, taking into account the negative impact of such risks and the probability 
of their occurrence. The materiality of the risks has been assessed based on the probability of their 
occurrence and the expected magnitude of their negative impact on the Issuer. Such risks are classified 
by importance (decreasing in magnitude). The risk exposure or measurement figures included in the 
risk factors provide information on the Issuer’s exposure level but are not necessarily representative of 
future evolution. Other risks and uncertainties which, on the date of this Base Prospectus, are not known 
of by the Issuer, or are considered not to be relevant, may have a significant impact on the Issuer, its 
activities, its financial condition and the Notes. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus and, in the light of their own financial circumstances and investment objectives, reach their 
own views prior to making any investment decision. In particular, investors should make their own 
assessment as to the risks associated with the Notes prior to investing in Notes issued under the 
Programme. 
Words and expressions defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" shall have the same 
meanings in this section. 
A. RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
1. 
THE ISSUER IS EXPOSED TO CREDIT AND COUNTERPARTY RISKS 
(a) 
The Issuer is exposed to credit risks on Crédit Agricole S.A. 
The Issuer is directly exposed to Crédit Agricole S.A. as sole Borrower under the loans granted under 
the Issuer Facility Agreement. However, this credit risk is covered by the transfer of full title by way of 
assignment (remise en pleine propriété à titre de garantie) of a portfolio of assets that meet regulatory 
eligibility criteria and the requirement for Crédit Agricole S.A. to maintain at any time a minimum level 
of cover ratio between the public exposures transferred as Collateral Security Assets and the outstanding 
amount of the loans made available under the Issuer Facility Agreement, as specified under the Issuer 
Collateral Security Agreement (see section entitled “Description of the Issuer”). It is worth noting that 
the Issuer shall maintain at any time a minimum legal cover ratio of 105% and the cover ratio of the 
Issuer as of 31 December 2022 certified by the cover pool monitor was 154.2%.  
Failure to maintain compliance with such requirements may result in, if not remedied, a mandatory 
repayment event under the Issuer Facility Agreement and, if Crédit Agricole S.A. cannot repay in full 
the loans granted under the Issuer Facility Agreement and the public exposures transferred as Collateral 
Security Assets are not sufficient to pay in full the amounts payable under the Notes, the Issuer may 
have insufficient funds to meet its obligations under the Notes. As a result, Noteholders could lose all 
or a substantial part of their investment in the Notes. As of 31 December 2022, the outstanding amount 
of Notes issued by the Issuer is € 4.5 billions (without interest).

--- Page 16 ---
16 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the likelihood of such risk happening is unlikely 
and that the impact of such risk could be high. 
(b) 
The Issuer is exposed to credit risks on its assets 
Debtors' ability to pay following enforcement of the Collateral Security Assets 
The debtors are either public entities or private entities whose obligations are secured by public entities 
complying with the eligibility criteria provided for by Article L.513-4 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier. Therefore, the Issuer may be exposed to the occurrence of credit risk in relation to the debtors 
and or public garantors. Certain countries and sectors to which the Issuer has or may in the future have 
credit exposure may, from time to time, experience weaker economic conditions. Assets originated in, 
and further production in, such areas may experience higher rates of loss and the ability of borrowers 
and or public guarantors to make payments may also be affected by factors such as adverse economic 
conditions in particular geographic areas or industries or perceptions in financial markets as to the 
creditworthiness of certain borrowers. Such occurrences may accordingly have an adverse impact on 
the fair market value of certain assets included in the cover pool. The Issuer may be subject to such risk 
since the exposures are located in various countries whose scope is evolving from time to time.  
As of 31 December 2022, the pool of debtors was well diversified among 41 countries. The main 
locations were Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Brazil, Egypt, and Indonesia, all representing around 27% of the 
total.These latter exposures are all guaranteed by an export credit agency such as BPI France, UKEF, 
Korea Trade Insurance Corporation and Euler-Hermes.  
The debtors belong to different industries aircraft, energy, telecommunications and defense for the bulk 
of them.  
The composition of the Issuer’s cover pool is dynamic and is expected to change during the life of the 
Notes and is therefore significantly and continuously subject to market conditions.  
As of 31 December 2022, the public exposures, cash amounts and securities transferred (remis en pleine 
propriété à titre de garantie) as Collateral Security Assets amounted to € 5,910 million. 
If following enforcement of the Collateral Security Assets pursuant to the Issuer Collateral Security 
Agreements, the Issuer does not receive the full amount due from such debtors, or as the case may be, 
by their guarantors, in respect of such public entities’ exposures, this may affect the ability of the Issuer 
to make payments under the Notes. As a result, Noteholders could lose all or a substantial part of their 
investment in the Notes. 
None of the Borrower under the Issuer Facility Agreement, the Issuer or any other party to the 
Programme does guarantee or warrant full and timely payment by the debtors and/or the relevant credit 
agents, as the case may be, of any sums payable under such public entities’ exposures. 
As a result, the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations under the Notes may be materially adversely 
affected and the Noteholders could lose all or a substantial part of their investment in the Notes. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the likelihood of such risk happening is unlikely 
and that the impact of such risk could be high. 
No prior notification to debtors under the public exposures transferred as Collateral Security Assets 
The Issuer Collateral Security Agreement will provide that the relevant public exposures will be 
transferred outright (remis en pleine propriété à titre de garantie) as Collateral Security Assets pursuant

--- Page 17 ---
17 
to the provisions of Articles L. 211-38 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code, without 
notification or information of the debtors and/or the relevant credit agents, as the case may be, under 
such public exposures unless such notification or information is legally or contractually required to 
enable such transfer to become effective. Such debtors and/or credit agents, as the case may be, will 
therefore (unless it is legally or contractually required to enable such transfer to become effective) only 
be notified in case of the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default and enforcement of the Collateral 
Security Assets by the Issuer. As long as no such notification has taken place, any payments made by 
any debtor and/or credit agent, as the case may be, under the relevant public exposures will continue to 
be validly made by such debtors and/or credit agents, as the case may be, to the Borrower. 
Each debtor and/or credit agent, as the case may be, may further raise defences (which may include, as 
applicable, any set-off right) against the Issuer arising from such debtor’s and/or credit agent’s, as the 
case may be, relationship with its creditor to the extent that such defences (i) are existing prior to the 
notification of the transfer of the relevant public exposures or (ii) arise out of mutual claims 
(compensation de créances connexes) between such debtor and/or credit agent, as the case may be, and 
its creditor which are closely connected with that public exposures (irrespective of whether such 
notification has been made before or after such claims have arisen). 
As a consequence, notification to the debtors and/or credit agents, as the case may be, under the relevant 
public exposures may take time and even after such notification being made, there can be delay for the 
Issuer to obtain effective direct payment from such debtors and/or credit agents, as the case may be. 
This may affect the timely payments under the Notes and may even result in a shortfall in distributions 
of interest or repayment of principal under the Notes. As a result, Noteholders could lose all or a 
substantial part of their investment in the Notes. 
As of 31 December 2022, Collateral Security Assets totalled € 5,910 million, and consisted of 134 
individual loans.  
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the likelihood of such risk happening is very 
likely and that the impact of such risk could be low. 
(c) 
The Issuer is exposed to counterparty risks 
The Issuer is exposed to credit risk of other parties to the Programme Documents, including Crédit 
Agricole S.A. and Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank  
The ability of the Issuer to make any principal and interest payments in respect of the Notes will mainly 
depend on the ability of Crédit Agricole S.A. in its capacity as Borrower under the Issuer Facility 
Agreement, collateral security provider under the Issuer Collateral Security Agreement, the Liquidity, 
Commingling and the Set-Off Collateral Security Agreement, Arranger, Calculation Agent and 
Administrator, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, in its capacity as Arranger, Permanent 
Dealer and Servicer under the Master Servicing Agreement, or any company within the Crédit Agricole 
Group, or the shareholders or directors or agents of any company in the same group of companies as 
any of them to adequately perform their respective duties as service providers (see risk factor “The 
Issuer’s operating income and financial position may be affected by disruptions to the global economic 
situation and financial markets resulting from the conflict between Russia and Ukraine”). 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited has assigned long and 
short-term Issuer Credit Ratings of A+/ Stable outlook/A-1 to Crédit Agricole S.A., Moody’s France 
S.A.S has assigned an Issuer Rating of Aa3/Stable outlook/P-1 to Crédit Agricole S.A., Fitch Ratings 
Ireland Limited has assigned long and short-term Issuer Default Ratings of A+/ Stable outlook/F1+ to 
Crédit Agricole S.A..

--- Page 18 ---
18 
The regulatory provisions applicable to Sociétés de Crédit Foncier (see section entitled “Main Features 
of the Legislation and Regulations relating to Sociétés de Crédit Foncier”) and the Programme 
Documents provide for mitigants or for substitution and/or constitution of additional collateral security 
upon certain triggers (most notably, several triggers based upon long or short term ratings of Crédit 
Agricole S.A., as further described under the sections entitled “Description of the Issuer” and “Hedging 
Strategy”). Delay or inability to implement those mitigants may affect the ability of the Issuer to make 
payments under the Notes up to the required amount and/or on the relevant due date. 
In addition, if those mitigants prove to be insufficient, failure of any such party to make a payment or a 
transfer as expected and when due may materially affect the ability of the Issuer to make principal and 
interest payments in respect of the Notes. As a result, Noteholders could lose all or a substantial part of 
their investment in the Note. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the likelihood of such risk happening is unlikely 
and that the impact of such risk could be high. 
Conflicts of interest may arise between the parties to the programme 
Conflict of interest may arise during the life of the Programme as a result of various factors involving 
certain parties to the Programme Documents. For example, such potential conflicts may arise because 
Crédit Agricole S.A. and Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank act in several capacities under 
the Programme Documents, although their rights and obligations under the Programme Documents are 
not contractually conflicting and are independent from another. 
The Issuer, the Dealers or their respective affiliates may, during the course of their business activities, 
from time to time advise the issuers of or obligors in respect of reference assets regarding transactions 
to be entered into by them, or engage in transactions involving reference assets for their proprietary 
accounts and for other accounts under their management. In such cases, the interest of any of those 
parties or their affiliates or the interest of other parties for whom they perform servicing functions may 
differ from, and compete with, the interest of the Issuer or of the holders of the Notes.  
In addition, potential conflicts of interest may also arise between the calculation agent, if any, and the 
Noteholders with respect to a Tranche of Notes, including with respect to certain discretionary 
determinations and judgements that such calculation agent may make pursuant to the Terms and 
Conditions that may influence the amount receivable upon redemption of the Notes. Potential conflicts 
of interest may also arise if a Reference Rate Determination Agent is appointed. The Reference Rate 
Determination Agent is likely to be a member of an international financial group, including as the case 
may be, a company within the Crédit Agricole Group, (with the exception of the Issuer itself), that is 
involved in a wide range of banking activities out of which conflicting interests may arise. Whilst they 
will, where relevant, have information barriers and procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, 
they may in their other banking activities from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an 
index or related derivatives which may affect amounts receivable by Noteholders during the life and on 
the maturity of the Notes or the market price, liquidity or value of the Notes and which could be deemed 
to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Furthermore potential conflicts of interest may arise in connection with the Notes, as any distributors 
or other entities involved in the offer and/or the listing of the Notes as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms, will act pursuant to a mandate granted by the Issuer and can receive commissions and/or fees 
on the basis of the services performed in relation to such offer and/or listing. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the likelihood of such risk happening is unlikely 
and that the impact of such risk could be high.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
The Issuer is exposed to performance risk on third parties service providers, including Crédit 
Agricole S.A. and Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
The Issuer does not have its own means or employees. As a result, the Issuer has entered into agreements 
with a number of third parties, which have agreed to perform services for the Issuer, which all belong 
to the Crédit Agricole Group. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Crédit Agricole S.A. is Borrower, 
collateral security provider, Arranger, Calculation Agent and Administrator, and Crédit Agricole 
Corporate and Investment Bank is Arranger, Permanent Dealer and Servicer.  
The ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Notes may be affected by the due performance of 
the other third parties involved in the Programme in relation to their payment and other obligations 
thereunder, including the performance by Crédit Agricole S.A. and Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank of their respective obligations. 
The Programme Documents provide for the ability of the Issuer under certain circumstances to 
terminate the appointment of any relevant third party service provider under the relevant Programme 
Documents and to replace it. However, there is a risk that no suitable successor will be found in a timely 
manner or with sufficient experience or ability to serve on the same or similar terms as provided by the 
relevant Programme Documents or as to the financial terms on which they would agree to be appointed. 
The ability of a substitute entity to perform the required services fully would also depend, among other 
things, on the information, software and records available at the time of the appointment. 
The management administration of the Issuer has also been outsourced to Crédit Agricole S.A. In this 
respect, Crédit Agricole S.A. shall (i) fulfil regulatory obligations of permanent supervision, periodic 
supervision and compliance supervision on behalf of the Issuer and (ii) shall provide the Issuer with 
certain services required by the operations of the Issuer, in particular for financial (financial 
management) and legal purposes. Therefore, the Issuer is dependent towards Crédit Agricole S.A. 
regarding its management. The Issuer is also dependent upon Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank for the management of the Collateral Security Assets. Under a services providing outsourcing 
convention (convention d’externalisation de prestation de services), Crédit Agricole S.A., through its 
Risks management division, oversees the various risks associated with the operation of the Issuer, most 
notably but not limited to, non-conformity risks, IT risks and accounting risks, and implements 
procedures aiming at mitigating such risks, with the support of specialized divisions among the Crédit 
Agricole Group.  
Furthermore, the Covid-19 pandemic have led the Crédit Agricole Group entities to massively 
implement remote working arrangements which could lead to new types of operational incidents or 
increase the risk of cyber-attacks faced by the Crédit Agricole Group entities. 
Any bad or delayed performance by a third party service provider as well as any delay or inability to 
appoint a substitute entity may affect the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Notes up to 
the required amount and/or on the relevant due date. As a result, Noteholders could lose all or a 
substantial part of their investment in the Notes. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the likelihood of such risk happening is very 
unlikely and that the impact of such risk could be high.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
2. 
THE ISSUER IS EXPOSED TO MARKET AND STRUCTURAL RISKS 
The Issuer may be exposed to interest rate and currency risks 
The Issuer may issue Notes at a fixed or floating rate, in euro or any other currency for the purpose of 
funding Issuer Advances guaranteed by Collateral Security Assets to be transferred as security (remis 
en pleine propriété à titre de garantie) by the Borrower to the Issuer in accordance with Article L.211-
38 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier (as further described in the section entitled 
"Description of the Issuer – Business overview – Issuer Advances"). 
The assets being part of the Collateral Security Assets will comprise fixed or floating rate loans, in euro 
or other currency. 
The Collateral Security Assets might not bear interest in the same conditions as those of the Notes and 
might not be denominated in the same currency as those of the Notes. In addition, the Issuer is exposed 
to residual interest rate risk as a result of unanticipated changes in the Collateral Security Assets due to, 
for example, the default, pre-payment or renegotiation of loans. 
Each Issuer Advance granted by the Issuer to the benefit of the Borrower under the Issuer Facility 
Agreement will be made available (i) in the currency in which the corresponding Series of Notes is 
denominated and (ii) subject to the same interest conditions to those applicable to the Notes funding 
such Issuer Advance. 
As a consequence, as long as certain events of default under the Issuer Facility Agreement (each a 
Borrower Event of Default) have not occurred, the Issuer shall not be exposed to any currency and 
interest risk regarding the Borrower's outstanding indebtedness under the Issuer Facility Agreement. 
Upon the occurrence of default of the Borrower under the Issuer Facility Agreement, foreign exchange 
risks may be a major source of market risks for the Issuer, as a part of the Collateral Security assets as 
large as but not greater than 50% was denominated in USD whereas the Notes are essentially 
denominated in euro as of the Date of this prospectus.  
Interest Rate risk may be important as well as the part of floating rate loans in the cover pool may 
represent as much as 60% whereas the Notes are all fixed rate as at the Date of this prospectus. 
The Issuer's risk management policy is to take no foreign exchange risks nor interest rate risk. Assets 
and liabilities originally in foreign currencies are to be swapped against euro and interest rate risk will 
be hedged upon the occurrence of a Hedging Rating Trigger Event.  
Upon the senior unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations of Crédit Agricole S.A. 
becoming rated below A-1 (short term) by S&P or P-1 (short term) by Moody's (a Hedging Rating 
Trigger Event), the Issuer will enter into hedging agreements with an eligible hedging counterparty 
(the Issuer Hedging Agreements) and will apply the Hedging Strategy in order to hedge any currency 
and/or interest rate risk it shall bear in respect of the Notes or the Collateral Security Assets. It is also 
contemplated that upon the occurrence of a Hedging Rating Trigger Event, the Issuer will enter into 
hedging agreements with Crédit Agricole S.A. in order to transfer to Crédit Agricole S.A. (the 
Borrower Hedging Agreements) the effect of the Issuer Hedging Agreement until a Borrower Event 
of Default which is enforced subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant terms of the Issuer Facility 
Agreement. Pursuant to Articles L.513-10 and L.513-11 of the French Code monétaire et financier, the 
Eligible Hedging Provider under the Issuer Hedging Agreement and the Borrower Hedging Agreement 
will benefit from the Privilège. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has entered into a 
Hedging Approved Form Letter with Crédit Agricole S.A., through which both parties agree to enter 
into hedging transactions upon the occurrence of the aforementioned events.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
Upon the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default which is enforced subject to, and in accordance 
with, the relevant terms of the Issuer Facility Agreement, and the subsequent enforcement by the Issuer 
of its rights under the Collateral Security Assets transferred to it pursuant to the Issuer Collateral 
Security Agreement, the Issuer will maintain its rights and obligations under the existing Issuer Hedging 
Agreement and the Borrower Hedging Agreement will be immediately terminated. 
However, the Hedging Strategy might not adequately address such hedging risks. The Issuer can only 
enter into derivative instruments pursuant to a hedging strategy, involving either micro- or macro-
hedges which may limit its ability to fully hedge market risks. Furthermore, upon the occurrence of a 
Hedging Rating Trigger Event, the hedging documentation agreed under the Hedging Strategy might 
not be conducted, and in particular, that all the relevant eligible hedging provider(s) will be found and 
will accept to conclude the hedging documentation agreed under the Hedging Strategy.  
The Issuer will be exposed to the credit risk and performance risk of such counterparties to any of those 
mitigant mechanisms and failure by any such counterparty may affect the ability of the Issuer to make 
principal and interest payments in respect of the Notes up to the required amount. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the likelihood of such risks happening is very 
unlikely and that the impact of the currency risk could be high whereas the impact of interest rate risk 
could be low. 
The Issuer is exposed to liquidity risk 
Crédit Agricole S.A. will provide liquidity to the Issuer through payment obligations of Crédit Agricole 
S.A. towards the Issuer under each Issuer Advance under the Issuer Facility Agreement (such Issuer 
Advance being made available by the Issuer to Crédit Agricole S.A. in the same specified currency and 
according to the same interest and other conditions to those applicable to the Notes funding such Issuer 
Advance); 
As a consequence, as long as certain events of default under the Issuer Facility Agreement (each a 
Borrower Event of Default) have not occurred, the Issuer shall not be exposed to any liquidity risk. 
In such occurrence, the liquidity coverage of the Issuer will be firstly provided by the liquidity received 
from the Collateral Security Assets after enforcement of the Collateral security by the Issuer.In addition, 
as the maturity and amortisation profile of the Collateral Security Assets will not match the repayment 
profile and maturities of the Notes, a need for liquidity at the level of the Issuer will arise pursuant to 
Articles L.513-7, L.513-8 and R.513-7 of the French Code monétaire et financier. Pursuant to these 
Articles, a société de crédit foncier must ensure, at all times, adequate coverage of its liquidity needs 
for a 180 days period, taking into account expected flows in principal and interests under its assets and 
net flows relating to forward financial instruments set forth in Article L.513-10 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier (See the section entitled "Main Features of the Legislation and Regulations 
relating to Sociétés de Crédit Foncier"). 
Such liquidity needs must be covered by Substitution Assets and assets eligible as collateral for the 
credit operations of the Banque de France in accordance with the procedures and conditions laid out by 
it for its monetary policy and intraday credit operations.  
It is intended that such liquidity for repayment of hard bullet covered bond coverage will be provided 
through the transfer by Crédit Agricole S.A. to the Issuer as collateral of cash amounts and/or certain 
Substitution Assets under a collateral security agreement entered into between Crédit Agricole S.A. as 
collateral security provider and the Issuer as beneficiary (the Liquidity, Commingling and Set-Off 
Collateral Security Agreement); for repayment of the Soft Bullet Notes, the liquidity may be

--- Page 22 ---
22 
alternatively provided by the proceeds from sales of Collateral Security Assets before the relevant 
Extended Maturity Date  
Failure of Crédit Agricole S.A. to provide liquidity where required under the Liquidity, Commingling 
and Set-Off Collateral Security Agreement and or failure of the Issuer to raise enough liquidity through 
the sale of Collateral Security Assets may create a liquidity shortfall and may adversely affect the 
Issuer's ability to perform its obligations under the Notes.  
As of 31 December 2022, Collateral Security Assets consisted of 134 loans with a weighted average 
remaining term of 48 months. As of the date of this Prospectus, the outstanding amount of Notes issued 
by the Issuer is € 4.5 billion net principal amount and such Notes are scheduled to mature no later than 
December 2031. The maturity dates of the Notes are distributed in time and the maximum principal 
amount to be repaid within the same year is € 1 billion.  
In addition, according to Article L.513-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier, the Issuer may at 
any time raise new short-term or medium-term funds in order to comply with its payment obligations 
pursuant to the Notes and other resources which benefit or not from the Privilège. These instruments 
include, inter alia, sale or transfer as collateral of receivables in accordance with Articles L.211-36 et 
seq. or Articles L.313-23 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier, temporary transfers of its 
securities as provided for in Articles L.211-22 to L.211-34 of the French Code monétaire et financier 
or having recourse to funding secured by a pledge of a securities account as defined in Article L.211-
20 of the French Code monétaire et financier or issuing bonds or other resources which benefit or not 
from the Privilège. These mechanisms make it possible for the Issuer to temporary use its assets as 
eligible collateral with the European Central Bank in accordance with the rules of the Eurosystem. 
In any case, pursuant to Article L.513-26 of the French Code monétaire et financier, the Issuer as société 
de crédit foncier may subscribe to its own Notes within the limit of 10% of the outstanding principal 
amount of any liabilities of the Issuer benefiting from the Privilège on the date of their subscription, for 
the sole purpose of granting them as collateral for the credit operations of the Banque de France in 
accordance with the procedures and conditions laid out by it for its monetary policy and intraday credit 
operations, provided that the Issuer's liquidity needs cannot be funded otherwise (See the section 
entitled "Main Features of the Legislation and Regulations relating to Sociétés de Crédit Foncier"). 
However, any residual gap between receipt of funds and funding of its commitments may lead to the 
Issuer not settling its obligations under the Notes on time. 
If the Issuer is not able to cover its liquidity needs, this may have a negative impact on the Issuer’s 
ability to meet its obligations under the Notes in a timely manner and in particular, its ability to make 
payments under the Notes may be negatively affected. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the likelihood of such risk happening is unlikely 
and that the impact of such risk could be low. 
3. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE GLOBAL ECONOMIC ENVIRONMENT 
The Issuer’s operating income and financial position may be affected by disruptions to the global 
economic situation and financial markets  
The conflict between Russia and Ukraine, as well as economic sanctions measures against Russia 
adopted in response by a number of countries (including France, the European Union, the United 
Kingdom and the United States), may continue to have widespread economic and financial 
repercussions. The conflict has exacerbated instability in global markets, with an impact on stock 
market indexes and commodity prices (particularly oil, gas and agricultural products such as wheat),

--- Page 23 ---
23 
worsening supply chain disruptions, increased production costs, and additional inflationary pressures 
beyond those already observed. Following the Covid pandemic, these difficult conditions in the global 
economy and financial markets could have significant negative impacts on the Crédit Agricole Group 
and its customers. These conditions may continue or worsen as the conflict evolves. Thus, cost of risk 
could be affected by changes in the geopolitical, financial and global macroeconomic situation, as well 
as by the deterioration in the repayment capacities of companies (decline in activity, insufficient 
capacity to pass on cost increases) and consumers (affected by consumer price increases), by the 
downgrading of the ratings of counterparties whose outstandings are downgraded from Stage 1 to Stage 
2, and by the sensitivity of certain sectors, particularly: those where the activity of significant players, 
due to their location or nationality, is directly impacted by the conflict (energy, agriculture, aeronautics, 
raw materials and energy trading); exposed to shortages or significant increases in the cost of energy 
and raw materials used in their production process (food processing, heavy industry, automotive, 
construction and public works); where the level of demand would remain below normal for a long time 
due to increases in sales prices or loss of access to significant markets. 
The ability of the Issuer to make any principal and interest payments in respect of the Notes may be 
materially affected by the results of operations and financial position of Crédit Agricole S.A. which 
may not be in the position to perform its duties as Borrower (see also risk factor “The Issuer is exposed 
to credit risk of other parties to the Programme Documents, including Crédit Agricole S.A. and Crédit 
Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank”). 
The aviation sector, to which the Issuer is exposed (at the end of April 2023, out of a total of € 6,136 
million Collateral Security Assets transferred to the Issuer, the aircraft outstandings represented € 532 
million, i.e. 9% of the Collateral Security Assets), was one of the most affected by these difficult 
conditions, but a full return to normal is expected by the International Air Transport Association in 
2024. There is a strong appetite from airlines for covered facilities and notably export credit agency 
(ECA ) covered ones which can be explained by the volatility in the bond markets which has led 
borrowers to turn more towards bank loans and inter alia ECA loans to finance their investments. 
However, this leads to a high level of competition between banks putting heavy pressure on the margin.  
Regarding the Ukrainian crisis itself, the exposure on Russian counterparties has been very limited but 
has led to prepayments of the majority of the facilities, leaving the Issuer with no default and one 
transaction being removed from the collateral as a result. 
Some emerging economies have been particularly hit by increased interest rates; although for the time 
being there have been no impacts on the exposures of the Collateral Security Assets, the crisis may 
deepen and add pressure on the debtors and/or guarantors under the assets of the Collateral Security 
Assets.  
If not enough new assets are transferred by Credit Agricole CIB and in turn by the Borrower to the 
Issuer to compensate for the removal from the pool of the affected security assets in order to comply 
with the coverage ratio requirement, it may result in a mandatory repayment event under the Issuer 
Facility Agreement and, if Crédit Agricole S.A. cannot repay in full the loans granted under the Issuer 
Facility Agreement and the public exposures transferred as Collateral Security Assets are not sufficient 
to pay in full the amounts payable under the Notes, the Issuer may have insufficient funds to meet its 
obligations under the Notes. As a result, Noteholders could lose all or a substantial part of their 
investment in the Notes. 
It is the Issuer’s assessment that the likelihood of such risk happening is unlikely and that the impact of 
such risk could be high.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
B. RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
1. RISKS RELATED TO THE MARKET OF THE NOTES AND RATINGS 
(a) 
Market value of the Notes may fluctuate and an active trading market for the Notes 
may not develop  
Application will be made in certain circumstances to admit the Notes to trading on Euronext Paris as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The market value of the Notes will be affected by the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer, the volatility of the reference assets, market interest and yield rates, the 
time remaining to the maturity date and the liquidity of the market for the Notes. The value of the Notes 
on Euronext Paris also depends on a number of interrelated factors, including economic, financial and 
political events in France, in Europe or elsewhere and factors affecting capital markets generally. 
The Notes constitute a specific class of assets, especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market 
risks, the Notes are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to 
meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. The Notes may have no established 
trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does develop for the Notes, it may 
not be liquid. Due to the prevailing and widely reported global credit market conditions (which continue 
at the date of this Base Prospectus), there is a general lack of liquidity in the secondary market for 
instruments similar to the Notes. Such lack of liquidity may result in investors suffering losses on the 
Notes in secondary resales even if there is no decline in the credit strength of the Issuer or the 
performance of the Collateral Security Assets. In circumstances where Notes are not admitted to trading 
on any market and/or are distributed on a non-syndicated basis as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the risk that no active trading market develops is significantly accrued. 
As a consequence, investors may not be able to sell, transfer or dispose of their Notes easily (in 
particular if some of the holders of the Notes would have exercised a Put Option, in case such an option 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms) or at prices that will provide them with their anticipated yield 
or with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. The price at 
which a Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could 
be substantial and adverse, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such investor. This could 
have a material adverse impact on the Noteholders and, as a result, investors could lose all or part of 
their investment in the Notes and receive significantly less than the total amount of capital invested. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the likelihood of such risk happening is very 
likely and that the impact of such risk could be high. 
(b) 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks and may be lowered, suspended, withdrawn 
or not maintained 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. At the date of 
this Base Prospectus, the Notes to be issued under the Programme are expected to be rated AAA by 
S&P and Aaa by Moody's. The rating of the Notes is specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Following the date of this Base Prospectus, credit rating agencies may revise or withdraw the credit 
ratings assigned to the Notes as a result of changes in their practices. If any rating assigned to the Notes 
were to be subsequently revised, lowered, suspended or withdrawn, this may adversely affect the market 
value of the Notes, and as a result, Noteholders could lose part of their investment in the Notes.  
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the likelihood of such risk happening is unlikely 
and that the impact of such risk could be high.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
(c) 
Risks related to exchange rate and exchange controls 
This Programme allows for Notes to be issued in a Specified Currency as defined in Condition 8(b). 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in 
a currency or currency unit (the Investor's Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include 
the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the 
Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with 
jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in 
the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's 
Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal 
payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest 
or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the likelihood of such risk happening is unlikely 
and that the impact of such risk could be low. 
2. RISKS FOR NOTEHOLDERS AS CREDITORS OF THE ISSUER 
(a) 
Collective decisions affecting the Conditions of the Notes may be binding on all 
Noteholders 
Pursuant to Condition 11 and as specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Noteholders may, in respect 
of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests in a 
full masse or a contractual masse. The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for collective 
decisions to consider matters affecting their interests generally to be adopted either through a general 
meeting (the General Meeting) or by consent following a written consultation (the Written 
Resolution) (but if the relevant Final Terms specify “No Masse”, Noteholders will not be grouped in a 
masse having legal personality governed by the provisions of the French Code de commerce and will 
not be represented by a representative of the masse). The Conditions permit in certain cases defined 
majorities to bind all Noteholders of Notes including Noteholders of Notes who did not attend and vote 
at the relevant meeting or did not consent to the Written Resolution and Noteholders of Notes who 
voted in a manner contrary to the majority. Collective decisions may deliberate on proposal relating to 
the modification of the Conditions including any proposal, whether for arbitration or settlement, relating 
to rights in controversy or which were the subject of judicial decisions, as more fully described in 
Condition 11. 
If the Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes would need to be amended by way of a General 
Meeting or Written Resolution during the life of the Notes, if such a General Meeting were to take place 
or such a Written Resolution were to be taken, it is possible that a majority of Noteholders could adopt 
a decision that would modify the Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes in a way that could 
impair or limit the rights of the Noteholders. However, the likelihood of a majority of Noteholders 
adopting a decision that would have a significant adverse effect on the Noteholders should not be 
overplayed. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the likelihood of such risk happening is unlikely 
and that the impact of such risk could be high.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
(b) 
Risk related to French Insolvency Laws 
The Issuer, as a société anonyme, is subject to French insolvency laws and proceedings. Under French 
insolvency law, holders of debt securities are automatically grouped into a single assembly of holders 
(the Assembly) in order to defend their common interests if a safeguard proceedings (procédure de 
sauvegarde), an accelerated safeguard proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde accélérée) or a judicial 
reorganisation or liquidation proceedings (procédure de redressement ou de liquidation judiciaires) is 
opened in France with respect to the Issuer.  
The Directive (EU) 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and 
disqualifications, and on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, 
insolvency and discharge of debt, and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 was implemented into 
French law by Ordonnance 2021-1193 dated 15 September 2021. Such ordonnance, applicable as from 
1st October 2021, amends French insolvency laws notably with regard to the process of adoption of 
restructuring plans under insolvency proceedings. According to this ordonnance, "affected parties" 
(including notably creditors, and therefore the Noteholders) are treated in separate classes which reflect 
certain class formation criteria for the purpose of adopting a restructuring plan. Classes are formed in 
such a way that each class comprises claims or interests with rights that reflect a sufficient commonality 
of interest based on verifiable criteria. Noteholders do no longer deliberate on the proposed restructuring 
plan in a separate assembly, meaning that they do no longer benefit from a specific veto power on this 
plan. Instead, as any other affected parties, the Noteholders are grouped into one or several classes (with 
potentially other types of creditors) and their dissenting vote may possibly be overridden (i) by a cram 
down inside their class if grouped with other creditors or (ii) by a cross-class cram down between 
classes. However, since the Issuer is a French société de crédit foncier, the opening of any amicable 
pre-insolvency proceedings or court- administered insolvency proceedings is subject to the Autorité de 
contrôle prudentiel et de résolution’s prior assent (avis conforme). 
In addition, the Issuer, as a specialised credit institution (établissement de crédit spécialisé), is also 
subject to the provisions of Articles L.613-25 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier. These 
provisions include in particular specific rules on the opening of an insolvency proceeding against the 
Issuer, the involvement of the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution in the event of bankruptcy 
of the Issuer, specific concepts of suspension of payment (cessation des paiements) for the Issuer and 
some specific rules of liquidation for the Issuer.  
Both the scopes of the Directive (EU) 2019/1023 and the Ordonnance 2021-1193 do not cover financial 
institutions, unless the competent authority chooses to make them applicable. In such a case, the 
application of French insolvency law to a specialised credit institution as the Issuer is also subject to 
the prior permission of the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution before the opening of any 
safeguard, judicial reorganisation or liquidation procedures. This limitation will affect the ability of the 
Noteholders to recover their investments in the Notes. 
The commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer could have a material adverse effect 
on the market value of the Notes. Any decisions taken by the Assembly could substantially impact the 
Noteholders and even cause them to lose all or part of their investment, should they not be able to 
recover amounts due to them from the Issuer. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the likelihood of such risk happening is very 
unlikely and that the impact of such risk could be high.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
(c) 
Resolution procedures under the european recovery and resolution framework may 
have a limited impact on the Notes 
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 provides for the 
establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms, as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 (the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive or the BRRD), was 
implemented in France by several legislative texts, to provide authorities with a credible set of tools to 
intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing relevant entity. Although this resolution 
regime does not affect the statutory financial support mechanism provided in Article L.511-31 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier, as applied to the institutions that are part of the Crédit Agricole 
Network (as defined in article R.512-18 of the same code, i.e. the Regional Banks, the Local Banks, 
Crédit Agricole S.A. itself (as the central body) and its affiliates members which are, as of the date 
hereof, Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank and BforBank). Credit Agricole S.A. believes 
that, in practice, this statutory financial support mechanism would be exercised prior to the 
implementation of any resolution measures and that the commencement of a resolution procedure with 
respect to the Crédit Agricole Group would thus imply that the statutory financial support mechanism 
was insufficient to address the failure of one or more members of the Crédit Agricole network, and 
hence of the Crédit Agricole Network as a whole. However, the application of the resolution regime to 
Crédit Agricole Group is likely to limit the cases in which a demand for payment may be made under 
the 1988 Guarantee, insofar as the statutory financial support mechanism would be applied before a 
resolution procedure is commenced and resolution measures would diminish the risk of liquidation or 
dissolution of the Credit Agricole Group. 
If the Issuer is determined to be failing or likely to fail within the meaning of, and under the conditions 
set by the BRRD, and the relevant resolution authority applies any, or a combination, of the BRRD 
resolution tools (e.g. sale of business, creation of a bridge institution, asset separation or bail-in), any 
shortfall from the sale of the Issuer’s assets may lead to a partial reduction in the outstanding amount 
of certain claims of unsecured creditors of the Issuer (including, as the case may be, the Notes) or, in a 
worst case scenario, a reduction to zero. The unsecured debt claims of the Issuer (including, as the case 
may be, the Notes) might also be converted into equity or other instruments of ownership, in accordance 
with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings, which equity or other instruments could 
also be subject to any future cancellation, transfer or dilution by application of the bail-in tool. The 
BRRD also provides that the relevant resolution authority can modify the terms and conditions of any 
outstanding unsecured debt instruments (including, as the case may be, the Notes) (including altering 
the maturity and/or the amount of interest payable and/or imposing a temporary suspension on 
payments). Financial public support should only be used as a last resort after having assessed and 
exploited, to the maximum extent practicable, the above resolution tools, including the bail-in tool. 
Article L.613-55-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier expressly provides that the relevant 
resolution authority shall not exercise any write down or conversion powers in relation to secured 
liabilities (such as the Issuer Advances), including covered bonds (such as the Notes), save for the 
portion of the secured liabilities exceeding the value of the collateral granted as security. Relevant 
claims could still include the claims of the Noteholders in respect of the Notes but only if and to the 
extent that the covered bond liabilities exceeded the value of the cover pool collateral against which it 
is secured. In this respect it is worth noting that the value of the collateral granted as security exceeds 
the portion of the secured liabilities, the over-collateralisation Ratio of the Issuer being at 154.2% as of 
31 December 2022.  
Moreover, it results from the provisions of Article L.613-50-4 of the French Code monétaire et financier 
provides that the sole existence of a resolution measure taken over the Borrower cannot trigger the 
termination of the Issuer Facility Agreement and the enforcement of the Collateral Security as long as

--- Page 28 ---
28 
its material obligations under the Issuer Facility Agreement continue to be performed by the Borrower. 
Moreover, save for the protection of the availability of funds benefiting from the guarantee of the French 
fonds de garantie des dépôts et des résolution as provided by Article L.613-57-1 V of the French Code 
monétaire et financier, pursuant to Article L.613-57-1 III of the French Code monétaire et financier, 
the secured liabilities cannot be transferred to another entity separately from the related collateral 
arrangements. The exercise of any power under the BRRD as implemented under French Law or any 
suggestion of such exercise could have a limited impact on the rights of the Noteholders as well as on 
the price value of their investment in any Notes. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the likelihood of such risk happening is very 
unlikely and that the impact of such risk could be low. 
(d) 
The Issuer has no gross-up obligation to account for withholding taxes 
Pursuant to Condition 9, if any law should require that any payments in respect of any Note or Coupon 
be subject to withholding or deduction in respect of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature, the Issuer will not be required to pay any additional amounts 
in respect of such withholding or deduction. Therefore, the corresponding risk shall be borne by the 
Noteholders or, if applicable, the Couponholders. Noteholders or, if applicable, Couponholders may 
receive less than the full amount due, and the market value of such Notes will be adversely affected. As 
a result, they could lose part of their investment in the Notes. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the likelihood of such risk happening is very 
unlikely and that the impact of such risk could be low. 
(e) 
The Notes may not benefit from the “European Covered Bond (Premium)” label 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer benefits from the "European Covered Bond 
(Premium)" label (label "obligation garantie européenne de qualité supérieure") and Notes to be issued 
under the Programme are eligible to the "European Covered Bond (Premium)" label (label "obligation 
garantie européenne de qualité supérieure"). 
The "European Covered Bond (Premium)" label for issuances of obligations foncières or other 
resources benefiting from the Privilège is based on compliance with the SCF Legal Framework and the 
provisions of Article 129 of Regulation (EU) no. 575/2013 dated 26 June 2013 (as amended). 
Notes to be issued under the Programme may not be allowed to use the “European Covered Bond 
(Premium)” label until their Maturity Date. As a result, investors should regularly check the current 
label status in respect of any given Series of Notes on the website of the ACPR. 
Any non compliance, absence, delay in obtention or withdrawal of the “European Covered Bond 
(Premium)” label in respect of any Series of Notes may adversely affect the value of the outstanding 
Notes, increase the Issuer’s cost of borrowing and adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to issue new 
Notes. As a result, investors could lose part of their investment in the Notes. Such events may also have 
a negative impact on the prudential treatment of the investment for the investors, in particular credit 
institutions. 
3. RISKS RELATED TO THE STRUCTURE OF A PARTICULAR ISSUE OF NOTES 
Notes issued under the Programme will either be fungible with an existing Series or have different terms 
to an existing Series (in which case they will constitute a new Series). All Notes issued from time to 
time will rank pari passu with each other in all respects and will benefit equally from the Privilège.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of such material 
features: 
a. 
Risks related to the Interest Rate applicable to the Notes 
i. 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Condition 6(b) allows the Issuer to issue Notes that pay a fixed rate of interest to Noteholders. 
Investment in Notes which bear interest at a fixed rate involves the risk that interest rates prevailing in 
the covered bond market for comparable fixed rate covered bonds increase above the rate paid on the 
relevant Tranche of Notes, which may adversely affect the value of such Tranche of Notes. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the likelihood of such risk happening is very 
likely and that the impact of such risk could be high. 
ii. 
Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 6(c) allows the Issuer to issue Notes that pay a floating rate of interest to Noteholders. A key 
difference between Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Notes is that interest income on Floating Rate 
Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, investors are not able to determine a 
definite yield of Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, so that their return on investment 
cannot be compared with that of investments having longer fixed interest periods. If the terms and 
conditions of the Notes provide for frequent interest payment dates, investors are exposed to the 
reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. That is, investors may reinvest the interest income 
paid to them only at the relevant lower interest rates then prevailing. It is difficult to anticipate future 
market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have a negative effect on the yield of 
Floating Rate Notes and give rise to reinvestment risk. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the likelihood of such risk happening is very 
likely and that the impact of such risk could be low. 
iii. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
In accordance with Condition 6(d), the Issuer may issue Fixed/Floating Notes with a change of interest 
basis as specified in the relevant applicable Final Terms. Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest 
at a rate (i) that will automatically convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to 
a fixed rate (including in relation to “Soft Bullet Notes” for which the Maturity Date may be extended 
automatically to the Extended Maturity Date upon the occurrence of a Maturity Extension Trigger Event 
or (ii) that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to 
a fixed rate, in each case on the date set out in the Final Terms. If a fixed rate is converted to a floating 
rate, the spread on the Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable 
Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may 
be lower than the rates on other Notes. If a floating rate is converted to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may 
be lower than then prevailing rates on the covered bond market for a comparable bond of the same 
maturity and credit rating. It is difficult to anticipate market volatility in interest rates, but any such 
volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the secondary market and the market value of the 
Notes. Investors should also refer to the risk factors relating to Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate 
Notes. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the likelihood of such risk happening is unlikely 
and that the impact of such risk could be high.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
iv. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value 
of Notes linked to or referencing such "benchmarks" 
In accordance with the provisions of Condition 6(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes), the Rate of 
Interest in respect of the Notes may be determined by reference to Reference Rates that constitute 
“benchmarks” for the purpose of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of 8 June 2016 on indices used as 
benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of 
investment funds (as amended, the Benchmark Regulation). 
Interest rates which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (including EURIBOR) are the subject of ongoing 
national, international, regulatory guidance and other proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are 
already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks 
to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, to be subject to revised calculation methods, 
or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material 
adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such a "benchmark".  
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 6(c)(iii)(C)(b)(z) which seeks to offset any adverse effects 
for the Noteholders, the Benchmark Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes which pay 
a floating rate of interest (including Floating Rate Notes and Fixed/Floating Rate Notes). In particular, 
if the methodology or other terms of such "benchmark" (including EURIBOR) are changed in order to 
comply with the requirements of the Benchmark Regulation, such changes could, among other things, 
have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the level or volatility of such benchmark. 
In addition, market participants may be discouraged from continuing to administer or contribute to such 
"benchmark" and the rules or methodologies of the "benchmarks" may change, which may lead to the 
disappearance of such "benchmark". Any of these changes could have a material adverse effect on the 
value of and return on any Notes linked to a "benchmark". 
If the relevant Reference Rate ceases to be calculated or administered and no alternative base rate is 
identified, this may result in the relevant reference rate no longer being available or being subject to 
replacement as described in "“Benchmark” discontinuation" below, and the interest rate on such Notes 
will accrue at the last relevant rate plus the Margin, effectively converting such Notes into fixed rate 
instruments. 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 has 
amended the existing provisions of the Benchmark Regulation by extending the transitional provisions 
applicable to material benchmarks and third-country benchmarks until the end of 2021. The existing 
provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation were further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021 published in the Official Journal of the 
European Union on 12 February 2021 (the Amending Regulation). The Amending Regulation 
introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-down of certain Benchmarks by 
conferring on the European Commission the power to designate a statutory replacement for certain 
benchmarks, resulting in such benchmarks being replaced in contracts and financial instruments that 
have not been renegotiated before the date of cessation of the relevant benchmarks and contain either 
no contractual replacement (or so-called “fallback provision”) or a fallback provision which is deemed 
unsuitable by the European Commission or competent national authorities (Article 23b of the 
Benchmarks Regulation). These provisions could have a negative impact on the value or liquidity of, 
and return on, certain Notes issued under the Programme linked to or referencing such benchmark in 
the event that the fallback provisions included in the Condition 6(c)(iii)(C)(b)(z) of the Terms and 
Conditions are deemed unsuitable. However, there are still uncertainties about the exact implementation 
of this provision pending the implementing acts of the European Commission. In addition, the 
Amending Regulation extended the transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks until 
the end of 2023 and empowered the European Commission to further extend this transitional period

--- Page 31 ---
31 
until the end of 2025, if necessary. Such developments may create uncertainty regarding any future 
legislative or regulatory requirements arising from the implementation of delegated regulations. 
In addition, the transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks are extended until the 
end of 2023. The Commission is empowered to further extend this period until the end of 2025, if 
necessary. The Amending Regulation applies as of 13 February 2021. 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes to "benchmarks" as a result of European 
Union, or other international, national, or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or 
investigations, or any further uncertainty in relation to the timing and manner of implementation of such 
changes could have a negative impact on the trading market for, value of and return on the Notes. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the likelihood of such risk happening in relation 
to the Notes is unlikely and that the impact of such risk on the Notes could be high. 
v. 
“Benchmark” discontinuation 
Pursuant to Condition 6(c)(iii)(C)(b)(z) which applies to any Notes which pay a floating rate of interest 
(including Floating Rate Notes and Fixed/Floating Rate Notes), where Screen Rate Determination is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, if 
the relevant reference rate has been discontinued, the fallback arrangements referenced in the Terms 
and Conditions will include the possibility that: 
(i) 
the relevant rate of interest (or, as applicable, component thereof) could be set or, as 
the case may be, determined by reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate (as 
applicable) determined by a Reference Rate Determination Agent appointed by the 
Issuer; and  
(ii) 
such successor rate or alternative rate (as applicable) may be adjusted (if required) by 
the relevant Reference Rate Determination Agent.  
No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting any successor rate or 
alternative rate (as applicable) or with any other related adjustments and/or amendments to the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes (or any other document) which are made in order to effect any successor 
rate or alternative rate (as applicable).  
In certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback for a particular Interest Period, including where no 
successor rate or alternative rate (as applicable) is determined, may be equal to the last Original 
Reference Rate available on the relevant screen page (plus or minus the Margin, as applicable, if any) 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for 
Floating Rate Notes or Fixed/Floating Rate Notes (as applicable). Holders may in such circumstances 
be materially affected and receive a lower interest as they would have expected if a Reference Rate 
Determination Agent had been appointed by the Issuer or if such Reference Rate Determination Agent 
had not failed to make a determination.  
It is possible that, if a Reference Rate is discontinued, it will take some time before a clear successor 
rate is established in the market. Accordingly, the Terms and Conditions of the Floating Rate Notes and 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes provide as an ultimate fallback that, following the designation of a 
replacement rate, if the rate determination agent appointed by the relevant Issuer considers that such 
replacement rate is no longer substantially comparable to the Reference Rate or does not constitute an 
industry accepted successor rate, the Issuer will re-appoint a rate determination agent (which may or 
may not be the same entity as the original rate determination agent) for the purposes of confirming the 
replacement rate or determining a substitute replacement rate (despite the continued existence of the

--- Page 32 ---
32 
initial replacement rate). Any such substitute replacement rate, once designated pursuant to the Terms 
and Conditions, will apply to the affected Notes without the consent of their holders. This could impact 
the rate of interest on and trading value of the affected Notes. In addition, any holders of such Notes 
that enter into hedging instruments based on the original replacement rate may find their hedges to be 
ineffective, and they may incur costs replacing such hedges with instruments tied to the new 
replacement rate. In the event the initial replacement rate is confirmed, such replacement rate may prove 
to be no longer comparable to the Reference Rate and may differ from other potential industry accepted 
successor rates, which could negatively impact the trading value of the affected Notes. 
The successor or alternative rate (as applicable) may have no or very limited trading history and 
accordingly its general evolution and/or interaction with other relevant market forces or elements may 
be difficult to determine or measure. In addition, given the uncertainty concerning the availability of 
successor or alternative rate (as applicable) and the involvement of a Reference Rate Determination 
Agent, the fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time and the successor or 
alternative rate (as applicable) may perform differently from the discontinued benchmark. These could 
significantly affect the performance of a successor or alternative rate (as applicable) compared to the 
historical and expected performance of EURIBOR.  
Any adjustment to the successor or alternative rate (as applicable) might not be favorable to the 
Noteholders. This could in turn impact the rate of interest on, and trading value of, the affected Notes. 
Moreover, any holders of Notes that enter into hedging instruments based on the relevant reference rate 
may find their hedges to be ineffective, and may incur costs replacing such hedges with instruments 
tied to the successor or alternative rate (as applicable). Any such consequences could have a material 
adverse effect on the liquidity and value of, and yield on, any such Notes or have other adverse effects 
or unforeseen consequences. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the likelihood of such risk happening is unlikely 
and that the impact of such risk could be high. 
vi. 
Zero Coupon Notes 
In accordance with Condition 6 (e), the Issuer may issue Zero Coupon Notes. Changes in market interest 
rates have a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero Coupon Notes than on the prices of 
ordinary Notes because the discounted issue prices are substantially below par. If market interest rates 
increase, Zero Coupon Notes can suffer higher price losses than other Notes having the same maturity 
and credit rating. Due to their leverage effect, Zero Coupon Notes are a type of investment associated 
with a particularly high price risk. Therefore, in similar market conditions the holders of Zero Coupon 
Notes could be subject to higher losses on their investments than the holders of other instruments such 
as Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the likelihood of such risk happening is unlikely 
and that the impact of such risk could be low. 
b. 
Risks related to issue price and redemption of the Notes 
i. 
Soft Bullet Notes 
In accordance with Condition 7(a), the Issuer may issue Soft Bullet Notes. The Maturity Date of the 
Soft Bullet Notes may be extended automatically to the Extended Maturity Date upon the occurrence 
of a Maturity Extension Trigger Event. In that case, the payment of the Final Redemption Amount shall 
be automatically deferred and shall become due and payable one (1) year later on the Extended Maturity 
Date if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, provided that all or part of the Final Redemption

--- Page 33 ---
33 
Amount unpaid on the Maturity Date may be paid by the Issuer on any Specified Interest Payment Date 
occurring thereafter up to and including the relevant Extended Maturity Date. Interest will continue to 
accrue on any unpaid amount during such extended period at the relevant newly applicable Rate of 
Interest (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) and be payable on each Specified Interest Payment 
Date and on the Extended Maturity Date all as specified in the relevant Final Terms and in accordance 
with the applicable Conditions. In addition, the situation of the Issuer might adversely change between 
the Maturity Date and the Extended Maturity Date. As a result, investors may not be repaid in full at 
the Maturity Date but at the Extended Maturity Date and the market value of the Notes between the 
Maturity Date and the Extended Maturity Date might be significantly affected. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the likelihood of such risk happening is very 
unlikely and that the impact of such risk could be high. 
ii. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium  
The issue price of any specific Series of Notes will be determined in the relevant Final Terms. The 
Notes may be issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount. The market value 
of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount, such as Zero 
Coupon Notes, tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
conventional interest-bearing securities. If market interest rates increase, such Notes can suffer higher 
price losses than other conventional interest-bearing Notes having the same maturity and credit rating. 
It is difficult to anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have an 
adverse effect on the value of the Notes. Therefore, holders of Notes issued at a substantial discount or 
premium could be exposed to greater losses on their investment than holders of conventional interest-
bearing securities. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the likelihood of such risk happening is unlikely 
and that the impact of such risk could be low. 
iii. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
The Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes may provide for a Call Option allowing to proceed to 
an early redemption at the option of the Issuer in accordance with Condition 7(b). Such right of 
redemption is often provided for securities issued in periods of high interest rates. If the market interest 
rates decrease, the risk that the Issuer will exercise its right of redemption increases for the Noteholders. 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when 
the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any 
redemption period. As a consequence of early redemption, the yields received upon redemption may be 
lower than expected, and the redeemed face amount of the Notes may be lower than the purchase price 
for the Notes paid by the Noteholder, especially if the investors acquired the Notes when they were 
trading above par. In such a case, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may 
only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. This could have an effect on the Noteholders who 
could lose part of their investment in the Notes. Prospective investors should consider reinvestment risk 
in light of other investments available at that time.  
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the likelihood of such risk happening is very 
unlikely and that the impact of such risk could be low.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
iv. 
Notes may be redeemed after their Maturity Date  
Pursuant to Condition 7(a)(Final Redemption) and if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, upon the 
occurrence of a Maturity Extension Trigger Event, the Maturity Date of the Notes shall be extended 
automatically to the Extended Maturity Date. In that case, the payment of the Final Redemption Amount 
shall be automatically deferred and shall become due and payable on the Extended Maturity Date as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, provided that all or part of the Final Redemption Amount unpaid 
on the Maturity Date may be paid by the Issuer on any Specified Interest Payment Date occurring 
thereafter up to and including the relevant Extended Maturity Date. Interest will continue to accrue on 
any unpaid amount during such extended period at the relevant applicable Rate of Interest (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) and be payable on each Specified Interest Payment Date and on the 
Extended Maturity Date all as specified in the relevant Final Terms and in accordance with the 
applicable Terms and Conditions. 
The extension of the maturity of the Notes from the Maturity Date to the Extended Maturity Date will 
not result in any right of the Noteholders to accelerate payments or take action against the Issuer and 
will result in a delay of payments of principal on the relevant Notes.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
CONDITIONS ATTACHED TO THE CONSENT OF THE ISSUER TO USE THE BASE 
PROSPECTUS 
 
In the context of any offer of French law Notes from time to time in France that is not within an 
exemption from the requirement to publish a prospectus under Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation 
(a Non-exempt Offer), the Issuer consents to the use of the Base Prospectus as so supplemented in 
connection with a Non-exempt Offer of any Notes during the offer period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (the Offer Period) and in France by: 
(1) subject to conditions set out in the relevant Final Terms, any financial intermediary 
designated in such Final Terms; or 
(2) if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, any financial intermediary which satisfies 
the following conditions: (a) acts in accordance with all applicable laws, rules, 
regulations and guidance of any applicable regulatory bodies (the Rules), from time to 
time including, without limitation and in each case, Rules relating to both the 
appropriateness or suitability of any investment in the Notes by any person and 
disclosure to any potential investor; (b) complies with the restrictions set out under 
“Plan of Distribution” in the Base Prospectus which would apply as if it were a Dealer; 
(c) complies with the target market and distribution channels identified under the 
“MiFID II Product Governance” legend set out in the relevant Final Terms; (d) ensures 
that any fee (and any commissions or benefits of any kind) received or paid by that 
financial intermediary in relation to the offer or sale of the Notes is fully and clearly 
disclosed to investors or potential investors; (e) holds all licences, consents, approvals 
and permissions required in connection with solicitation of interest in, or offers or sales 
of, the Notes under the Rules; (f) retains investor identification records for at least the 
minimum period required under applicable Rules, and shall, if so requested, make such 
records available to the relevant Dealer(s) and the Issuer or directly to the appropriate 
authorities with jurisdiction over the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer(s) in order to 
enable the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer(s) to comply with anti-money laundering, 
antibribery, anti-corruption and “know your client” rules applying to the Issuer and/or 
the relevant Dealer(s); (g) does not, directly or indirectly, cause the Issuer or the 
relevant Dealer(s) to breach any Rule or any requirement to obtain or make any filing, 
authorisation or consent in any jurisdiction; and (h) satisfies any further conditions 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (in each case an Authorised Offeror). For the 
avoidance of doubt, none of the Dealers or the Issuer shall have any obligation to ensure 
that an Authorised Offeror complies with applicable laws and regulations and shall 
therefore have no liability in this respect. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility, in France, for the content of the Base Prospectus in relation to any 
person (an Investor) in France to whom an offer of any Notes is made by any Authorised Offeror and 
where the offer is made during the period for which that consent is given. However, neither the Issuer 
nor any Dealer has any responsibility for any of the actions of any Authorised Offeror, including 
compliance by an Authorised Offeror with applicable conduct of business rules or other local regulatory 
requirements or other securities law requirements in relation to such offer. 
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods (if any) occurring within 12 months from the date 
of the approval of the Base Prospectus by the AMF.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
In the event the relevant Final Terms designate Authorised Offeror(s) to whom the Issuer has given its 
consent to use the Base Prospectus during an Offer Period, the Issuer may also give consent to additional 
financial intermediary(ies) (also an Authorised Offeror) after the date of the relevant Final Terms and, 
if it does so, it will publish any new information in relation to such Authorised Offerors who are 
unknown at the time of the approval of the Base Prospectus or the filing of the relevant Final Terms on 
its website (https://www.credit-agricole.com/finance/dette-et-notations/emissions-marche/ca-public-
sector-scf-covered-bonds). 
If the Final Terms specify that any Authorised Offeror may use the Base Prospectus during the 
Offer Period, any such Authorised Offeror is required, for the duration of the Offer Period, to 
publish on its website that it is using the Base Prospectus for the relevant Non-exempt Offer with 
the consent of the Issuer and in accordance with the conditions attached thereto. 
Other than as set out above, neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers has authorised the making of any 
Non-exempt Offer by any person in any circumstances and such person is not permitted to use the Base 
Prospectus in connection with its offer of any Notes. Any such offers are not made on behalf of the 
Issuer or by any of the Dealers or Authorised Offerors and none of the Issuer or any of the Dealers or 
Authorised Offerors has any responsibility or liability for the actions of any person making such offers. 
An Investor intending to acquire or acquiring any Notes from an Authorised Offeror will do so, and 
offers and sales of the Notes to an Investor by an Authorised Offeror will be made, in accordance with 
any terms and other arrangements in place between such Authorised Offeror and such Investor including 
as to price allocations and settlement arrangements (the Terms and Conditions of the Non-exempt 
Offer). The Issuer will not be a party to any such arrangements with Investors (other than Dealers) in 
connection with the offer or sale of the Notes and, accordingly, the Base Prospectus and any Final 
Terms will not contain such information. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Non-exempt Offer shall be provided to Investors by that 
Authorised Offeror at the time of the Non-exempt Offer. Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers 
or other Authorised Offerors has any responsibility or liability for such information.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
STRUCTURE DIAGRAM 
The sole activity of the Issuer is to issue Notes from time to time that benefit from the Privilège, as 
described in this Base Prospectus, and to use the proceeds thereof to fund the Issuer Advances, as lender, 
to Crédit Agricole S.A., as borrower under the Issuer Facility Agreement, guaranteed by Collateral 
Security Assets to be transferred as security (remis en pleine propriété à titre de garantie) by the 
Borrower to the Issuer in accordance with Article L.211-38 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et 
financier under the Issuer Collateral Security Agreement. Each Issuer Advance shall be made available 
in the same specified currency and according to the same interest and other conditions to those 
applicable to the Notes funding such Issuer Advance. 
The Issuer Advances will be made available to the Borrower for the purpose of funding Borrower 
Advances to be made available by the Borrower to each Originator (as borrowers) under a Borrower 
Facility Agreement, guaranteed by Collateral Security Assets to be transferred as security (remis en 
pleine propriété à titre de garantie) by each Originator to the Borrower in accordance with Article 
L.211-38 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier under a Borrower Collateral Security 
Agreement. Each Borrower Advance shall be made available in the same currency and according to the 
same interest and other conditions to those applicable to the corresponding Issuer Advance. 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank has been appointed by the Issuer pursuant to the Master 
Servicing Agreement to carry out, as Servicer on behalf of the Issuer and in accordance with Article 
L.513-15 of the French Code monétaire et financier, the administration and recovery of the Collateral 
Security Assets transferred, from time to time, by the Borrower to the Issuer pursuant to the Issuer 
Collateral Security Agreement. 
The terms and conditions regarding the calculation and payment of principal and interest under an Issuer 
Advance mirror the equivalent terms and conditions of the Notes funding such Issuer Advance. 
Consequently, the Issuer is not exposed to any risk of an interest rate or currency mismatch arising 
between the payments received on the Issuer Advances and the payments to be made under the Notes. 
Therefore, absent the occurrence of certain Hedging Rating Trigger Events, the Issuer has no need to 
enter into hedging transactions. See "The Hedging Strategy". 
 
Noteholders
Crédit Agricole Public Sector SCF
(Issuer)
Crédit Agricole SA
(Borrower, Collateral Security Provider,
Borrower Hedging Counterparty,
Issuer Calculation Agent)
Originator
(Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank,
other subsidiaries of Crédit Agricole S.A.
or Crédit Agricole's regional banks)
Eligible Hedging 
Counterparty
CACEIS Corporate Trust
(Fiscal Agent, Principal 
Paying Agent)
Notes
and principal
and interest
under the Notes
Proceeds of
subscription of
the Notes
principal
and interest
under the
Issuer Advances
Proceeds of
Issuer
Advances
Borrower
Hedging Agreement
(upon the occurrence
of a Hedging Rating Trigger
Event)
Crédit Agricole Corporate 
and Investment Bank 
(Dealer, Servicer)
principal
and interest
under the
Borrower Advances
Proceeds of
Borrower
Advances
Transfer of Collateral
Security Assets by way of
security
Transfer of Collateral
Security Assets by way of
security
Issuer Hedging Agreement
(upon the occurrence of a 
Hedging Rating
Trigger Event)

--- Page 38 ---
38 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
In connection with Notes traded on a Regulated Market, if, at any time during the duration of the 
Programme the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to the 
provisions of Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an 
appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of 
Notes in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. 
If at any time between the date on which this Base Prospectus has been approved and 15 June 2024, a 
significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information included in 
this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes arises or is noted, the Issuer shall 
be required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or a restated Base Prospectus (each a 
Supplement) pursuant to the provisions of Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. The Issuer will 
prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus which, in respect of any 
subsequent issue of Notes to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or on a Regulated 
Market of a member state of the European Economic Area, shall constitute a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus for the purpose of the relevant provisions of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer shall submit such Supplement to the AMF for approval and supply each Dealer, the AMF 
and Euronext Paris with such number of copies of such Supplement as may reasonably be requested. 
In accordance with and pursuant to Article 23.2 of the Prospectus Regulation, where the Notes are 
offered to the public, investors who have already agreed to purchase or subscribe for Notes before any 
supplement is published have the right, exercisable within two (2) working days after the publication 
of this supplement, to withdraw their acceptances provided that the new factor, material mistake or 
material inaccuracy referred to in Article 23.1 of the Prospectus Regulation arose or was noted before 
the final closing of the offer period or the delivery of the Notes, whichever occurs first. That period may 
be extended by the Issuer or, if any, the relevant Authorised Offeror(s). The final date of the right of 
withdrawal shall be stated in the supplement. 
On 15 June 2024, this Base Prospectus, as supplemented (as the case may be), will expire and the 
obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes 
or material inaccuracies will no longer apply.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the sections listed below 
included in the following documents which have been previously or simultaneously published and filed 
with the AMF as competent authority in France for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation: 
(1) 
the Issuer's annual financial report for the year ended 31 December 2022 (in the French 
language), including the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 together 
with the statutory auditors' report thereon (the 2022 Financial Statements); 
https://www.credit-agricole.com/pdfPreview/198027 
(2) 
the Issuer's annual financial report for the year ended 31 December 2021 (in the French 
language), including the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 together 
with the statutory auditors' report thereon (the 2021 Financial Statements). 
https://www.credit-agricole.com/pdfPreview/193451  
Such information shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus save 
that any statement contained in the information which is deemed to be incorporated by reference herein 
shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that 
a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by 
implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so 
modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (and the French version of 
such documents) may be obtained without charge from the registered office of the Issuer and the website 
of the Issuer (https://www.credit-agricole.com/finance/finance/dette-et-notation/emissions-marche/ca-
public-sector-scf-covered-bonds).  
For the avoidance of doubt no information or documents available at the Issuer website, other than the 
the 2022 Financial Statements and the 2021 Financial Statements, shall be incorporated herein by 
reference. Unless otherwise explicitly incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus in accordance 
with the list above, the information contained in the website of the Issuer shall not be deemed 
incorporated by reference herein and is for information purposes only. Therefore it does not form part 
of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AMF. 
The cross-reference table below set out the relevant page references for the information incorporated 
herein by reference. Any information not listed in the cross-reference table but included in the 
documents incorporated by reference is either not relevant for the investor or covered elsewhere in the 
Base Prospectus. 
 
Annex 6 of the Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980 
Information regarding the Issuer 
2022 Financial Statements 
(page numbers) 
2021 Financial Statements 
(page numbers) 
 
11. 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER’S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES  
11.1. 
Historical financial information

--- Page 40 ---
40 
11.1.1 
Audited 
historical 
financial 
information covering the latest two 
financial years (or such shorter 
period as the issuer has been in 
operation) and the audit report in 
respect of each year. 
73-96 
70-93 
11.1.3 
Accounting Standards 
86 
83 
11.1.5 
Where 
the 
audited 
financial 
information is prepared according 
to national accounting standards, 
the financial information required 
under this heading must include at 
least the following:  
(a) the balance sheet; 
(b) the income statement; 
(c) the cash flow statements; 
(d) the accounting policies and 
explanatory notes. 
 
 
 
80-81 
83 
84 
85-96 
 
 
 
77-78 
80 
81 
82-93 
 
11.1.7. 
Age of financial information  
The balance sheet date of the last 
year 
of 
audited 
financial 
information statements may not be 
older than 18 months from the date 
of the registration document. 
72 
69 
11.3 
Auditing 
of 
historical 
annual 
financial information 
73-77 
70-74 
 
* The Issuer does not prepare consolidated financial statements.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the terms and conditions that, in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Final 
Terms, shall be applicable to Notes (the Conditions). In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the text of 
the terms and conditions will not be endorsed on physical documents of title but will be constituted by 
the following text as supplemented by the relevant Final Terms. In the case of Materialised Notes, either 
(i) the full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant provisions of the Final Terms 
(and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions) or (ii) these terms and 
conditions as so completed shall be endorsed on Definitive Materialised Notes. All capitalised terms 
that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final 
Terms. References in the Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes of one (1) Series only, not to all Notes 
that may be issued under the Programme. 
The Notes are French obligations foncières under articles L.513-2 to L.513-27 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier that are issued by Crédit Agricole Public Sector SCF (the Issuer). The Issuer is 
licensed as a specialised credit institution (établissement de crédit spécialisé) with the status of a société 
de crédit foncier by the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution (the ACPR), and is governed 
by Articles L. 513-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier, as they have been amended by 
the entry into force of the relevant provisions of the decree-law (ordonnance) no. 2021-858 dated 30 
June 2021 which implements under French law Directive (EU) no. 2019/2162 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council dated 27 November 2019 on the issue of covered bonds and covered 
bond public supervision and amending Directives 2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU. 
The Notes are issued in series (each a Series) having one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise 
identical (or identical save as to the first payment of interest), the Notes of each Series being intended 
to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a 
Tranche) on the same or different issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (including, without 
limitation, the aggregate nominal amount, issue price, redemption price thereof, and interest, if any, 
payable thereunder) will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of the issue 
and will be set out in the final terms of such Tranche (the Final Terms). 
The Notes are issued with the benefit of an agency agreement dated 16 June 2023, as amended or 
supplemented from time to time (the Agency Agreement) between the Issuer, Uptevia as fiscal agent 
and principal paying agent and Crédit Agricole S.A. as calculation agent. The fiscal agent, the paying 
agents and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the 
Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent) and the Calculation 
Agent. The holders of the interest coupons (the Coupons) relating to interest bearing Definitive 
Materialised Notes and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons (the Talons) for further 
Coupons are referred to below as the Couponholders. References below to Conditions are, unless the 
context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs below. 
1. 
Definitions 
Noteholder or, as the case may be, holder of any Notes means (a) in the case of Dematerialised 
Notes, the individual or entity whose name appears in the account of the relevant Account 
Holder, the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to such Notes 
and (b) in the case of Definitive Materialised Notes, the bearer of any Definitive Materialised 
Notes and the Coupons or Talons relating to it. 
EEA means the European Economic Area.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
outstanding means, in relation to the Notes of any Series, all the Notes issued other than (a) 
those that have been redeemed in accordance with these Conditions, (b) those in respect of 
which the date for redemption has occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest 
accrued on such Notes to the date for such redemption and any interest payable after such date) 
have been duly paid as provided in Condition 8, (c) those which have become void or in respect 
of which claims have become prescribed, (d) those which have been purchased and that are 
held or have been cancelled as provided in these Conditions, (e) in the case of Definitive 
Materialised Notes (i) those mutilated or defaced Definitive Materialised Notes that have been 
surrendered in exchange for replacement Definitive Materialised Notes, (ii) (for the purpose 
only of determining how many such Definitive Materialised Notes are outstanding and without 
prejudice to their status for any other purpose) those Definitive Materialised Notes alleged to 
have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of which replacement Definitive Materialised 
Notes have been issued and (iii) any Temporary Global Certificate to the extent that it shall 
have been exchanged for one or more Definitive Materialised Notes, pursuant to its provisions. 
Regulated Market means any regulated market situated in a Member State of the European 
Economic Area (EEA) (each a Relevant State) as defined in the Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended. 
2. 
Form, Denomination, Title and Redenomination 
(a) 
Form 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (Dematerialised Notes) or in materialised 
form (Materialised Notes), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with article L.211-3 et 
seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier by book-entries 
(inscriptions en compte). No physical document of title (including certificats 
représentatifs pursuant to article R.211-7 of the French Code monétaire et financier) 
will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer, in either bearer 
dematerialised form (au porteur), to be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France 
(acting as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of the Account Holders, 
or in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option 
of the relevant holder in either administered registered dematerialised form (au 
nominatif administré) inscribed in the books of an Account Holder designated by the 
relevant holder of Notes or in fully registered dematerialised form (au nominatif pur) 
inscribed in an account maintained by the Issuer or a registration agent (designated in 
the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer (the Registration Agent). 
For the purpose of these Conditions, Account Holder means any authorised financial 
intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts, directly or indirectly, with Euroclear 
France, and includes Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and the depositary bank for 
Clearstream Banking, société anonyme (Clearstream). 
(ii) 
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form only. Materialised Notes in definitive form 
(Definitive Materialised Notes) are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons 
(and, where appropriate, a Talon) attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in 
which case references to interest (other than in relation to interest due after the Maturity 
Date or the Extended Maturity Date, as the case may be), Coupons and Talons in these

--- Page 43 ---
43 
Conditions are not applicable. In accordance with article L.211-3 and R211-1 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier, securities (such as Notes constituting obligations 
under French law) in materialised form and governed by French law must be issued 
outside the French territory. 
The Notes shall constitute obligations within the meaning of Article L.213-5 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier. 
Materialised Notes and Dematerialised Notes may also be cleared through one or more 
clearing system(s) other than or in addition to Euroclear France, Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes may be Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes or Zero Coupon Notes. 
(b) 
Denomination 
Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) as set out in the relevant Final Terms 
(the Specified Denomination(s)) save that the minimum denomination of each Note will be 
such amount as may be allowed or required, from time to time, by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency.  
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
(c) 
Title 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) and in 
administered registered dematerialised form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, 
and transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in 
the accounts of the Account Holders. Title to Dematerialised Notes in fully registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may 
only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts maintained by the 
Issuer or by the Registration Agent. 
(ii) 
Title to Definitive Materialised Notes, including, where appropriate, Coupons and/or a 
Talon attached, shall pass by delivery. 
(iii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder 
of any Note, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute 
owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of 
ownership, or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall 
be liable for so treating the holder. 
(d) 
Redenomination 
The Issuer may (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), on any date, without the consent 
of the holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon, by giving at least thirty (30) days' notice in 
accordance with Condition 14 and on or after the date on which the European member state in 
whose national currency the Notes are denominated has become a participating member state 
in the single currency of the European Economic and Monetary Union (as provided in the 
Treaty establishing the European Community (the EC, as amended from time to time (the 
Treaty)) or events have occurred which have substantially the same effects (in either case, 
EMU), redenominate all, but not some only, of the Notes of any Series into Euro and adjust the

--- Page 44 ---
44 
aggregate principal amount and the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the relevant Final 
Terms accordingly, as described in the relevant Final Terms. 
3. 
Conversions and Exchanges of Notes 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer form (au porteur) may not be converted for 
Dematerialised Notes in registered form, whether in fully registered form (au nominatif 
pur) or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré). 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in registered form (au nominatif) may not be converted 
for Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur). 
(iii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered dematerialised form (au nominatif pur) 
may, at the option of the holder of such Notes, be converted into Notes in administered 
registered dematerialised form (au nominatif administré), and vice versa. The exercise 
of any such option by such holder shall be made in accordance with article R.211-4 of 
the French Code monétaire et financier. Any such conversion shall be effected at the 
cost of such holder. 
(b) 
Materialised Notes 
Materialised Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Materialised 
Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
4. 
Status 
The Notes and, where applicable, any relative Coupons are direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and, pursuant to the provisions of Condition 5, privileged obligations of the 
Issuer and rank and will rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and equally 
and rateably with all other present or future notes (including the Notes of all other Series) and 
other resources raised by the Issuer benefiting from the privilège (the Privilège) provided by 
article L.513-11 of the French Code monétaire et financier as described in Condition 5. 
5. 
Privilège 
The Notes benefit from the Privilège (priority right of payment) created by article L.513-11 of 
the French Code monétaire et financier and the Noteholders shall benefit from all the rights set 
out in article L.513-11 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
In accordance with article L.513-11 of the French Code monétaire et financier, all sums payable 
to the Issuer in respect of loans, assimilated receivables, exposures or securities referred to in 
articles L.513-3 to L.513-7 of the French Code monétaire et financier including, any mortgage, 
charge, lien or other guarantee or indemnity relating thereto and the forward financial 
instruments referred to in article L.513-10 (in each case after any applicable netting), together 
with the claims in respect of deposits made by the Issuer with credit institutions, are allocated 
in priority to the payment of any sums due in respect of obligations foncières (including the 
Notes) issued by the Issuer and other resources raised by the Issuer pursuant to issue or 
subscription contracts referring to the Privilège. 
It should be noted that, in addition to Notes and other resources raised by the Issuer pursuant to 
any agreement, document purporting to inform the public within the meaning of article L.412-

--- Page 45 ---
45 
1 of the French Code monétaire et financier or any other equivalent document required in 
connection with the admission to trading on a Regulated Market located outside France 
referring to the Privilège, derivative transactions used for hedging are also benefiting from the 
Privilège under the conditions of article L.513-10 of the Code monétaire et financier. 
Article L. 513-11 of the French Code monétaire et financier provides that, notwithstanding any 
legislative provisions to the contrary and in particular those contained in the French Code de 
Commerce (relating to preservation (sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement 
judiciaire) and judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire)) proceedings against the Issuer, or 
resolution proceedings opened pursuant to Article L. 613-49 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier against, the amounts due regularly under obligations foncières (including the Notes) 
and other resources benefiting from the Privilège, are paid on their contractual due date, and in 
priority to all other debts, whether or not preferred or secured, including interest resulting from 
agreements whatever their duration. Accordingly, until all creditors benefiting from the 
Privilège have been fully paid, no other creditor of the Issuer may exercise any right over the 
assets and rights of the Issuer either in principal or accrued or future interest. Neither safeguard 
(sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or judicial liquidation 
(liquidation judiciaire) proceedings against the Issuer, nor resolution proceedings opened 
pursuant to Article L. 613-49 of the French Code monétaire et financier against the Issuer will 
result in the acceleration of payment of obligations foncières such as the Notes. 
6. 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have the meanings set out below. Certain defined terms contained in the FBF Definitions and 
in the ISDA Definitions have either been used or reproduced in this Condition 6. 
2006 ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA definitions, as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (“ISDA”), as amended or supplemented as at the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
2021 ISDA Definitions means the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, as 
published by the ISDA, as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the relevant Series, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Reference Rate Determination 
Agent determines and which is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in 
the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a 
result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which:  
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an 
option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
(ii) 
in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case of a Successor Rate where (i) above 
does not apply), is in customary market usage in the international debt capital market

--- Page 46 ---
46 
for transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Alternative Rate (or, as the case may be, the Successor Rate); or 
(iii) 
if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available), or the 
Reference Rate Determination Agent determines there is no such spread, formula or 
methodology in customary market usage, the Reference Rate Determination Agent, 
acting in good faith, in a commercially reasonable manner and as independent expert 
in the performance of its duty, determines to be appropriate. 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Reference Rate 
Determination Agent determines in accordance with Condition 6(c)(iii)(C)(b)(z) and which is 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate 
interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
Benchmark Event means, in the determination of the Issuer, with respect to an Original 
Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be published; and/or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate announcing that it will, on or before a specified date, cease 
to provide the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (provided that, at 
that time, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Screen 
Page Reference Rate); and/or 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor of the 
Original Reference Rate, the central bank for the currency of the Original Reference 
Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
Original Reference Rate, or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, which states that the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate has ceased or will cease to provide the 
Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (provided that, at that time, there 
is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Screen Page Reference 
Rate); and/or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its 
use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences; and/or 
(v) 
it has become or will become prohibited or unlawful for any Paying Agent, Calculation 
Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using 
the Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under the Benchmark Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011, as amended, if applicable); and/or 
(vi) 
a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration pursuant to article 35 of the 
Benchmark Regulation of any benchmark administrator previously authorised to 
publish such Original Reference Rate has been adopted; and/or 
(vii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that, in the view of such supervisor, such Original Reference Rate is no longer or will 
be no longer representative of an underlying market.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
Provided that, in case of subparagraphs (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) the Benchmark Event shall 
occur on the date of the cessation of publication of the Benchmark, in the case of 
subparagraphs (v), (vi) and (vii), the Benchmark Event shall occur, respectively, on the 
date of such prohibition, restrictions or adverse consequences of use of the Benchmark, 
the date of withdrawal of the authorization or registration, or the date of non-
representativeness and not, for the avoidance of doubt, the date of the relevant public 
statement (respectively, the “Date of the Benchmark Event”). 
Business Day means: 
(i) 
in the case of Euro, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer System or any successor thereto (the T2 ) is operating (a 
T2 Business Day), and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of a specified currency other than Euro, a day (other than a Saturday or 
Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in 
the principal financial centre for that currency, and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a specified currency and/or one or more Business Centre(s) specified in 
the relevant Final Terms (the Business Centre(s)), a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in 
such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each 
of the Business Centres so specified. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note 
for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) 
(whether or not constituting an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period, the Calculation 
Period): 
(i) 
if Actual/365-FBF is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose 
numerator is the actual number of days elapsed during the Calculation Period and 
whose denominator is 365. If part of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, 
Actual/365-FBF shall mean the sum of (A) the fraction whose numerator is the actual 
number of days elapsed during the non-leap year and whose denominator is 365 and 
(B) the fraction whose numerator is the actual number of days elapsed during the leap 
year and whose denominator is 366; 
(ii) 
if Actual/365, Actual/Actual or Actual/Actual-ISDA is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 
and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if Actual/Actual-ICMA is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period 
during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of:

--- Page 48 ---
48 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number 
of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Periods normally ending in any year, 
in each case, where: 
Determination Period means the period from and including a Determination 
Date in any year to but excluding the next Determination Date; and 
Determination Date means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or, 
if none is so specified, the Interest Payment Date; 
(iv) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(v) 
if Actual/360 is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 











D1
D2
M1
M2
30
Y1
Y2
360
360
1
Fraction
Count 
Day 









 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30;

--- Page 49 ---
49 
(vii) 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
where: 











D1
D2
M1
M2
30
Y1
Y2
360
360
1
Fraction
Count 
Day 









 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30. 
(viii) 
if 30E/360 (ISDA) is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 











D1
D2
M1
M2
30
Y1
Y2
360
360
1
Fraction
Count 
Day 









 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but

--- Page 50 ---
50 
not the Maturity Date (or the Extended Maturity Date, as the case may be) or (ii) such 
number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
Euro-zone means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that have 
adopted or adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European 
Community, as amended. 
FBF Definitions means the definitions set out in the FBF Master Agreement or, as the case 
may be, in the FBF Technical Schedules to the FBF Master Agreement as published by the FBF 
in June 2013, in their updated version applicable as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of 
the relevant Series. 
Interest Accrual Period means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
Interest Amount means the amount of interest payable calculated in accordance with these 
Terms and Conditions, and in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, means the Fixed Coupon Amount 
or Broken Amount as specified in the relevant Final Terms (a copy of which may be obtained 
at the registered office of the Issuer during usual business hours), as the case may be. 
Interest Commencement Date means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
Interest Determination Date means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual 
Period, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the 
day falling two (2) T2 Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the 
Specified Currency is Euro or (ii) the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified 
Currency is Sterling or (iii) the day falling two (2) Business Days in the city specified in the 
Final Terms for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if 
the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor Euro. 
Interest Payment Date means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Interest Period means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period 
beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next 
succeeding Interest Payment Date, or the relevant payment date if the Notes become payable 
on a date other an Interest Payment Date. 
Interest Period Date means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
ISDA Definition means, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, either (i) the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions or (ii) the 2021 ISDA Definitions, as published by ISDA, provided in each case that 
if the Calculation Agent determines that it is appropriate, ISDA Definitions will mean any 
successor definitional booklet to the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA Definitions, 
each as supplemented from time to time for interest rate derivatives published from time to 
time, all as determined as of the date of the relevant determination.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified Reference Rate used to determine the 
relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) thereof) on the Notes as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
Rate of Interest means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes 
and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Reference Banks means the principal offices of four major banks in the Relevant Inter-Bank 
Market as selected by the Calculation Agent with the approval of the Issuer or as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
Relevant Date means, in respect of any Note or Coupon, the date on which payment in respect 
of it first became due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) 
the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (in the case of 
Materialised Notes if earlier) the date seven (7) days after that on which notice is duly given to 
the holders of such Materialised Notes that, upon further presentation of the Materialised Note 
or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided 
that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. 
Relevant Inter-Bank Market means such inter-bank market as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Reference Rate means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, which shall be 
EURIBOR. 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (i) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (iii) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (iv) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
Relevant Screen Page means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or such other page, section, 
caption, column or other part as may replace it on that information service or on such other 
information service, in each case as may be nominated by the person or organisation providing 
or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices 
comparable to that Reference Rate. 
Relevant Screen Page Time means such time as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Specified Currency means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if 
none is specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, and if, following a Benchmark

--- Page 52 ---
52 
Event, two or more successor or replacement rates are recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body, the Reference Rate Determination Agent, shall determine which of those 
successor or replacement rates is most appropriate, having regard to, inter alia, the particular 
features of the relevant Notes and the nature of the Issuer. 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from and including the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon 
Amount or, if applicable, the Broken Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken Amount 
will be payable on the particular Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes  
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding 
nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in 
arrear (except as otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms) on each Interest 
Payment Date. Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final 
Terms as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) 
is/are shown in the relevant Final Terms, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date 
which falls the number of months or other period shown in the relevant Final Terms as 
the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified 
to be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would 
otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention 
specified is (A) the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the 
last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been 
subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall 
be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating 
Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined according to the 
provisions below relating to either FBF Determination or ISDA Determination or 
Screen Rate Determination, depending upon which is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(A) 
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes

--- Page 53 ---
53 
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
a rate equal to the relevant FBF Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), 
FBF Rate for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating 
Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Transaction 
under the terms of an agreement incorporating the FBF Definitions and under 
which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(b) 
the relevant Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de Détermination 
du Taux Variable) is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), Floating Rate (Taux Variable) and 
Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de Détermination du Taux 
Variable) and Transaction (Transaction) have the meanings given to those 
terms in the FBF Definitions. 
(B) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(a) Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and 2006 ISDA 
Definitions is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent a 
rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this subparagraph (B), 
ISDA Rate for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating 
Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap 
Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions and under which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(b) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; and 
(c) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (B), Floating Rate, Floating Rate 
Option, Designated Maturity, Reset Date and Swap Transaction have the 
meanings given to those terms in the 2006 ISDA Definitions. 
If the paragraph Floating Rate Option in the relevant Final Terms provides that 
the rate of interest will be determined by linear interpolation in respect of an 
Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to such Interest Accrual 
Period will be calculated by the Calculation Agent by linear interpolation 
between two (2) rates of interest based on the relevant Floating Rate, provided 
that the first rate of interest corresponds to a maturity immediately inferior to 
the duration of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and the second rate

--- Page 54 ---
54 
corresponds to a maturity immediately superior to the same relevant Interest 
Accrual Period. 
(b) Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and 2021 ISDA 
Definitions is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as 
a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-
paragraph (B)(b), ISDA Rate for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal 
to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under 
a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2021 
ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(b) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms;  
(c) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(d) 
the relevant Fixing Day is the date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the absence thereof, as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions; 
(e) 
the Effective Date is, unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Interest Commencement Date;  
(f) 
the Termination Date is, unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the last date of the last occurring Interest Accrual Period; 
(g) 
the relevant Calculation Period is as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the absence thereof, as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions for which purpose references to Effective Date and Period 
End Date (in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) shall be deemed to be to, 
respectively, the Issue Date and any last day of the last occurring 
Interest Accrual Period (as defined in these Conditions); and 
(h) 
if the Floating Rate Option specified in the Final Terms is an Overnight 
Floating Rate Option and Compounding is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms: 
- 
the relevant Reset Date is the last day of the last occurring Interest 
Accrual Period, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms; 
- 
Delayed Payment will be applicable if specified as such in the 
Final Terms, and if so, the applicable number of days is either (x) 
as specified in the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as 
such in the Final Terms, five (5); 
- 
OIS Compounding will be applicable if specified as such in the 
Final Terms;

--- Page 55 ---
55 
- 
Compounding with Lookback will be applicable if specified as 
such in the Final Terms, and if so, the Lookback is either (x) as 
specified in the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as 
such in the Final Terms, the number specified as the Lookback 
for the relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, or (z) if no such number is specified for the relevant 
Floating Rate Option, five (5); 
- 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift will be applicable if 
specified as such in the Final Terms, and if so, Set in Advance will 
be applicable if specified as such in the Final Terms, Observation 
Period Shift Additional Business Day is as specified in the Final 
Terms, and the “Observation Period Shift” is either (x) as specified 
in the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the 
Final Terms, the number specified as the Observation Period 
Shift for the relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, or (z) if no such number is specified for the relevant 
Floating Rate Option, five (5); and 
- 
Compounding with Lockout will be applicable if specified as such 
in the Final Terms, and if so, Lockout Period Business Day is as 
specified in the Final Terms and the Lockout is either (x) as 
specified in the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as 
such in the Final Terms, the number specified as the Lockout for 
the relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, 
or (z) if no such number is specified for the relevant Floating Rate 
Option, five (5). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B)(b), except as otherwise defined in 
such sub-paragraph, Calculation Agent, Compounding with Lockout, 
Compounding with Lookback, Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift, Delayed Payment, Designated Maturity, Effective Date, Floating 
Rate, Floating Rate Option, Lockout Period Business Day, Lockout, 
Lookback, Observation Period Shift, OIS Compounding, Overnight 
Floating Rate Option, Period End Date, Reset Date, Set in Advance and 
Swap Transaction have the meanings given to those terms in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions. 
(C) 
The provisions relating to Linear Interpolation set out in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions shall apply to an ISDA Rate where 2021 ISDA Definitions Linear 
Interpolation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms. For such 
purpose, references to Relevant Rate under the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall 
be deemed to be references to the ISDA Rate.Screen Rate Determination for 
Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(a) 
the offered quotation; or

--- Page 56 ---
56 
(b) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such 
replacement page on that service which displays the information) (the 
Screen Page Reference Rate) as at the Relevant Screen Page Time 
on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any) in 
accordance with Condition 6(g) (Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates 
of Interest and Rounding), all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant 
Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is 
more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) 
shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations. 
 (x) 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-
paragraph (C)(a) applies and no such offered quotation 
appears on the Relevant Screen Page, or, if sub-paragraph 
(C)(b) applies and fewer than three such offered quotations 
appear on the Relevant Screen Page, in each case as at the 
Relevant Screen Page Time, subject as provided in paragraph 
(z) below, the Calculation Agent shall request each of the 
Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its 
offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) 
for the Reference Rate at the Relevant Screen Page Time on 
the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of 
the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such 
offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered 
quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) 
in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 
6(g) 
(Margin, 
Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Rounding) as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(y) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than two 
Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as 
provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic 
mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) as 
communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent 
by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which 
such banks were offeredat the Relevant Screen Page Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the 
Relevant Inter-Bank Market, plus or minus (as appropriate) 
the Margin (if any) in accordance with Condition 6(g) 
(Margin, 
Maximum/Minimum 
Rates 
of 
Interest 
and 
Rounding). If fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide 
the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the Rate of 
Interest shall be the offered rate for deposits in the Specified

--- Page 57 ---
57 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the 
offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, at which, at the Relevant Screen Page Time 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more 
banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the 
Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation 
Agent it is quoting to leading banks in, the Relevant Inter-
Bank Market plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if 
any) 
in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 
6(g) 
(Margin, 
Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Rounding). By 
exception, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, 
the Rate of Interest shall be equal to the last Reference Rate 
available on the Relevant Screen Page plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any) in accordance with Condition 
6(g) (Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and 
Rounding) as determined by the Calculation Agent, except 
that if the Calculation Agent or the Issuer determines that the 
absence of quotation is due to the discontinuation of the 
Screen Page Reference Rate, then the Reference Rate will be 
determined in accordance with paragraph (z) below.  
(z) 
Notwithstanding paragraph (y) above, if at any time prior to, 
on or following any Interest Determination Date, (i) a 
Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the Original Reference 
Rate or (ii) the Issuer or the Calculation Agent determines that 
the Screen Page Reference Rate has been discontinued, the 
Issuer will as soon as reasonably practicable (and in any event 
prior to the next relevant Interest Determination Date) appoint 
an agent (the Reference Rate Determination Agent), which 
will determine, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner and as an independent expert in the 
performance of its duties, whether a substitute or successor 
rate for purposes of determining the Reference Rate on each 
Interest Determination Date falling on such date or thereafter 
that is substantially comparable to the Screen Page Reference 
Rate is available. If the Reference Rate Determination Agent 
determines that there is an industry accepted Successor Rate, 
the Reference Rate Determination Agent will use such 
Successor Rate to determine the Reference Rate. If the 
Reference Rate Determination Agent determines in good faith 
that there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative 
Rate, the Reference Rate Determination Agent will use such 
Alternative Rate to determine the Reference Rate. If the 
Reference Rate Determination Agent determines in good faith 
(i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) 
and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment 
Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the

--- Page 58 ---
58 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent 
determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant 
component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate (as applicable). If the Reference Rate 
Determination Agent has determined an Alternative Rate or 
Successor rate in accordance with the foregoing (such rate, the 
Replacement Reference Rate), for purposes of determining 
the Reference Rate on each Interest Determination Date 
falling on or after such determination but not earlier than the 
actual discontinuation of the Screen Page Reference Rate (i) 
the Reference Rate Determination Agent will also determine 
changes (if any) to the business day convention, the definition 
of business day, the interest determination date, the day count 
fraction, and any method for obtaining the Replacement 
Reference Rate, including any adjustment factor needed to 
make such Replacement Reference Rate comparable to the 
Screen Page Reference Rate (including any Adjustment 
Spread), in each case in a manner that is consistent with 
industry-accepted practices for such Replacement Reference 
Rate; (ii) references to the Reference Rate in the Conditions 
and the Final Terms applicable to the relevant Notes will be 
deemed to be references to the Replacement Reference Rate, 
including any alternative method for determining such rate as 
described in (i) above; (iii) the Reference Rate Determination 
Agent will notify the Issuer of the foregoing as soon as 
reasonably practicable; and (iv) the Issuer will give notice as 
soon as reasonably practicable to the Noteholders (in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices)) and the relevant 
Paying Agent specifying the Replacement Reference Rate, as 
well as the details described in (i) above.  
The determination of the Replacement Reference Rate and the 
other matters referred to above by the Reference Rate 
Determination Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be 
final and binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the 
Fiscal Agent, the relevant Paying Agent and the Noteholders, 
unless the Reference Rate Determination Agent, acting in 
good faith, in a commercially reasonable manner and as an 
independent expert in the performance of its duties, considers 
at a later date that the Replacement Reference Rate is no 
longer substantially comparable to the Reference Rate or does 
not constitute an industry accepted successor rate, in which 
case the Issuer shall re-appoint a Reference Rate 
Determination Agent (which may or may not be the same 
entity as the original Reference Rate Determination Agent) for 
the purpose of confirming the Replacement Reference Rate or 
determining a substitute Replacement Reference Rate in an 
identical manner as described in this paragraph (z). If the 
Reference Rate Determination Agent is unable to or otherwise 
does not determine a substitute Replacement Reference Rate, 
then the Replacement Reference Rate will remain unchanged.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Fiscal Agent shall, at the 
direction and expense of the Issuer, effect such consequential 
amendments to the Agency Agreement and these Conditions 
as may be required in order to give effect to the Replacement 
Reference Rate. Each Noteholder shall be deemed to have 
accepted the Replacement Reference Rate or such other 
changes pursuant to this paragraph (z), including for the 
execution of any documents or other steps by the Agents (if 
required). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this paragraph (z), (i) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint a Reference Rate 
Determination Agent or (ii) if the Reference Rate 
Determination Agent is unable to or otherwise does not 
determine for any Interest Determination Date a Replacement 
Reference Rate, no Replacement Reference Rate or any other 
successor, replacement or alternative benchmark or screen 
rate will be adopted and the Reference Rate for the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period will be equal to the last Reference Rate 
available on the Relevant Screen Page as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
The Reference Rate Determination Agent may be (i) a leading bank or a broker-dealer 
in the principal financial center of the Specified Currency as appointed by the Issuer or 
(ii) a company within the Crédit Agricole Group, with the exception of the Issuer itself. 
(d) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer may elect, upon giving 
not less than fifteen (15) Business Days prior notice in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), 
to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from 
a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate (the Optional Change of Interest Date) or (ii) that will 
automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed 
Rate on the date set out in the Final Terms (the Automatic Change of Interest Date). 
(e) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon and is repayable prior 
to the Maturity Date (or the Extended Maturity Date, as the case may be) or otherwise and is 
not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date (or the Extended 
Maturity Date, as the case may be) shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As 
from the Maturity Date (or the Extended Maturity Date, as the case may be), the Rate of Interest 
for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 7(d)(i)). 
(f) 
Accrual of interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless (i) in the case 
of Dematerialised Notes, on such due date or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, upon due 
presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue 
to accrue (as well after as before judgement) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in 
this Condition 6 to the Relevant Date.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
(g) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Rounding 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally or (y) in 
relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all 
Rates of Interest in the case of (x), or to the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest 
Accrual Periods in the case of (y), calculated in accordance with Condition 6(c) above 
by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting (if a negative number) the absolute value 
of such Margin, subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
then any Rate of Interest shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case 
may be. If no Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, any 
Rate of Interest with respect to Floating Rate Notes shall be subject to a minimum of 
zero. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless 
otherwise specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point 
(with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant 
figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and 
payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being 
rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. 
For these purposes unit means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as 
legal tender in the country(ies) of such currency. 
(h) 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be calculated by 
multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal amount of such 
Note by the Day Count Fraction, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is 
specified in respect of such period, in which case the amount of interest payable in respect of 
such Note for such period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with 
such formula). Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the 
amount of interest payable in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the amounts of 
interest payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. 
(i) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts  
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent may 
be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or 
calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts in respect of each Specified 
Denomination of the Notes for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, obtain such 
quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of 
Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest 
Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the 
Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the holders of Notes, any other Calculation Agent appointed 
in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information 
and, if the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable 
to, such Regulated Market so require, such Regulated Market as soon as possible after their

--- Page 61 ---
61 
determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, 
if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such Regulated Market of a Rate 
of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth (4th) Business Day after 
such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to 
adjustment pursuant to Condition 6(c)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date 
so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by 
way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest 
Period. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making 
of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(j) 
Calculation Agent 
The Issuer shall use its best efforts to procure that there shall at all times one or more Calculation 
Agents if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is 
outstanding (as defined in Condition 1). Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed 
in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be 
construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If 
the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly 
to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period or to calculate 
any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer 
shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if 
appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely 
connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent to act as 
such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having 
been appointed as aforesaid. So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market 
and the rules of, or applicable to, that Regulated Market so require, notice of any change of 
Calculation Agent shall be given in accordance with Condition 14. 
7. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below or its maturity is 
shortened pursuant to any Issuer's or Noteholder's option in accordance with Condition 7(b) or 
7(c) or extended pursuant to the paragraph below, each Note shall be finally redeemed on the 
Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms at its Final Redemption Amount which is 
its nominal amount (except in case of Zero Coupon Notes). 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, upon the occurrence of a maturity extension trigger 
event (each such event, a Maturity Extension Trigger Event) and to the extent such event(s) 
comply with the conditions set out in Articles L. 513-2 and R. 513-8-1 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier, an extended maturity date (the Extended Maturity Date) which means 
a date falling one (1) year after the Maturity Date, shall occur. 
The Maturity Extension Trigger Events are the following: 
(a)  
in the event of a default of payment, on the Maturity Date initially set by the Issuer, of 
the principal or interest of a loan granted by the Issuer to a credit institution and 
guaranteed by the remittance, assignment or pledge of receivables pursuant to Articles 
L. 211-38 to L. 211-40 or Articles L. 313-23 to L. 313-35 of the French Code monétaire

--- Page 62 ---
62 
et financier, whether or not these receivables are of a professional nature. The same 
applies in the event of a default of payment, by the credit institution issuing promissory 
notes subscribed by the Issuer in accordance with the terms and conditions defined in 
Articles L. 313-43 to L. 313-48 of the French Code monétaire et financier, of the 
principal or interest on such promissory notes; 
(b)  
in the event of a default of payment, on the Maturity Date initially set by the Issuer, of 
the principal or interest of such Notes, by the Issuer; 
(c)  
in the event a credit institution benefiting from loans granted by the Issuer and guaranteed 
by the remittance, assignment or pledge of receivables pursuant to Articles L. 211-38 to 
L. 211-40 or Articles L. 313-23 to L. 313-35 of the French Code monétaire et financier, 
whether or not these receivables are of a professional nature, or in the event a credit 
institution issuing promissory notes subscribed by the Issuer in accordance with the terms 
and conditions defined in Articles L. 313-43 to L. 313-48 of the French Code monétaire 
et financier, is subject to safeguard proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde), judicial 
reorganisation or liquidation proceedings (procédure de redressement ou de liquidation 
judiciaires) or resolution proceedings opened pursuant to Article L. 613-49 of the French 
Code monétaire et financier;  
(d)  
in the event the Issuer is subject to safeguard proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde), 
judicial reorganisation or liquidation proceedings (procédure de redressement ou de 
liquidation judiciaires) or resolution proceedings opened pursuant to Article L. 613-49 
of the French Code monétaire et financier, 
However, if a Maturity Extension Trigger Event occurs and any amount representing the 
Final Redemption Amount is remaining unpaid on the Maturity Date, such amount may 
be paid by the Issuer on any Specified Interest Payment Date thereafter, up to (and 
including) the relevant Extended Maturity Date. Interest will continue to accrue on any 
unpaid amount during such extended period at the relevant newly applicable Rate of 
Interest (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) and be payable on each Specified 
Interest Payment Date and on the Extended Maturity Date all as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and in accordance with the applicable Conditions. 
(b) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Call Option) and Partial Redemption 
If a Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to compliance 
by the Issuer of all the relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not less than 
fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days' irrevocable notice in accordance with 
Condition 14 to the holders of Notes (or such other notice period as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) redeem in whole or, if so provided, in part the Notes on any Optional 
Redemption Date. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption 
Amount (being the nominal amount) together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption, if any. Any such redemption must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least 
equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified 
in such notice in accordance with this Condition.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
In the case of a partial redemption or a partial exercise of an Issuer's option in respect of 
Materialised Notes, the notice to holders of such Materialised Notes shall also contain the 
numbers of the Definitive Materialised Notes to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in 
such place and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking 
account of prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and 
Regulated Market requirements. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Dematerialised Notes, the redemption may be 
effected, by reducing the nominal amount of all such Dematerialised Notes in a Series in 
proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed. 
So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of, or 
applicable to, such Regulated Market require, the Issuer shall, each time there has been a partial 
redemption of the Notes, cause to be published (i) as long as such Notes are admitted to trading 
on Euronext Paris and the rules of such Stock Exchange so permit, on the website of the Autorité 
des Marchés Financiers (www.amf-france.org) in accordance with articles 221-3 and 221-4 of 
the Règlement Général of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers or (ii) or on the website of the 
competent authority or in a leading newspaper with general circulation in the Relevant State 
where the Regulated Market on which such Notes are admitted to trading is located, a notice 
specifying the aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding and, in the case of Materialised 
Notes, a list of any Definitive Materialised Notes drawn for redemption but not surrendered. 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Put Option) 
If a Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option of the 
Noteholder, upon the Noteholder giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) 
calendar days' notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional 
Redemption Amount (being the nominal amount) as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option the Noteholder must deposit with a Paying Agent at its specified office 
a duly completed option exercise notice (the Exercise Notice) in the form obtained during 
normal business hours from any Paying Agent or the Registration Agent, as the case may be, 
within the notice period. In the case of Materialised Notes, the Exercise Notice shall have 
attached to it the relevant Notes (together with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged 
Talons). In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the Noteholder shall transfer, or cause to be 
transferred, the Dematerialised Notes to be redeemed to the account of the Paying Agent with 
a specified office in Paris, as specified in the Exercise Notice. No option so exercised and, 
where applicable, no Note so deposited or transferred, may be withdrawn without the prior 
consent of the Issuer. 
(d) 
Early Redemption 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note 
upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 7(e) or 7(f) shall be the 
Amortised Nominal Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Note. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the amortised nominal 
amount of any such Note (the Amortised Nominal Amount) shall be the

--- Page 64 ---
64 
scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date 
discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
amortisation yield (which, if none is shown in the relevant Final Terms, shall 
be such rate as would produce an Amortised Nominal Amount equal to the 
issue price of the Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on the 
Issue Date) (the Amortisation Yield) compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its 
redemption pursuant to Condition 7(e) or 7(f) is not paid when due, the Early 
Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such Note shall be the 
Amortised Nominal Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (B) 
above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the date on 
which the Note becomes due and payable was the Relevant Date. The 
calculation of the Amortised Nominal Amount in accordance with this sub-
paragraph shall continue to be made (both before and after judgement) until 
the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, 
in which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final 
Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with any 
interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 6(d). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall 
be made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction specified in Condition 6(a). 
(ii) 
Other Notes 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes 
described in (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 7(f) shall 
be the Final Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption. 
(e) 
No Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
If any law should require that any payments in respect of any Note or Coupon be subject to 
withholding or deduction in respect of any present or future taxes, duties, assessment or 
governmental charges of whatever nature, such Notes may not be redeemed early. 
(f) 
Illegality 
If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application or 
interpretation of such law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, it would become unlawful 
for the Issuer to perform or comply with one or more of its obligations under the Notes, the 
Issuer will, subject to having given not more than forty-five (45) nor less than thirty (30) 
calendar days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance with 
Condition 14, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount 
together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption (including, where applicable, 
any Arrears of Interest). 
(g) 
Purchases 
The Issuer shall have the right at all times to purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of 
Materialised Notes, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise (including by tender 
offer) at any price subject to the applicable laws and regulations. All Notes purchased by the

--- Page 65 ---
65 
Issuer may be held and resold by the Issuer for the purpose of enhancing the liquidity of the 
Notes in accordance with French laws and regulations. 
(h) 
Cancellation 
All Notes purchased for cancellation by or on behalf of the Issuer will forthwith be cancelled, 
in the case of Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in accordance with the rules and 
procedures of Euroclear France and, in the case of Materialised Notes, by surrendering the 
relevant Temporary Global Certificate or the Definitive Materialised Notes in question, 
together with all unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged Talons, if applicable, to the Fiscal 
Agent and, in each case, if so transferred or surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed 
by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, all 
rights relating to payment of interest and other amounts relating to such Dematerialised Notes 
and, in the case of Definitive Materialised Notes, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged 
Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so cancelled or, where applicable, 
transferred or surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of 
the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
(i) 
Subscription and holding by the Issuer 
Notwithstanding this Condition 7, the Issuer may, pursuant to articles L.513-26 and R.513-17 
of the French Code monétaire et financier, subscribe its own Notes for the sole purpose of 
granting them as collateral for the credit operations of the Banque de France in accordance with 
the procedures and conditions laid out by it for its monetary policy and intraday credit 
operations, in instances where the Issuer is unable to meet its liquidity needs by other means 
available to it. 
8. 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Dematerialised Notes shall (i) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form or administered registered dematerialised 
form, be made by transfer to the account denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant 
Account Holders for the benefit of the holders of Notes and, (ii) in the case of Dematerialised 
Notes in fully registered dematerialised form, to an account denominated in the relevant 
currency with a Bank (as defined in Condition 8(h)) designated by the relevant holder of Notes. 
All payments validly made to such Account Holders or Bank will be an effective discharge of 
the Issuer in respect of such payments. 
(b) 
Definitive Materialised Notes 
(i) 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below, payments in a Specified Currency will be made by credit 
or transfer to an account denominated in the relevant Specified Currency, or to which 
the Specified Currency may be credited or transferred (which, in the case of a payment 
in Japanese yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained 
by the payee with, or, at the option of the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency 
drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified 
Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is euro, shall be any country in the Euro-
zone, and, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall 
be Sydney or Auckland, respectively).

--- Page 66 ---
66 
(ii) 
Presentation and surrender of Definitive Materialised Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of Definitive Materialised Notes will (subject as 
provided below) be made in the manner provided in paragraph (i) above only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of partial payment of any sum due, 
annotation) of such Notes, and payments of interest in respect of Definitive 
Materialised Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, annotation) 
of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United 
States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America 
(including the States and the District of Columbia, its territories, its possessions and 
other areas subject to its jurisdiction)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form should be presented for payment together with all 
unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose 
include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which 
the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being 
made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as 
the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. 
Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above 
against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of ten 
(10) years after the Relevant Date in respect of such principal (whether or not such 
Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 10) or, if later, five (5) 
years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in 
no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its 
Maturity Date (or the Extended Maturity Date, as the case may be), all unmatured 
Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be 
issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note in definitive form becomes due and 
repayable prior to its Maturity Date (or the Extended Maturity Date, as the case may 
be), unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons 
shall be made in respect thereof. 
If the due date for redemption of any Definitive Materialised Note is not an Interest 
Payment Date, interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) 
the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest 
Commencement Date shall be payable only against presentation and surrender (if 
appropriate) of the relevant Definitive Materialised Note. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, 
payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New 
York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents 
with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such 
Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner 
provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or 
effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt

--- Page 67 ---
67 
of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without 
involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments subject to Fiscal Laws 
All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and 
directives and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described 
in Section 1471(b) of the US Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the US Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations 
thereof or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto). No commission or 
expenses shall be charged to the holders of Notes or Couponholders in respect of such 
payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer 
and their respective specified offices are listed at the end of the Base Prospectus relating to the 
Programme of the Notes of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Registration 
Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent(s) act(s) as independent 
experts(s) and, in each case such, do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency for 
any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate 
the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, Registration Agent or Calculation 
Agent and to appoint other Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent(s), Registration Agent(s) or Calculation 
Agent(s) or additional Paying Agent(s), Registration Agent(s) or Calculation Agent(s), 
provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or more 
Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iii) Paying Agents having specified 
offices in at least two major European cities, (iv) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully 
registered dematerialised form, a Registration Agent and (v) such other agents as may be 
required by the rules of any other Regulated Market on which the Notes may be admitted to 
trading. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of 
any Materialised Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph 
(c) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
holders of Notes in accordance with Condition 14. 
(f) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Materialised Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may 
be surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet 
(and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that 
may have become void pursuant to Condition 10). 
(g) 
Business Days for Payment 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business day, the holder shall 
not be entitled to payment until the next following business day (the Adjusted Payment Date), 
nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, 
business day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) (i) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, on which Euroclear France is open for business or (ii) in the case of

--- Page 68 ---
68 
Materialised Notes, on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the 
relevant place of presentation, (B) in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as Financial 
Centre(s) in the relevant Final Terms and (C) (i) in the case of a payment in a currency other 
than Euro, where payment is to be made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in 
the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant 
currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency or (ii) in the case of a 
payment in Euro, which is a T2 Business Day. 
(h) 
Bank 
For the purpose of this Condition 8, Bank means a bank in the principal financial centre of the 
relevant currency or, in the case of Euro, in a city in which banks have access to the T2. 
9. 
Taxation 
All payments by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes and Coupons shall be made 
free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by 
or within any jurisdiction or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law.  
If any law should require that any payments in respect of any Note or Coupon be subject to 
withholding or deduction in respect of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature, the Issuer will not be required to pay any additional 
amounts in respect of such withholding or deduction. 
10. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of any amount due under the Notes and 
Coupons (which for this purpose shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void 
unless made within 10 years (in the case of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from 
the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
11. 
Representation of Noteholders  
In respect of the representation of the Noteholders, the following shall apply: 
(a) 
Full Masse 
If the relevant Final Terms specify “Full Masse”, the Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches 
in any Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests in a masse 
(in each case, the Masse) which will be governed by the provisions of articles L. 228-46 and 
seq. of the French Code de commerce as supplemented by the below provisions of this 
Condition 11(a).  
(i) 
Legal Personality  
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the 
Representative) and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders (Collective 
Decisions). 
(ii) 
Representative of the Masse

--- Page 69 ---
69 
Pursuant to Article L. 228-51 of the French Code de commerce and unless otherwise provided 
for in the relevant Final Terms, the Representative appointed in respect of each Series of Notes 
is F&S Financial Services, 8 rue du Mont Thabor, 75001 Paris (the Primary Appointed 
Representative) and the alternative representative is Aether Financial Services, 36 rue de 
Monceau, 75008 Paris (the Alternate Appointed Representative and, together with the 
Primary Appointed Representative, the Appointed Representatives). 
The remuneration of the Primary Appointed Representative or, as the case may be, of the 
Alternate Appointed Representative will be equal to EUR 425 per year (excluding taxes) in 
respect of each Series of Notes.  
In the event that the Final Terms provide for the appointment of a Representative other than the 
Appointed Representatives, such Final Terms will set out the remuneration to which the 
Representative is entitled. 
The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the 
Representative of the single Masse of all Tranches in such Series. 
In the event of impediment, incapacity (for any reason whatsoever), liquidation, dissolution or 
revocation of the appointment of the Primary Appointed Representative, such Representative 
will be replaced by the Alternate Appointed Representative. The Alternate Appointed 
Representative will be entitled to the portion of the aforesaid remuneration corresponding to 
the remaining period of his appointment. In the event of impediment, incapacity (for any reason 
whatsoever), liquidation, dissolution, or revocation of the appointment of the Alternate 
Appointed Representative, another will be appointed by a Collective Decision. 
(iii) 
Collective Decisions 
Collective Decisions are adopted either in a general meeting (the General Meeting) or by way 
of a resolution in writing (the Written Resolution).  
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de Commerce, the right of each holder 
of a Dematerialised Note to participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by the entries 
in the books of the relevant Account Holder of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00, Paris 
time, on the second business day in Paris preceding the date set for the Collective Decisions. 
(x) 
General Meetings  
In accordance with Articles L. 228-59 and R. 228-67 of the French Code de commerce, notice 
of date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published as provided under 
Condition 14 (Notices) not less than fifteen (15) days prior to the date of such General Meeting 
on first convocation and not less than five (5) days prior to the date of the General Meeting in 
the case of a second convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy, by 
correspondence and, in accordance with Article L. 228-61 of the French Code de commerce, in 
the case of Dematerialised Notes only, by videoconference or by any other means of 
telecommunication allowing the identification of participating Noteholders, as provided 
mutatis mutandis by Article R. 225-97 of the French Code de commerce. 
(y) 
Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent

--- Page 70 ---
70 
Pursuant to Article L. 228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, but in respect of any Series 
of Dematerialised Notes only, the Issuer shall be entitled in lieu of the holding of a General 
Meeting to seek approval of a resolution from the Noteholders by way of a Written Resolution. 
Subject to the following sentence, a Written Resolution may be contained in one document or 
in several documents in like form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the 
Noteholders. Pursuant to Articles L. 228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, approval of a 
Written Resolution may also be given by way of electronic communication allowing the 
identification of Noteholders (Electronic Consent). 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Resolution (including by way of Electronic Consent) 
will be published as provided under Condition 14 (Notices) not less than fifteen (15) days prior 
to the date fixed for the passing of such Written Resolution (the Written Resolution Date). 
Notices seeking the approval of a Written Resolution will contain the conditions of form and 
time-limits to be complied with by the Noteholders who wish to express their approval or 
rejection of such Written Resolution.  
For the purpose hereof, a “Written Resolution” means a resolution in writing signed or approved 
by or on behalf of Noteholders (including by Electronic Consent) representing not less than 75 
per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding. 
(iv) 
Publication of decisions relating to General Meetings and Written Resolutions 
Decisions relating to General Meetings and Written Resolutions will be published in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 14 (Notices). In accordance with Articles 
R. 228-61, R. 228-79 and R. 236-11 of the French Code de commerce (i) the Collective 
Decision to appoint or replace a Reprentative, (ii) the decision of the Issuer to override a 
Collective Decision not to approve the proposals to change the corporate purpose or corporate 
form of the Issuer or to issue new notes (obligations) benefiting from a pledge or other security 
made respectively pursuant to Article L. 228-65, I, 1° and 4° of the French Code de commerce 
or (iii) the decision of the Issuer to offer to redeem Notes on demand in the case of a merger or 
demerger of the Issuer pursuant to Articles L. 236-13 and L. 236-18 of the French Code de 
commerce will, to the extent permitted by such Articles R. 228-61, R. 228-79 and R. 236-11 of 
the French Code de commerce, be published in accordance with the provisions set forth in 
Condition 14 (Notices). 
(b) 
Contractual Masse 
In respect of Notes with an initial denomination of, or which can only be traded in amounts of, 
at least €100,000 or its equivalent in other currencies at the time of the issue or, with respect of 
Notes issued outside of France for the purpose of Article L. 228-90 of the French Code de 
commerce, and if the relevant Final Terms specify “Contractual Masse”, the Noteholders will, 
in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their 
common interests in a Masse (in each case, the Masse). 
The Masse will be governed by the applicable provisions of the French Code de commerce with 
the exception of Articles L.228-48, L.228-65 II, L 228-71, R. 228-61, R.228-63, R.228-69, 
R.228-72, R. 228-79, and R. 236-11 and be subject to the following provisions: 
(i) 
Legal Personality

--- Page 71 ---
71 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the 
Representative) and in part through collective decisions of the holders of Notes (the Collective 
Decisions). 
(c) 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual holders of Notes, shall exercise the common 
rights, actions and benefits which now or in the future may accrue with respect to the Notes, 
without prejudice to the rights that Noteholders may exercise individually in accordance with, 
and subject to, the provisions of these Conditions. 
(i) 
Representative of the Masse 
The provisions set out in Condition 11 (a)(ii) with respect to the Representative of a Full Masse 
shall apply to the Representative of a Contractual Masse. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the 
Representatives at the head office of the Issuer and the specified offices of any of the Paying 
Agents. 
(ii) 
Powers of Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any Collective Decision to the contrary) have the 
power to take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common interests of the 
holders of Notes. 
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or 
against the Representative; except that, should safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde), 
accelerated safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde accélérée), judicial reorganisation 
(redressement judiciaire) or judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) proceedings be 
commenced against the Issuer, the cover pool monitor would file the proof of debt of all 
creditors (including the holders of the Notes) of the Issuer benefiting from the Privilège. 
The Representative may not interfere in the management of the affairs of the Issuer. 
(iii) 
Collective Decisions 
Collective Decicions are adopted either in a general meeting (the General Meeting) or by way 
of a resolution in writing (the Written Resolution).  
In accordance with Article R. 228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the right of each holder 
of Dematerialised Note to participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by the entries 
in the books of the relevant Account Holder of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00, Paris 
time, on the second business day in Paris preceding the date set for the meeting of the relevant 
Collective Decision. 
(x) 
General Meetings  
Condition 11 (a)(iii)(x) (General Meetings) is deemed to apply here and is supplemented as 
follows: 
A General Meeting may be held at any time, on convocation either by the Board of Directors 
of the Issuer, or by the legal representative of the Issuer or by the Representative. One or more 
Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth of the principal amount of the relevant Notes 
outstanding, may address to the Issuer and the Representative a demand for convocation of the

--- Page 72 ---
72 
General Meeting. If such General Meeting has not been convened within two (2) months after 
such demand, the Noteholders may commission one of their members to petition a competent 
court in the territorial jurisdiction of the Issuer to appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call 
the General Meeting. 
Each Note carries the right to one vote or, in the case of Notes issued with more than one 
Specified Denomination, one vote in respect of each multiple of the lowest Specified 
Denomination comprised in the principal amount of the Specified Denomination of such Note. 
(y) 
Powers of the General Meetings 
The General Meeting is empowered to deliberate on the dismissal and replacement of the 
Representative and the alternate Representative and also may act with respect to any other 
matter that relates to the common rights, actions and benefits which now or in the future may 
accrue with respect to the Notes, including authorising the Representative to act at law as 
plaintiff or defendant. 
The General Meeting may further deliberate on any proposal relating to the modification of the 
Conditions as well as any proposal, whether for arbitration or settlement, relating to rights in 
controversy or which were the subject of judicial decisions, it being specified, however, that 
the General Meeting may not increase the liabilities of Noteholders, nor establish any unequal 
treatment between the Noteholders nor decide to convert the Notes into shares. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if holders of Notes present 
or represented hold at least one-fifth of the principal amount of the relevant Notes then 
outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum shall be required. Decisions at meetings shall 
be taken by a simple majority of votes cast by Noteholders attending such General Meetings or 
represented thereat. 
The General Meeting is chaired by the Representative. In the event of the absence of a 
Representative at the start of a General Meeting and if no Noteholder is present or represented 
at the General Meeting, the Issuer may, notwithstanding the provisions of Article L.228-64 of 
the French Code de commerce, designate a provisional chairman until a new Representative 
has been appointed. 
(z) 
Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent 
Condition 11(a)(iii)(y) (Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent) is deemed to be 
reproduced here. 
(iv) 
Publication of Collective Decisions 
Decisions of General Meetings and Written Resolutions must be published in accordance with 
the provisions set forth in Condition 14 (Notices). 
(d) 
Contractual representation of Noteholders - No Masse 
 
In respect of Notes with an initial denomination of, or which can only be traded in amounts of, 
at least €100,000 or its equivalent in other currencies at the time of the issue, and if the relevant

--- Page 73 ---
73 
Final Terms specify “No Masse”, the following meeting and voting provisions shall apply and 
the following rules of interpretation shall apply:  
1) 
references to a “General Meeting” are to a general meeting of Noteholders of all Tranches 
of a single Series of Notes and include, unless the context otherwise requires, any 
adjourned meeting thereof; 
2) 
references to “Notes” and “Noteholders” are only to the Notes of one or several Series in 
respect of which a General Meeting has been, or is to be, called and to the Notes of one or 
several Series in respect of which a Written Resolution has been, or is to be sought, and to 
the holders of those Notes, respectively;  
3) 
“Resolution” means a resolution on any of the matters described in this Condition 11 
passed (x) at a General Meeting in accordance with the quorum and voting rules described 
herein or (y) by a Written Resolution. 
(i) 
General  
Pursuant to Article L. 213-6-3 I of the French Code monétaire et financier, the Noteholders 
shall not be grouped in a “masse” having separate legal personality and acting in part through 
a representative of the Noteholders and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders. 
However, general meetings of noteholders shall be governed by the following provisions of the 
French Code de commerce and be subject to the provisions of paragraphs (ii) to (viii) of this 
Condition: 
1. 
Articles L. 228-46-1, L. 228-57, L. 228-58, L.228-59, L. 228-60, L. 228-60-1, L. 228-61 
(with the exception of the first sentence thereof), L. 228-65 I (with the exception of 
subparagraph 1° in so far as it relates to a modification of the corporate purpose, 
subparagraph 3° in so far as the Issuer remains the principal debtor of the Notes, and 
subparagraph 4°), L. 228-66, L. 228-67, L. 228-68, L. 228-69, L.228-71 (with the 
exception of the second sentence of the first paragraph and the second paragraph thereof), 
L. 228-72, L. 228-73 (with the exception of the third paragraph thereof) and, L. 228-76, 
L. 228-88, R.228-65, R. 228-68, R. 228-70 to R. 228-76and R. 228-79 (with the 
exception of the first paragraph hereof) of the French Code de commerce relating to 
general meetings of Noteholders, and 
2. 
Whenever the words “de la masse”, “d’une même masse”, “par les représentants de la 
masse”, “d’une masse”,”et au représentant de la masse”, “de la masse intéressée”, 
“composant la masse”, “de la masse à laquelle il appartient”, “dont la masse est 
convoquée en assemblée”, or “par un représentant de la masse”, appear in the provisions 
of the French Code de commerce relating to general meetings of noteholders, they shall 
be deemed to be deleted.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
(ii) 
Powers of General Meetings  
The General Meeting may act with respect to any matter that relates to the common rights, 
actions and benefits which now or in the future may accrue with respect to the Notes.  
For the avoidance of doubt, each Noteholder is entitled to bring a legal action against the Issuer 
for the defence of its owns interests, such a legal action does not require the authorization of 
the General Meeting. 
The General Meeting may further deliberate on any proposal relating to the modification of the 
Conditions including any proposal, whether for arbitration or settlement, relating to rights in 
controversy or which were the subject of judicial decisions, it being specified, however, that 
the General Meeting may not increase the liabilities (charges) of the Noteholders, nor establish 
any unequal treatment between the Noteholders, nor decide to convert Notes into shares.  
The General Meeting may appoint a nominee to file a proof of claim in the name of all 
Noteholders in the event of judicial reorganisation procedure or judicial liquidation of the 
Issuer. Pursuant to Article L. 228-85 of the French Code de commerce, in the absence of such 
appointment of a nominee, the judicial representative, at its own initiative or at the request of 
any Noteholder will ask the court to appoint a representative of the Noteholders who will file 
the proof of Noteholders’ claim.  
The General Meeting may appoint any persons (whether Noteholders or not) as committee or 
committees to represent the interests of the Noteholders and to confer upon any committee or 
committees any powers or discretions which the Noteholders could themselves exercise by 
Resolution provided that (a) persons who are connected with the Issuer within the meaning of 
Articles L. 228-49 and L. 228-62 of the French Code de commerce and (b) persons to whom 
the practice of banker is forbidden or who have been deprived of the right of directing, 
administering or managing an enterprise in whatever capacity may not be so appointed. 
Upon appointment of the committee, and no later than fifteen (15) days after such appointment, 
the person or persons constituting such a committee shall send a written notice to the Issuer 
informing it that such a committee has been appointed.  
Upon receipt of this written notice, the Issuer shall give notice of the appointment of such a 
committee to all Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
(iii) 
Convening of a General Meeting  
A General Meeting may be held at any time on convocation by the Board of Directors of the 
Issuer, or by the legal representative of the Issuer. One or more Noteholders, holding together 
at least one-thirtieth of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding, may address to the Issuer 
a demand for convocation of the General Meeting. If such General Meeting has not been 
convened within two (2) months after such demand, the Noteholders may commission one of

--- Page 75 ---
75 
their members to petition a competent court in the territorial jurisdiction of the Issuer to appoint 
an agent (mandataire) who will call the General Meeting.  
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published as provided 
under Condition 14 (Notices) not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date of such 
General Meeting on first convocation, and five (5) days on second convocation.  
(iv) 
Arrangements for voting  
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy, by 
correspondence, or by videoconference or by any other means of telecommunication allowing 
the identification of participating Noteholders.  
Each Notes carries the right to one vote or, in the case of Notes issued with more than one 
Specified Denomination, one vote in respect of each multiple of the lowest Specified 
Denomination comprised in the principal amount of the Specified Denomination of such Note. 
In accordance with Article R. 228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the right of each 
Noteholder to participate in General Meetings will be evidenced by the entries in the books of 
the relevant account holder of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00, Paris time, on the second 
business day in Paris preceding the date set for the meeting of the relevant General Meeting.  
Decisions of General Meetings must be published in accordance with the provisions set forth 
in Condition 14 (Notices).  
(v) 
Chairman  
The Noteholders present at a General Meeting shall elect one of them to be chairman (the 
Chairman) by a simple majority of votes present or represented at such General Meeting 
(notwithstanding the absence of a quorum at the time of such vote). If the Noteholders fail to 
designate a Chairman, the Noteholder holding or representing the highest number of Notes and 
present at such meeting shall be appointed Chairman, failing which the Issuer may appoint a 
Chairman. The Chairman of an adjourned meeting need not be the same as the Chairman of the 
original meeting.  
(vi) 
Quorum and voting  
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if Noteholders present or 
represented hold at least one fifth of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. On 
second convocation, no quorum shall be required. Decisions at meetings shall be taken by a 
simple majority of votes cast by Noteholders attending such General Meeting or represented 
thereat. 
(vii) 
Written Resolution and Electronic Consent  
Condition 11(a)(iii)(y) is deemed to be reproduced here. 
(viii) 
Effect of Resolutions  
A resolution passed at a General Meeting, or a Written Resolution shall be binding on all 
Noteholders, whether or not present at the General Meeting and whether or not, in the case of

--- Page 76 ---
76 
a Writen Resolution, they have participated in such Written Resolution and each of them shall 
be bound to give effect to the resolution accordingly. 
(e) 
Information to Noteholders 
Each Noteholder or (if there is one) the Representative thereof will have the right, during (a) 
the 15-day period preceding the holding of each General Meeting (or preceding the Written 
Resolution Date in the case of a Written Resolution) or (b) the five (5) calendar days period 
preceding the holding of such General Meeting on second convocation, to consult or make a 
copy of the text of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports which will be 
presented at the General Meeting (or submitted in connection with a Written Resolution), all of 
which will be available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders at the registered office of the 
Issuer, at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents and at any other place specified in 
the notice of the General Meeting or the Written Resolution. 
(f) 
Expenses 
The Issuer will pay all expenses relating to the operation of the Masse (including those incurred 
by the Representative in the proper performance of their functions and duties), and those 
relating to the calling and holding of General Meetings and seeking the approval of a Written 
Resolution and, more generally, all administrative expenses resolved upon by the General 
Meeting, it being expressly stipulated that no expenses may be imputed against interest payable 
under the Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, for the purposes of this Condition 11, the term "outstanding" shall 
not include those Notes subscribed or purchased by the Issuer pursuant to, respectively, articles 
L.513-26 and L.213-0-1 of the Code monétaire et financier that are held by it and not cancelled. 
(g) 
Single Masse 
Whether the applicable Final Terms specify “Full Masse” or “Contractual Masse”, the 
Noteholders of the same Series, and the Noteholders of any other Series which have been 
assimilated and/or consolidated with the Notes of such first mentioned Series in accordance 
with Condition 13, shall, for the defence of their respective common interests, be grouped in a 
single Masse. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche or Series of Notes 
will be the Representative of the single Masse of all such Series. 
(h) 
One Noteholder 
Whether the Final Terms specify “Full Masse” or “Contractual Masse”, if and for so long as 
the Notes of any Series are held by a single Noteholder and unless a Representative has been 
appointed in relation to such Series, such sole Noteholder shall exercise all powers, rights and 
obligations entrusted to the Masse. Such sole Noteholder shall hold a register of the decisions 
it will have taken in this capacity, shall provide copies of such decisions to the Issuer and shall 
make them available, upon request, to any subsequent holder of all or part of the Notes of such 
Series. 
12. 
Replacement of Definitive Materialised Notes, Coupons and Talons 
If, in the case of any Materialised Notes, a Definitive Materialised Note, Coupon or Talon is 
lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, 
regulations and Regulated Market regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or such 
other Paying Agent as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for this purpose and

--- Page 77 ---
77 
notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant 
of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security 
and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed 
Definitive Materialised Note, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as 
the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand 
the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Definitive Materialised Notes, Coupons or 
further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Materialised 
Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
13. 
Further Issues and Consolidation 
(a) 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders 
create and issue further Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) with the Notes provided such Notes 
and the further Notes carry rights identical in all respects (or identical in all respects save as to 
the first payment of interest) and that the terms of such Notes provide for such assimilation, 
and references in these Conditions to Notes shall be construed accordingly. 
(b) 
Consolidation 
The Issuer may, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, with the prior approval of the 
Fiscal Agent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld), from time to time on any Interest 
Payment Date occurring on or after the Redenomination Date on giving not less than thirty (30) 
calendar days' prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14, without the 
consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, consolidate the Notes of one Series denominated 
in Euro with the Notes of one or more other Series issued by it, whether or not originally issued 
in one of the European national currencies or in Euro, provided such other Notes have been 
redenominated in Euro (if not originally denominated in Euro) and which otherwise have, in 
respect of all periods subsequent to such consolidation, the same terms and conditions as the 
Notes. 
14. 
Notices 
(a) 
Notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) 
shall be valid if either, (i) they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case 
they will be deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, or (ii) they are published in a leading daily newspaper 
of general circulation in Europe or, so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any 
Regulated Market(s), on the website of the competent authority or in a leading daily newspaper 
with general circulation in the Relevant State where the Regulated Market in which such Notes 
are admitted to trading is located, which in the case of Euronext Paris is expected to be Les 
Echos, or (iii) so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, they are 
published on the website of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (the AMF) (www.amf-
france.org) in accordance with articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the Règlement Général of the AMF. 
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Materialised Notes and Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised 
form (au porteur) shall be valid if published in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation 
in Europe or (i) so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market(s), in a 
leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated Market(s) 
on which such Notes are admitted to trading is located, which in the case of Euronext Paris is

--- Page 78 ---
78 
expected to be Les Echos, or (ii) so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext 
Paris, they are published on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org). 
(c) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or 
in bearer dematerialised form) (au porteur or au nominatif) pursuant to these Conditions may 
be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any 
other clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being cleared in substitution for 
the mailing and publication as required by Conditions 14(a) and (b) above; provided that (i) so 
long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and notice shall also be 
published as otherwise required by the rules applicable to that Regulated Market, as the case 
may be, (ii) notices relating to the convocation and decision(s) of the General Meetings pursuant 
to Condition 11 shall also be published in a leading newspaper with general circulation in 
Europe. 
(d) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another 
leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any notice given 
by publication shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if 
published more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided 
above. Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any 
notice given to the holders of Materialised Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
(e) 
Notices relating to the convocation of the General Meetings and decision(s) of the Collective 
Decisions pursuant to Condition 11 shall be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear 
France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Notes are for 
the time being cleared.  
15. 
Limited recourse and non petition 
(a) 
By subscribing to any Note, each Noteholder will be automatically deemed to have expressly 
and irrevocably waived: 
(i) 
any contractual claim or action (action en responsabilité contractuelle) (of any nature, 
and on any ground whatsoever) it may have against the Issuer or against any of its 
assets and any action for payment of any sum which is not expressed as being payable 
to it by the Issuer under the Notes and these Conditions; 
(ii) 
without prejudice to paragraph (b) below, any claim it may have (A) against the Issuer 
or against any of its assets for sums in excess of the amount of the assets of the Issuer 
which are available for making payment on such date subject to the rights of any 
creditor benefiting from the privilege set out in article L.513-11 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier and (B) against any asset of the Issuer which are subject to the 
privilege set out in article L.513-11 of the French Code monétaire et financier; 
(iii) 
any right to institute any legal proceedings, take other steps or institute other 
proceedings against the Issuer, the purpose of which is the appointment of a conciliator 
or an ad hoc agent, or the opening of receivership proceedings or insolvency or 
bankruptcy proceedings (sauvegarde), redressement or liquidation judiciaires) or any 
other similar proceedings in any relevant jurisdiction until the expiry of a period of 12 
months after the redemption of all notes and liabilities of the Issuer benefiting from the 
privilege set out in article L.513-11 of the French Code monétaire et financier.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
(b) 
The provisions of paragraph (a)(ii) above shall not prejudice the rights of the Noteholders with 
respect to the payment of any claim benefiting from the privilege set out in article L.513-11 of 
the French Code monétaire et financier. 
16. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Notes, Coupons and Talons, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them, are governed by French law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons may be brought 
before any competent court of the jurisdiction of the registred office of the Issuer.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED NOTES 
Temporary Global Certificates 
A temporary global certificate in bearer form, without interest coupons (a Temporary Global 
Certificate) will initially be issued in connection with each Tranche of Materialised Notes, which will 
be delivered on or prior to the issue date of the Tranche with a common depositary (the Common 
Depositary) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and for Clearstream Banking, société anonyme 
(Clearstream). Upon the delivery of such Temporary Global Certificate with a Common Depositary, 
Euroclear and Clearstream will credit each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the 
nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also credit with a nominal amount of Notes the accounts of subscribers 
with (if specified in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts 
with Euroclear and Clearstream held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, a nominal amount of 
Notes that is initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts 
of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream or other clearing systems. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Materialised Notes will be exchangeable, free 
of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in 
compliance with the C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, 
see "General Description of the Programme – Selling Restrictions"), in whole, but not in part, 
for Definitive Materialised Notes, and 
(ii) 
otherwise, in whole but not in part, upon certification if required under U.S. Treasury regulation 
section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(3)(or any successor U.S. Treasury regulation section, including 
without limitation, regulations issued in accordance with Internal Revenue Service Notice 
2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment 
Act of 2010) as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership for Definitive Materialised Notes. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Certificate may surrender such 
Temporary Global Certificate to, or to the order of, the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Temporary 
Global Certificate, the Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount 
of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Materialised Notes. In this Base Prospectus, Definitive 
Materialised Notes means, in relation to any Temporary Global Certificate, the Definitive Materialised 
Notes for which such Temporary Global Certificate may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached 
to them all Coupons in respect of interest that have not already been paid on the Temporary Global 
Certificate and a Talon). Definitive Materialised Notes will be security printed in accordance with any 
applicable legal and stock exchange requirement. 
Exchange Date 
Exchange Date means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate in respect of any Materialised 
Notes, the day falling after the expiry of forty (40) calendar days after its issue date, provided that in 
the event any further Materialised Notes which are to be assimilated with such first mentioned 
Materialised Notes are issued prior to such day pursuant to Condition 13(a), the Exchange Date may,

--- Page 81 ---
81 
at the option of the Issuer, be postponed to the day falling after the expiry of forty (40) days after the 
issue date of such further Materialised Notes. 
Other than a Tempory Global Certificate Notes with an initial maturity of more than one (1) year (and 
that are not relying on the TEFRA C Rules), shall bear the following legend: 
ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of each Series of Notes will be used by the Issuer for the financing of 
assets referred to in articles L.513-2 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier, including by 
way of funding Issuer Advances to be made available by the Issuer to the Borrower under the Issuer 
Facility Agreement.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
MAIN FEATURES OF THE LEGISLATION AND REGULATIONS RELATING TO 
SOCIÉTÉS DE CRÉDIT FONCIER 
Please note that this section should be read in conjunction with, as the case may be, any relevant 
instruction from the ACPR (formerly Autorité de contrôle prudentiel) or ministerial order published in 
respect of sociétés de crédit foncier. 
Entities entitled to issue obligations foncières 
Sociétés de crédit foncier are specialised credit institutions (établissements de crédit spécialisés) and 
authorised to act as sociétés de crédit foncier by the ACPR. 
The exclusive legal purpose of sociétés de crédit foncier is to grant or finance guaranteed loans or public 
exposures and hold securtities, deposits and exposures under the conditions set out in the French 
Monetary and Financial Code. 
Legal Framework 
The legal and regulatory regime (the SCF Law) applicable to sociétés de crédit foncier (SCF) notably 
results from the following provisions as they may be amended from time to time, and in particular as 
they have been amended by the entry into force of the decree-law (ordonnance) no. 2021-858 dated 30 
June 2021, the decree (décret) no. 2021-898 dated 6 July 2021, a ministerial decree (arrêté) dated 7 
July 2021, the decree (décret) no 2022-766 dated 2 May 2022, which applies from 8 July 2022 and 
which implements under French law Directive (EU) no. 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council dated 27 November 2019 on the issue of covered bonds and covered bond public 
supervision (the Covered Bonds Directive) amending Directives 2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU and the 
decree (décret) no 2023-102 dated 16 February 2023: 
- 
articles L.513-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier (which is amended from time 
to time);  
- 
articles R.513-1-A et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier (which is amended from 
time to time);  
- 
regulation no. 99-10 dated 9 July 1999 issued by the Banking and Financial Regulatory 
Committee (Comité de la Réglementation Bancaire et Financière, CRBF) as amended from 
time to time (the CRBF Regulation); 
- 
various regulations (instructions) relating to SCFs issued by the French Autorité de Contrôle 
Prudentiel et de Résolution (ACPR). 
The impacts of this Covered Bonds Directive on the Issuer and the Notes are relatively limited. 
Privilège related to the Notes 
Pursuant to article L.513-11 of the French Code monétaire et financier, notwithstanding any legislative 
provisions to the contrary and in particular the provisions included in the French Code de commerce 
relating to the prevention and conciliation of business difficulties and to the judicial administration and 
liquidation of companies, 
(i) 
the sums resulting from the loans, assimilated receivables, exposures and securities as referred 
to in articles L.513-3 to L.513-7 of the French Code monétaire et financier, including, any 
mortgage, charge, lien or other guarantee or indemnity relating thereto, and from the financial

--- Page 84 ---
84 
instruments used for hedging as referred to in article L.513-10 of the French Code monétaire 
et financier (in each case after any applicable netting), together with the claims in respect of 
deposits made by a société de crédit foncier (i.e. the issuer of obligations foncières) with credit 
institutions, are allocated in priority to the payment of any sums due in relation to the 
obligations foncières, to other resources benefiting from the Privilège as mentioned in article 
L.513-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier and to derivative transaction used for 
hedging, under the condition of article L.513-10 of the French Code monétaire et financier; 
(ii) 
in case of safeguard (sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or judicial 
liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) proceedings against the Issuer, or resolution proceedings 
opened pursuant to Article L. 613-49 of the French Code monétaire et financier against the 
Issuer,the amounts due by the Issuer regularly from the operations referred to in paragraph 2 of 
I of Article L. 513-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier are paid on their contractual 
due date, and in priority to all other debts, whether or not preferred or secured, including interest 
resulting from agreements whatever their duration. No other creditor of a SCF such as the Issuer 
may exercise any right over the assets and rights of such société until all creditors benefiting 
from the Privilège as defined in Article L. 513-11 of the French Code monétaire et financier 
have been fully paid off, either in principal or accrued or future interest; and 
(iii) 
neither safeguard (sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or judicial 
liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) proceedings against the Issuer, nor resolution proceedings 
opened pursuant to Article L. 613-49 of the French Code monétaire et financier against the 
Issuer will result in the acceleration of payment of obligations foncières such as the Notes and 
other debts benefiting from the Privilège. 
Eligible assets 
The eligible assets of an SCF comprise, inter alia: 
(i) 
secured loans which, in accordance with Article L. 513-3 I, 1 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier, include loans which are secured by a first-ranking mortgage or other real estate 
security interests that are equivalent to a first-ranking mortgage or loans that are guaranteed by 
a credit institution or an insurance company, qualifying for the credit quality step 2 (deuxième 
échelon de qualité de crédit) or above given by an external rating agency recognised by the 
ACPR as provided in Article L. 511-44 of the French Code monétaire et financier and that does 
not belong to the same group as the relevant SCF. The property must be located in France or in 
any other member state of the EC or European Economic Area (EEA) or in a State benefiting 
from the highest level of credit quality (meilleur échelon de qualité de crédit) assigned by an 
external rating agency recognised by the ACPR; 
(ii) 
exposures to public entities which are mentionned in Article L. 513-4 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier, which are assets such as loans, certain debt securities or off-balance-
sheet exposures to the entities listed below or fully guaranteed by them:  
- 
Central governments, central banks, public institutions or local authorities or their 
groups located in a Member State of the European Union (collectively, the Eligible 
States); 
- 
Central governments or central banks not located in an Eligible State, but who benefit 
from the highest level of credit quality (meilleur échelon de qualité de crédit) 
(established by a credit rating agency recognized by the ACPR);

--- Page 85 ---
85 
- 
International organizations referred to in Article 118 of Regulation (EU) no. 575/2013 
dated 26 June 2013 (as amended), multilateral development banks referred to in 
paragraph 2 of Article 117 of Regulation (EU) no. 575/2013 dated 26 June 2013 (as 
amended) and other international organizations and multilateral development banks 
benefiting from the highest level of credit quality established by a credit rating agency 
recognized by the ACPR pursuant to Article L. 511-44 of the French Code monétaire 
et financier; 
- 
Public institutions and local authorities or their groups not located in an Eligible State 
if financial exposure to such persons are subject, for the determination of capital 
adequacy, to the same requirements as those used for central governments, central 
banks or credit institutions, or fully guaranteed by such persons, and benefiting from 
the highest level of credit quality established by a credit rating agency recognized by 
the ACPR pursuant to Article L. 511-44 of the French Code monétaire et financier; and 
- 
Central governments and central banks not located in an Eligible State, public 
institutions or local authorities or their groups mentioned in the bullet point above 
benefiting from the second-highest level of credit quality (second meilleur échelon de 
qualité de crédit) established by a credit rating agency recognized by the ACPR, 
provided that such exposures are limited to twenty per cent. (20%) of the total 
outstanding nominal amount of the OF and other sources of financing benefiting from 
the Privilège; 
(iii) 
promissory notes (billets à ordre) governed by article L.313-42 et seq. of the Code monétaire 
et financier, under the conditions set out in article L.513-6 of the Code monétaire et financier; 
(iv) 
exposures that are, in accordance with Article L. 513-6 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier, "assimilated to" such exposures to public entities mentioned in Article L. 513-4 of 
the French Code monétaire et financier, where those securities are complying with the 
conditions set out in Article L. 513-4 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
Eligible assets of the public sector entities described above include, among other things: 
- 
debt securities issued, or fully guaranteed, by one or more of the public sector entities mentioned 
above; 
- 
monetary claims, including those resulting from a successive performance contract, against the 
public sector entities referred to above, or fully guaranteed by one or more of such public sector 
entities; 
- 
debt stemming from leasing contracts or equivalent contracts to which a public sector entity 
referred to above is party in the capacity of lessee or tenant, or debt stemming from leasing 
contracts or equivalent contracts fully guaranteed by one or more of those public sector entities. 
SCF that acquire debt resulting from a leasing contract may also acquire all or part of the debt 
that results from the sale of the leased property. 
With respect to the Issuer however, given its business activity, the sole eligible assets of the Issuer are: 
- 
the exposures to public entities referred to in paragraph (ii) above; 
- 
the exposures that are "assimilated to" such exposures to public entities, in accordance with 
Article L.513-6 of the French Code monétaire et financier, where those securities are

--- Page 86 ---
86 
complying with the conditions set out in Article L.513-4 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier; and 
- 
substitution Assets (valeurs de remplacement) within the meaning and conditions of articles 
L.513-7 and R.513-6 of the French Code monétaire et financier (defined as notes and securities 
issued or guaranteed by, or deposits with or guaranteed by, credit institutions or investment 
firms benefiting from the highest level of credit assessment (meilleur échelon de qualité de 
crédit) or the second level of credit assessment (second échelon de qualité de crédit)) assigned 
by an external rating agency recognised by the ACPR pursuant to article L.511-44 of the French 
Code monétaire et financier. 
Pursuant to Article R. 513-18 of the French Code monétaire et financier, the SCFs must keep the record 
of all loans made available by it or acquired by it. This record must specify the type and value of the 
security and guarantees attached to such loans and the type and amount of the liabilities benefiting from 
the Privilège. 
Pursuant to Article 12 of the CRBF Regulation, the Issuer shall dispose of a system for measuring 
overall interest rate risks under the conditions set forth in Articles 134 to 139 of the arrêté dated 3 
November 2014 relating to the internal control of credit institutions; and the level of rate matching 
between the assets and the liabilities of the Issuer shall be verified by the Cover Pool Monitor. The 
ACPR will define the rules on inclusion and valuation of the forward financial instruments. 
Sociétés de crédit foncier must publish and send to the ACPR certain quarterly an annual information 
on their assets and liabilities the detail, content and form of which are set forth in the CRBF Regulation 
and the relevant ACPR instructions (as amended from time to time, in particular as they have been 
amended by the entry into force of the decree-law (ordonnance) no. 2021-858 dated 30 June 2021 which 
transposes under French law the Covered Bonds Directive). 
Over-collateralisation ratio 
An SCF must at all times maintain an over-collateralisation ratio between its underlying cover pool and 
its liabilities benefiting from the Privilège. 
Pursuant to articles L.513-12 and R.513-8 of the French Code monétaire et financier, an SCF must at 
all times maintain a ratio of at least 105 per cent. between its assets (including claims for payment 
attached to forward financial instruments benefiting from the Privilège as well as any collateral received 
in relation to such forward financial instruments) and the total amount of its liabilities benefiting from 
the Privilège. 
When evaluating this coverage ratio, the Issuer takes into account exposures on related companies 
within the meaning of Regulation (EU) n°575/2013 of the European Parliament and Council dated 26 
June 2013. Indeed, when the asset exposure on these related companies exceeds 25% of non priviledged 
ressources, the difference between (i) the exposure on these related companies and (ii) the sum of 25% 
of non priviledged ressources and certain assets received as guarantee (as the case may be) and weighted 
to reflect their category, is deducted from the numerator.  
An SCF must appoint a cover pool monitor (contrôleur spécifique) with the approval of the ACPR 
whose task is to ensure that the required over-collateralisation ratio is at all times complied with. In 
particular, the cover pool monitor must certify that the over-collateralisation ratio is satisfied in 
connection with (i) the SCF's quarterly programme of issues benefiting from the Privilège and (ii) any 
specific issue also benefiting from the Privilège which amount is equal or greater than Euro 500 million.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
The cover pool monitor must verify the quality of the assets, the process of yearly revaluation and the 
quality of the asset liability management. 
Liquidity coverage 
Pursuant to articles L.513-8 and R.513-6 of the French Code monétaire et financier, a SCF must ensure, 
at any time, adequate coverage of its liquidity needs for a 180 calendar days period by eligible liquid 
assets listed in Article R. 513-7 of the French Code monétaire et financier, taking into account expected 
flows in principal and interests under its assets and net flows relating to forward financial instruments 
set forth in article L. 513-10 of the French Code monétaire et financier. Liquidity needs must be covered 
by liquid assets or short-term exposures to credit institutions complying with the provisions Article 
R.513-6 of the French Code monétaire et financier and assets eligible as collateral for the credit 
operations of the Banque de France in accordance with the procedures and conditions laid out by it for 
its monetary policy and intraday credit operations. In case of Notes for which the Maturity Date may 
be extended, the calculation of the expected provisional flows arising from loans or assimilated 
receivables, exposures and securities eligible to the assets of the Issuer in the meaning of Articles L.513-
28 and L.513-29 of the French Code monétaire et financier may be made on the basis of the Extended 
Maturity Date as specified in the relevant Final Terms or the Terms and Conditions.  
Subscription of its own obligations foncières by a société de crédit foncier 
Article L.513-26 of the French Code monétaire et financier provides that an SCF may subscribe its own 
obligations foncières for the sole purpose of allocating them to the guarantee of credit operations 
granted by the Banque de France in instances where the SCF is unable to cover its cash requirements 
by other means available to it. The obligations foncières thus subscribed must satisfy the following 
conditions: 
- 
they may represent a maximum of 10% of the total outstanding resources benefiting from the 
Privilège at the acquisition date; 
- 
they are deprived of the rights granted by articles L.228-46 to L.228-89 of the French Code de 
commerce while held by the société de crédit foncier; 
- 
they must be allocated as a guarantee to the Banque de France; in the absence of this allocation, 
they must be cancelled within eight (8) days; 
- 
they cannot be subscribed by third parties. 
The cover pool monitor must certify that these conditions are fulfilled, and issues a report of 
confirmation to the ACPR. 
Privilège 
Certain liabilities of the SCF (including obligations foncières) and those arising out of derivative 
transactions relating to the hedging of obligations foncières benefit from the legal Privilège set out under 
article L.513-11 of the French Code monétaire et financier to the extent that the legal documentation 
applicable thereto expressly refers to such Privilège and to the relevant certificate of the cover pool 
monitor. 
For a more detailed description of the Privilège, see "Privilège Relating to the Notes and Certain Other 
Obligations of the Issuer".

--- Page 88 ---
88 
Insolvency remoteness 
Article L. 513-20 of the French Code monétaire et financier precludes the extension to the SCF of any 
safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or 
judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) in respect of its shareholders. 
The SCF Law provides for a regime which derogates in many ways from the French legal provisions 
relating to insolvency proceedings. In particular, in the event of safeguard procedure (procédure de 
sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or judicial liquidation (liquidation 
judiciaire) of an SCF, all claims benefiting from the Privilège, including interest thereon, whatever their 
duration, must be paid on their due dates and in preference to all other claims, whether or not secured 
or preferred and, until payment in full of all such privileged claims, no other creditors may take any 
action against the assets of the SCF either in principal or accrued or future interest. 
Neither safeguard (sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or judicial liquidation 
(liquidation judiciaire) proceedings against the Issuer, nor resolution proceedings opened pursuant to 
Article L. 613-49 of the French Code monétaire et financier against the Issuer will, give rise to the right 
for the Noteholders to declare the Notes immediately due and payable. In case of bankruptcy 
proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde, de redressement ou de liquidation judiciaires) of a société de 
crédit foncier, the Cover Pool Monitor will be responsible for filing claims on behalf of creditors 
benefiting from the Privilège. 
Pursuant to Article L. 513-11 of the French Code monétaire et financier, notwithstanding any legal or 
contractual provision to the contrary, no termination, suspension, set-off or amendment of an ongoing 
forward financial instrument entered into by the Issuer can result solely from safeguard (sauvegarde), 
judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) 
proceedings against the Issuer, or resolution proceedings opened pursuant to Article L. 613-49 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier against the Issuer. 
In addition, certain nullity of transactions entered into during the hardening period (période suspecte) 
are not applicable for transactions or acts entered into by an SCF provided that such transactions and 
acts are made in accordance with their exclusive legal purpose and without fraud. Pursuant to article 
L.513-21 of the French Code monétaire et financier, in case of safeguard procedure (procédure de 
sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or judicial liquidation (liquidation 
judiciaire) of the credit institution which is acting as manager and servicer of the assets and liabilities 
of the SCF, the recovery, management and servicing contracts may be immediately terminated by the 
SCF notwithstanding any legal provisions to the contrary. 
Resolution procedures under the European Recovery and Resolution framework (BRRD) 
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 15 May 2014 provides for 
the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms entered into force on 2 July 2014 (the Banking Recovery and Resolution Directive 
or BRRD). The BRRD provides authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early 
and quickly in an unsound or failing institution so as to ensure the continuity of the institution's critical 
financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of an institution's failure on the 
economy and financial system. 
The BRRD has been implemented into French law in Articles L. 613-34 and seq. of the French Code 
monétaire et financier, by an ordonnance dated 20 August 2015 adapting French law to EU Financial 
Law (Ordonnance n°2015-1024 du 20 août 2015 portant diverses dispositions d’adaptation de la 
legislation au droit de l’Union européenne en matière financière) (the Ordonnance) ratified by law

--- Page 89 ---
89 
No. 2016-1691 dated 9 December 2016 (loi n°2016-1691 du 9 décembre 2016 relative à la 
transparence, à la lutte contre la corruption et à la modernisation de la vie économique) (the Recovery 
Framework). The European Parliament and the Council of the European Union adopted Directive (EU) 
2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the BRRD as 
regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and 
Directive 98/26/EC (the BRRD Revision and together with the BRRD, the BRRD II), which was 
implemented in France by an ordinance (Ordonnance n° 2020-1636 relative au régime de résolution 
dans le secteur bancaire) dated 21 December 2020 and an implementing decree (Décret no 2020-1703 
du 24 décembre 2020 relatif au régime de résolution dans le secteur bancaire). 
The Recovery Framework contains several resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or in 
combination where the relevant resolution authority considers that (a) an institution is failing or likely 
to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent 
the failure of such institution within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is necessary in 
the public interest. Among these is the bail-in tool which gives resolution authorities the power to 
recapitalise or restore the viability of an institution under specific conditions, to write-down certain debt 
claims of unsecured creditors of a failing institution and to convert certain unsecured debt claims, to 
equity, which equity could also be subject to any future cancellation, transfer or dilution by application 
of the bail-in tool. The BRRD also provides that the relevant resolution authority can modify the terms 
and conditions of debt instruments (including altering the maturity and/or the amount of interest payable 
and/or imposing a temporary suspension on payments). Financial public support should only be used as 
a last resort after having assessed and exploited, to the maximum extent practicable, the resolution tools, 
including the bail-in tool. 
Article L.613-55-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier expressly provides that the relevant 
resolution authority shall not exercise any write down or conversion powers in relation to secured 
liabilities (such as the Issuer Advances), including covered bonds (such as the Notes), save for the 
portion of the secured liabilities exceeding the value of the collateral granted as security. 
Moreover, it results from the provisions of Article L.613-50-4 of the French Code monétaire et financier 
provides that the sole existence of a resolution measure taken over the Borrower cannot trigger the 
termination of the Issuer Facility and the enforcement of the Collateral Security Assets as long as its 
material obligations under the Issuer Facility Agreement continue to be performed by the Borrower. 
Moreover, save for the protection of the availability of funds benefiting from the guarantee of the French 
fonds de garantie des dépôts et des résolution as provided by Article L.613-57-1 V of the French Code 
monétaire et financier, pursuant to Article L.613-57-1 III of the French Code monétaire et financier, 
the secured liabilities cannot be transferred to another entity separately from the related collateral 
arrangements. 
Implementation of current capital requirements and new CRD V package 
The framework of the Basel Committee for Banking Supervision has been implemented under EU 
legislation through the "CRD IV package" which consists of the Capital Requirements Directive no. 
2013/36/EU dated 26 June 2013 (CRD IV) and the Capital Requirements Regulation (EU) no. 575/2013 
dated 26 June 2013 (CRR). A number of requirements arising from the CRD IV package was 
implemented under French law by the Banking Law, as amended by the Ordonnance (as defined above). 
The implementation of the CRD IV package was finalized under French law by ordonnance no. 2014-
158 dated 20 February 2014 at the legislative level and several décrets and arrêtés dated 3 November 
2014. 
The implementation of CRD IV package, and any of its expected amendments, have and will continue 
to bring about a number of substantial changes to the current capital requirements, prudential oversight

--- Page 90 ---
90 
and riskmanagement systems, including those of the Issuer. The direction and the magnitude of the 
impact of of CRD IV package, and any of its expected amendments, will depend on the particular asset 
structure of each bank and its precise impact on the Issuer cannot be quantified with certainty at this 
time. The Issuer may operate its business in ways that are less profitable than its present operation in 
complying with the new guidelines resulting from the transposition and application of the CRD IV 
package. 
In addition, the implementation of CRD IV package and any of its expected amendments could affect 
the risk weighting of the Notes in respect of certain investors to the extent that those investors are 
subject to the new guidelines resulting from the implementation of the CRD IV package. Accordingly, 
recipients of this Base Prospectus should consult their own advisers as to the consequences and effects 
the implementation of the CRD IV package and any of its expected amendments could have on them. 
The European Parliament and the Council of the European Union adopted the Directive no. 
2019/878/EU dated 20 May 2019 amending the CRD IV (the CRD IV Revision and together with the 
CRD IV, the CRD V) and the Regulation no. 2019/876/EU dated 20 May 2019 amending the CRR (the 
CRR Revision and together with the CRR, the CRR II and together with the CRD V, the CRD V 
package). The CRD V package was published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 
2019 and came into force on 27 June 2019. 
On 7 June 2019, the new Regulation amending the CRR (the CRR Revision and together with CRR, 
the CRR II) and a new Directive amending the CRD (the CRD Revision and together with the CRD, 
the CRD V) which, inter alia, simplified the Net Stable Funding Ratio were published on the Official 
Journal of the European Union. The CRR II and CRD V entered into force on 27 June 2019.  
The CRD IV Revision was implemented in France by an ordinance (Ordonnance n°2020-1635 portant 
diverses dispositions d'adaptation de la législation au droit de l'Union européenne en matière 
financière) dated 21 December 2020 and a decree (Décret n°2020-1637 portant diverses dispositions 
d'adaptation au droit de l'Union européenne en matière financière et relative aux sociétés de 
financement) dated 22 December 2020. If some of the provisions of the CRR Revision apply 
immediately as from its entry into force (including those applicable to the new requirements for own 
funds and eligible liabilities), others shall apply several years after the date of its entry into force. The 
new provisions implement the Basel Committee’s finalised Basel III reforms dated December 2017 
within the European Union. 
Collateral Security Assets 
No interpretation by French courts of rules applicable to Collateral Security Assets 
The Collateral Security Assets are governed by the provisions of Articles L.211-38-I et seq. of the 
French Code monétaire et financier, being the applicable rules of French law implementing Directive 
2002/47/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 6 June 2002 on financial collateral 
arrangements which has been amended by Directive 2009/44/EC of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 6 May 2009 (the Collateral Directive). 
It should be noted that French courts have not yet had the opportunity to interpret Articles L.211-38-I 
et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
Impact of the hardening period on the Collateral Security Assets 
Under French law, the hardening period (période suspecte) is a period, the duration of which is 
determined by the bankruptcy judge upon the judgement recognising that the cessation of payments 
(cessation des paiements) of the insolvent company has occurred. The hardening period commences on

--- Page 91 ---
91 
the date of such judgement and extends for up to eighteen (18) months previous to the date of such 
judgement. 
Notwithstanding the above-mentioned, many arguments as described below would tend to consider that 
the French legal framework relating to the hardening period would not be applicable in the specific case 
of the Collateral Security Assets, subject to any French case law that would decide in the future that the 
guarantees governed by Article L.211-38-I of the French Code monétaire et financier fall within the 
scope of the French legal framework relating to the hardening period. 
The arguments are the following: 
- 
Article L.211-40 of the French Code monétaire et financier states that the provisions of book 
VI of the French Code de commerce (pertaining to insolvency proceedings as a matter of French 
law) shall not impede ("ne font pas obstacle") the application of Articles L.211-36 et seq. of 
the French Code monétaire et financier; 
- 
given the provisions of the Collateral Directive, Article L.211-40 of the French Code monétaire 
et financier would exclude application of Article L.632-1-6° of French Code de commerce, 
which provides for an automatic nullity of security interest granted during the hardening period 
to secure past obligations of a debtor and, therefore, that the Collateral Security Assets, which 
is governed by Articles L.211-38-I et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier, would 
not be avoided on the basis of said Article L.632-1-6° of French Code de commerce; and 
- 
in the specific case of Article L.632-2 of the French Code de commerce, which provides for a 
potential nullity of acts which are onerous (actes à titre onéreux) if the counterparty of the 
debtor was aware, at the time of conclusion of such acts, that the debtor was unable to pay its 
debts due with its available funds (en état de cessation des paiements). Article L.513-18 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier provides that the provisions of Article L.632-2 of the 
French Code de commerce are not applicable to contracts entered into by or with SCF, or to 
legal transactions entered into by SCF or on their behalf, where such contracts or such 
transactions are directly related to the transactions referred to in Article L.513-2 of the French 
Code monétaire et financier. 
Disproportionate guarantee 
Pursuant to Article L.650-1 of the French Code de commerce, a creditor may be held liable towards a 
bankrupt debtor if the credit granted by it to such debtor entailed a damage and the security interest 
securing such credit is disproportionate (disproportionné) compared to that credit. In such case, such 
security interest may be void or reduced by the judge. However, there is only few French case law 
decisions interpreting and implementing the provisions of Article L.650-1 of the French Code de 
commerce and accordingly, there is an uncertainty as to whether the provisions of Article L.650-1 of 
the French Code de commerce would apply to the Collateral Security Assets. Moreover, Article L.211-
40 of the French Code monétaire et financier expressly provides that the provisions of book VI of the 
French Code de commerce shall not impede (ne font pas obstacle) the application of Articles L.211-36 
et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier, save in case of fraud. 
Cover Pool Monitor 
A SCF must appoint a cover pool monitor (contrôleur spécifique) with the approval of the ACPR whose 
task is to ensure that the over-collateralisation ratio is at all times complied with. In particular, the cover 
pool monitor must certify that the over-collateralisation ratio is satisfied in connection with (i) the SCF's 
quarterly programme of issues benefiting from the Privilège and (ii) any specific issue also benefiting

--- Page 92 ---
92 
from the Privilège which amount is equal or greater than Euro 500 million. The cover pool monitor 
must verify the maintenance of the over-collateralisation ratio, the quality of the assets, the process of 
yearly revaluation and the level of matching of interests rates and maturities between assets and 
liabilities. The cover pool monitor (as described in the section entitled "Description of the Issuer") has 
access to information that allows it to carry out its legal control duties. This over-collateralisation ratio 
is published at the end of each quarter. 
Pursuant to Article L. 513-32 of the French Code monétaire et financier, in relation to Notes for which 
the Issuer requests the use, or benefits from, the "European Covered Bond (Premium)" label, the Cover 
Pool Monitor verifies that the provisions of Article 129 of Regulation (EU) no. 575/2013 dated 26 June 
2013 (as amended) are complied with. 
Pursuant to Articles R. 513-14 of the French Code monétaire et financier and Article 15 of the CRBF 
Regulation, the Cover Pool Monitor verifies, on a yearly basis, the availability of all information that 
must be disclosed in relation to the transfer plan to be put in place by the credit institutions or financing 
companies (sociétés de financement) entrusted with the management or the recovery of loans, bonds or 
other sources of financing of the Issuer pursuant to Article L. 513-15 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier. The transfer plan shall be sent to the ACPR.  
Extendable maturity structure 
Prior to the decree-law (ordonnance) no. 2021-858 dated 30 June 2021 and the decree (décret) no. 2021-
898 dated 6 July 2021, the Issuer already issued Notes with extendable maturity structures.  
Such practice is now enshrined by decree-law (ordonnance) no. 2021-858 dated 30 June 2021, the 
decree (décret) no. 2021-898 dated 6 July 2021, the decree (décret) no 2022-766 dated 2 May 2022 and 
the decree (décret) no. 2023-102 dated 16 February 2023.  
However, these provisions do not apply to obligations foncières issued before 8 July 2022. 
In accordance with Article L. 513-2 and Article R. 513-8-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier, 
a société de crédit foncier may issue obligations de crédit foncier with an extendable maturity date, 
provided that: 
(i) 
the relevant Maturity Extension Trigger Events mentioned in Article R. 513-8-1 of the French 
Code monétaire et financier are the following:  
a. in the event of a default of payment, on the Maturity Date initially set by the société de 
crédit foncier, of the principal or interest of a loan granted by the société de crédit 
foncier to a credit institution and guaranteed by the remittance, assignment or pledge 
of receivables pursuant to Articles L. 211-38 to L. 211-40 or Articles L. 313-23 to L. 
313-35 of the Code monétaire et financier, whether or not these receivables are of a 
professional nature. The same applies in the event of a default of payment, by the credit 
institution issuing promissory notes subscribed by the société de crédit foncier in 
accordance with the terms and conditions defined in Articles L. 313-43 to L. 313-48 of 
the French Code monétaire et financier, of the principal or interest on such promissory 
notes;  
b. in the event of a default of payment, on the Maturity Date initially set by the société de 
crédit foncier, of the principal or interest of the obligations de crédit foncier, by the 
société de crédit foncier;

--- Page 93 ---
93 
c. in the event a credit institution benefiting from loans granted by the société de crédit 
foncier and guaranteed by the remittance, assignment or pledge of receivables pursuant 
to Articles L. 211-38 to L. 211-40 or Articles L. 313-23 to L. 313-35 of the French 
Code monétaire et financier, whether or not these receivables are of a professional 
nature, or in the event a credit institution issuing promissory notes subscribed by the 
société de crédit foncier in accordance with the terms and conditions defined in Articles 
L. 313-43 to L. 313-48 of the French Code monétaire et financier, is subject to 
safeguard proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation or 
liquidation proceedings (procédure de redressement ou de liquidation judiciaires) or 
resolution proceedings opened pursuant to Article L. 613-49 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier;  
d. in the event the société de crédit foncier is subject to safeguard proceedings (procédure 
de sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation or liquidation proceedings (procédure de 
redressement ou de liquidation judiciaires) or resolution proceedings opened pursuant 
to Article L. 613-49 of the French Code monétaire et financier, 
(ii) 
the contractual Terms and Conditions of such obligations de crédit foncier specify the relevant 
Maturity Extension Trigger Event; 
(iii) 
the Maturity Date of such obligations de crédit foncier is at all times determinable; and 
(iv) 
in the events mentioned in paragraph (d) above, the maturity extensions do not affect the 
ranking of the investors in such obligations de crédit foncier or invert the sequencing of the 
original maturity schedule of such obligations de crédit foncier. 
With respect to the Issuer, the maturity of the Notes of a given Series may be extended in accordance 
with, and subject to, the provisions of Condition 7(a) (Final Redemption) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes. 
Labelling 
Pursuant to Article L. 513-26-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier, a société de crédit foncier 
may use, for its programme: 
(i) 
the "European Covered Bond" label for issuances of obligations de crédit foncier or other 
resources benefiting from the Privilège, provided that it complies with the SCF Legal 
Framework; and 
(ii) 
the "European Covered Bond (Premium)" label for issuances of obligations de crédit foncier 
or other resources benefiting from the Privilège, provided that it complies with the SCF Legal 
Framework and the provisions of Article 129 of Regulation (EU) no. 575/2013 dated 26 June 
2013 (as amended). 
If a société de crédit foncier either (i) requests the use of, or (ii) benefits from, the "European Covered 
Bond (Premium)" label, in accordance with Article L. 513-23 of the French Code monétaire et financier 
the Cover Pool Monitor verifies that the provisions of Article 129 of Regulation (EU) no. 575/2013 
dated 26 June 2013, (as amended) are complied with. 
Pursuant to Article 16 of the CRBF Regulation, the ACPR is responsible for the granting and 
supervision of both "European Covered Bond" and "European Covered Bond (Premium)" labels. The 
conditions and procedures for granting and monitoring these labels are detailed in Instruction no 2022-
I-23 issued by the ACPR on 9 December 2022. In particular, the ACPR publishes the list of obligations

--- Page 94 ---
94 
de crédit foncier that are entitled to use the "European Covered Bond" label and the list of obligations 
de crédit foncier that are entitled to use the "European Covered Bond (Premium)" label. Subject to the 
aforementioned verification of the Cover Pool Monitor and approval and supervision of ACPR, the 
Issuer intends to issue Notes that are eligible to use the "European Covered Bond (Premium)" label. 
On 16 January 2023, the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution confirmed in writing, based 
on the information provided by the Issuer, that the Notes issued under the Programme can benefit at 
this stage from the "European Covered Bond (Premium)" label. 
No representation is however made or assurance given that any Notes will remain eligible to the 
"European Covered Bond (Premium)" label until their Maturity Date.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
Incorporation, duration and registered office 
The Issuer is a credit institution (établissement de crédit), licensed as a specialized credit institution 
(établissement de crédit spécialisé) with the status of société de crédit foncier, incorporated under 
French law on 11 January 2007 for a period of ninety-nine (99) years as a société anonyme à conseil 
d'administration. The Issuer is registered under the name of Crédit Agricole Public Sector SCF in the 
Trade and Companies Registry (Registre du Commerce et des Sociétés) of Nanterre under number 493 
582 571 RCS Nanterre. The Issuer's former name was, since the date of its incorporation, SIGMA 22. 
It was changed to Crédit Agricole Export Credit Agencies SCF pursuant to the shareholders general 
meeting dated 17 May 2011 and was then changed to Crédit Agricole Public Sector SCF pursuant to 
the shareholders general meeting dated 11 May 2012. The Issuer's registered office is at 12, place des 
Etats-Unis, 92127 Montrouge Cedex, France, its telephone number: +33 1 41 89 05 19. Effective as 
from 1 September 2011, the Issuer was authorised to act as a société de crédit foncier by the Autorité 
de contrôle prudentiel (now replaced with the ACPR) on 2 September 2011. 
The Issuer is governed, inter alia, by the provisions of article L.210-1 et seq. of the French Code de 
commerce applicable to commercial companies, articles L.511-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire 
et financier applicable to credit institutions and articles L.513-2 et seq. of the French Code monétaire 
et financier applicable to sociétés de crédit foncier (see the section entitled "Main Features of the 
Legislation and Regulations relating to Sociétés de Crédit Foncier"). 
The Issuer is a member of the Crédit Agricole group (comprised of Crédit Agricole S.A., the Caisses 
régionales de Crédit Agricole Mutuel and their respective subsidiaries) (the Crédit Agricole Group). 
Share capital 
The Issuer's share capital amounts, as at the date of the Base Prospectus, to €10,000,000 divided into 
1,000,000 fully paid-up ordinary shares of a nominal value of €10 each. At the date of the Base 
Prospectus, 100 per cent. of this share capital save for one is directly owned by Crédit Agricole S.A.. 
The Issuer is dependent upon Crédit Agricole S.A. and the Crédit Agricole Group, including its 
operational resources.  
There is no authorised and unissued share capital. There are no securities which grant rights to shares 
in the capital of the Issuer. All shares have equal voting rights. 
While applying for the granting by the ACPR of a status of credit institution to the Issuer, Crédit 
Agricole SA in its capacity as shareholder of the Issuer issued a letter dated 20 April 2011 addressed to 
the ACPR informing the ACPR that it took note of the provisions of Article L. 511-42 of the French 
Code monétaire et financier pursuant to which the Governor of the Banque de France in his capacity as 
Chairman of the ACPR, may, when justified by the situation of a credit institution, invite the 
shareholders to provide the necessary support to the relevant credit institution. 
Issuer's corporate purpose 
In accordance with article L.513-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier which defines the 
exclusive purpose of the sociétés de crédit foncier and with Article 2 of its by-laws, the Issuer's 
exclusive purpose both in France and abroad is: 
concerning its assets: 
(a) 
to grant or acquire secured loans,

--- Page 96 ---
96 
(b) 
to grant or acquire exposure to public sector entities, 
(c) 
to acquire or purchase and hold units and debt instruments of securitisation vehicles 
(organismes de titrisation) or units and debt instruments issued by similar entities, 
(d) 
to acquire or purchase and hold securities, instruments and deposits sufficiently secure 
and liquid, and 
(e) 
to acquire and hold any movable and immovable property which is necessary for the 
accomplishment of its corporate purpose or which derives from the recovery of its 
debts, 
to the extent that, in each case, such loans, exposure, units, instruments, or property are admitted 
as assets of a société de crédit foncier in accordance with articles L.513-2 et seq. and R.513-1 
et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier (or any laws or regulations supplementing or 
replacing such provisions and applicable to sociétés de crédit foncier) and more generally hold 
any assets that can be held by a société de crédit foncier in accordance with those provisions;  
concerning its liabilities, use all the resources to which the société de crédit foncier is entitled in 
accordance under articles L.513-2 et seq. and R.513-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier 
(or any laws or regulations supplementing or replacing such provisions and applicable to sociétés de 
crédit foncier), which includes the issuance of obligations foncières benefiting from the privilege 
(privilège) mentioned in article L.513-11 of the French Code monétaire et financier;  
in the context of achieving its corporate purpose, conduct all financial and banking transactions and 
conclude the necessary contracts, participate in any interbank settlement system, in any settlement-
delivery system for financial instruments and all operations within the framework of the monetary 
policy of the European Central Bank and more generally, all operations related to its business or 
contributing to achieve its corporate purpose, when such operations comply with the purpose of the 
sociétés de crédit foncier under articles L.513-2 et seq. and R.513-1 et seq. of the French Code 
monétaire et financier (or any laws or regulations supplementing or replacing such provisions and 
applicable to sociétés de crédit foncier). 
Notwithstanding the generality of its corporate purpose, the Issuer has willingly agreed to restrict its 
activities only to granting or acquiring exposures to public sector entities as defined in articles L.513-4 
to L.513-5 of the French Code monétaire et financier and acquiring or holding Substitution Assets. The 
Issuer has committed itself towards the ACPR to abide to such restriction. For a more detailed 
description of the Issuer's business activities, see "Description of the Issuer – Business overview" below. 
Business overview 
General 
The establishment of the Issuer takes place as part of the Crédit Agricole S.A. refinancing and is 
intended to lower the overall cost of funding for the Crédit Agricole Group by mobilising public 
exposures only at a competitive cost. 
The Issuer's assets are limited to (i) public exposures complying with the provisions of article L.513-4 
of the French Code monétaire et financier, (ii) assets assimilated to those public exposures, as defined 
in article L.513-5 of the French Code monétaire et financier, and (iii) Substitution Assets.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
In order to refinance these assets, the Issuer will issue Notes (obligations foncières), which benefit from 
the privilège described in the section entitled "Privilège Relating to the Notes and Certain Other 
Obligations of the Issuer". All Notes rank pari passu with each other. 
It is expected that the Notes will be rated AAA by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited and Aaa by 
Moody's France S.A.S. and to be listed on Euronext Paris. 
By offering the market AAA/Aaa rated obligations foncières, which are a reflection, among other 
factors, of the intrinsic quality of the assets of the Issuer, the Issuer aims to increase the competitiveness 
of Crédit Agricole S.A.. By providing the market with an additional counterparty (in addition to Crédit 
Agricole S.A.), the Issuer should increase the Crédit Agricole Group's investor base. 
Pursuant to articles L.513-12 and R.513-8 of the French Code monétaire et financier, the total amount 
of the underlying assets of the Issuer (including substitution assets) must cover the amount of the 
liabilities benefiting from the privilège described in the section entitled "Privilège Relating to the Notes 
and Certain Other Obligations of the Issuer" up to at least 105 per cent., as further described in the 
section entitled "Main Features of the Legislation and Regulations relating to Sociétés de Crédit 
Foncier". The Issuer declares its over-collateralisation ratio quarterly as part of its reporting. As of 31 
December 2022, the over-collateralisation ratio was at 154.2%.  
Issuer Advances and Collateral Security Assets 
The Issuer may issue Notes for the purpose of funding advances (each, an Issuer Advance) to be made 
available by the Issuer to Crédit Agricole S.A. (the Borrower) under a multicurrency term facility 
agreement (the Issuer Facility Agreement), guaranteed by Collateral Security Assets (as defined 
below) to be transferred as security (remis en pleine propriété à titre de garantie) by the Borrower to 
the Issuer in accordance with article L.211-38 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier under 
a collateral security agreement (the Issuer Collateral Security Agreement) and the Liquidity, 
Commingling and Set-Off Collateral Security Agreement. Each Issuer Advance shall be made available 
in the same specified currency and according to the same interest and other conditions to those 
applicable to the Notes funding such Issuer Advance. 
The Issuer Advances will be made available to the Borrower for the purpose of funding advances (each, 
a Borrower Advance) to be made available by the Borrower to Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank, other subsidiaries of Crédit Agricole S.A. or Crédit Agricole's regional banks (the 
Caisses Régionales de Crédit Agricole Mutuel, as defined by article L.512-33 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier) (as borrowers) (each, an Originator) under one or more multicurrency term 
facility agreements (each, a Borrower Facility Agreement), guaranteed (i) by receivables (including, 
without limitation, receivables arising from loans, leases or any other contract or instrument) held by 
the Originators against, or guaranteed by, public sector entities and (ii) (as the case may be) by cash 
amounts and/or certain Substitution Assets (the Collateral Security Assets) to be transferred as security 
(remis en pleine propriété à titre de garantie) by each Originator to the Borrower in accordance with 
article L.211-38 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier under one or more collateral security 
agreements (each, a Borrower Collateral Security Agreement). Each Borrower Advance shall be 
made available in the same currency and according to the same interest and other conditions to those 
applicable to the corresponding Issuer Advance. 
Hedging 
Notes may be issued at a fixed or floating rate, in Euro or other currencies. Furthermore, the loans being 
part of the Collateral Security Assets will also comprise fixed or floating rate loans, in Euro or other 
currencies.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
Each Issuer Advance granted by the Issuer to the benefit of Crédit Agricole S.A. as Borrower under the 
Issuer Facility Agreement will be made available (i) in the currency in which the corresponding Series 
of Notes is denominated and (ii) subject to the same interest conditions to those applicable to the Notes 
funding such Issuer Advance. As a consequence, as long as certain events of default under the Issuer 
Facility Agreement (each a Borrower Event of Default) have not occurred, the Issuer shall not be 
exposed to any currency and interest risk regarding the Borrower's outstanding indebtedness under the 
Issuer Facility Agreement. 
Upon the occurrence of a Hedging Rating Trigger Event, the Issuer will enter into the Issuer Hedging 
Agreements with an eligible hedging counterparty and will apply the Hedging Strategy as more fully 
described under "Hedging Strategy" below in order to hedge any currency and/or interest rate risk it 
shall bear in respect of the Notes or the Collateral Security Assets. It is also contemplated that upon the 
occurrence of a Hedging Rating Trigger Event, the Issuer will enter into the Borrower Hedging 
Agreements with Crédit Agricole S.A. in order to transfer to Crédit Agricole S.A. the effect of the Issuer 
Hedging Agreement until a Borrower Event of Default which is enforced subject to, and in accordance 
with, the relevant terms of the Issuer Facility Agreement. 
Pursuant to articles L.513-10 and L.513-11 of the French Code monétaire et financier, the Eligible 
Hedging Provider under the Issuer Hedging Agreement and the Borrower Hedging Agreement will 
benefit from the Privilège. 
Upon the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default which is enforced subject to, and in accordance 
with, the relevant terms of the Issuer Facility Agreement, and the subsequent enforcement by the Issuer 
of its rights under the Collateral Security Assets transferred to it pursuant to the Issuer Collateral 
Security Agreement, the Issuer will maintain its rights and obligations under the existing Issuer Hedging 
Agreements and the Borrower Hedging Agreements will be immediately terminated. 
Financing of the Issuer’s activities 
In order to finance its activitites, the Issuer issue Notes (Obligations foncières) that benefit from the 
privilège described in the section entitled "Privilège Relating to the Notes and Certain Other 
Obligations of the Issuer". 
The total nominal amount outstanding as of 31 December 2022 was 4.5 billion euros. 
Principal Markets 
The Issuer mainly operates in France.  
Subsidiaries 
According to article L.513-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier, the Issuer, as a société de crédit 
foncier, is not allowed to hold shares in other companies. 
Management of the Issuer 
The Issuer is administrated by a board of directors (Conseil d'administration). 
The Issuer's board of directors, which at the date of this Base Prospectus comprises 8 members, has full 
powers to act in all circumstances on behalf of the Issuer within the limits set by its internal rules and 
the by-laws (statuts) of the Issuer and subject to the powers expressly conferred by the French Code de 
commerce on shareholders in general meetings.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
The Chairman of the Board, who is also Head of Liquidity Management of Crédit Agricole S.A., 
organises and directs the work of the board of directors, of which he shall give an account to the 
shareholders' meeting, ensures that the governing bodies of the Issuer operate properly, and that the 
directors are able to perform their duties. 
The management of the Issuer consists of the Chief Executive Officer (Directeur Général) and a Deputy 
Chief Executive Officer (Directeur Général Délégué), who are vested with the broadest powers to act 
in all circumstances on behalf of the Issuer within the limits of the corporate purpose, and subject to the 
powers expressly attributed by law to shareholders' meeting and the special powers of the board of 
directors. The Chief Executive Officer and the Deputy Chief Executive Officer represent the Issuer in 
its relationships with third parties. 
Names, business address and functions of the members of the board of directors and principal activities 
performed by them outside the Issuer:  
 
Names 
Business Address 
Function 
Principal activities 
performed outside the 
Issuer 
Mr Christophe 
CHURLET  
 
c/o Crédit Agricole S.A. 
12, place des Etats-Unis, 
92127 Montrouge Cedex 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors 
Head of Liquidity 
Management of Crédit 
Agricole S.A. 
Mrs Nadine FEDON 
c/o Crédit Agricole CIB 
12, place des Etats-Unis, 
CS 70052, 92547 
Montrouge Cedex 
Chief Executive Officer 
 
Group Head of Funding of 
Crédit Agricole S.A. 
Mrs Simona LO SINNO 
c/o Crédit Agricole S.A. 
12, place des Etats-Unis, 
92127 Montrouge Cedex 
Director 
Head of Financial 
Management Coordination 
for the Credit Agricole SA 
Group 
 
Mrs Isabelle ROSEAU 
c/o Crédit Agricole CIB 
12 place des Etats-Unis, CS 
70052, 92547 Montrouge 
Cedex 
Deputy Chief Executive 
Officer, Director 
Head of Structuring Credit 
Agricole Group 
Mr André GAZAL 
c/o Crédit Agricole CIB 
12 place des Etats-Unis, CS 
70052, 92547 Montrouge 
Cedex 
Director 
Global Head of Export 
Finance of Crédit Agricole 
CIB 
Francois-Edouard 
HETIER 
 
c/o Crédit Agricole CIB 
12 place des Etats-Unis, CS 
70052, 92547 Montrouge 
Cedex 
Director 
Head of CASA-CACIB 
ALM Executing 
Management Group

--- Page 100 ---
100 
Names 
Business Address 
Function 
Principal activities 
performed outside the 
Issuer 
Mrs Laure LEGAUD 
c/o Crédit Agricole CIB 
12 place des Etats-Unis, CS 
70052, 92547 Montrouge 
Cedex 
Director 
Central Coordinator of 
Asset Allocation of Crédit 
Agricole CIB 
Mr Adrien CASSANET  
c/o Crédit Agricole CIB 
12 place des Etats-Unis, CS 
70052, 92547 Montrouge 
Cedex 
Director 
 
Head of ALM and Financial 
Steering 
 
Mr Philipe MORIN 
c/o Crédit Agricole S.A 
12 place des Etats-Unis, 
92127 Montrouge Cedex 
Director 
Corporate M&A banker 
The Issuer identified no potential conflicts of interests between the duties to it by the members of the 
board of directors and their private interests. 
The internal control of the Issuer is performed by Patrick Nicloux, who reports hierarchically to Paul 
Foubert, Head of Group Finance at Crédit Agricole S.A., and functionally to Pierrick Bonneau, Global 
Head of Financial Risk of Crédit Agricole S.A.. The Issuer will be audited in accordance with the 
principles, rules and standards applicable to the Crédit Agricole Group and more specifically to the 
credit institutions. 
Staff 
The Issuer has no employees. Its technical administration has been subcontracted to its parent, Crédit 
Agricole S.A., which acts in accordance with the instructions of the Issuer's board of directors. 
Compliance with the corporate governance regulations 
The Issuer complies with the corporate governance regulations applicable to French companies. 
Membership of professional organisation 
The Issuer is a member of the Association Française des Sociétés Financières, 24, avenue de la Grande 
Armée, 75584 Paris Cedex 17. 
Independent Auditors 
Statutory auditors 
The Issuer has appointed two statutory auditors (commissaires aux comptes) and two deputy statutory 
auditors (commissaires aux comptes suppléants) in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. 
The Issuer's statutory auditors were appointed in 2007. Their mandates were renewed lastly on 17 May 
2019.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
Statutory auditors 
Ernst & Young et Autres 
Pricewaterhousecoopers Audit 
1/2, place des Saisons 
63 rue de Villiers 
92400 Courbevoie – Paris – La Défense 1 
92200 Neuilly sur Seine 
France 
France 
Substitute statutory auditors 
PICARLE ET ASSOCIES  
 
1/2, place des Saisons 
63 rue de Villiers 
92400 Courbevoie – Paris – La Défense 1 
92200 Neuilly sur Seine 
 
France 
Cover Pool Monitor 
Furthermore, the Issuer has appointed, in accordance with articles L.513-20 to L.513-21 of the French 
Code monétaire et financier a cover pool monitor (contrôleur spécifique), and a substitute cover pool 
monitor (contrôleur spécifique suppléant), who are selected from the official list of auditors and are 
appointed by the board of directors of the Issuer with the approval of the ACPR. 
The cover pool monitor (contrôleur spécifique) ensures that the Issuer complies with the French Code 
monétaire et financier (in particular, verifying the quality and the eligibility of the assets and the over-
collateralisation ratios). He also monitors the balance between the Issuer's assets and liabilities in terms 
of rates and maturity (cash flow adequacy) and notifies the board of directors of the Issuer and the 
ACPR if it considers such balance to be unsatisfactory. The cover pool monitor (contrôleur spécifique) 
attends all shareholders' meetings and, on its request, may be heard by the board of directors in 
accordance with article L.513-20 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
The current cover pool monitor (contrôleur spécifique) and the substitute cover pool monitor 
(contrôleur spécifique suppléant) were appointed on 15 december 2022. The ACPR approved the 
appointments, effectives as of 1 January 2023. The cover pool monitor and the substitute cover pool 
monitor are appointed for four years until the Board of Directors in December 2026.  
 
Cover Pool Monitor 
Substitute Cover Pool Monitor 
Cailliau Dédouit et Associés (CDA) 
19 rue Clément Marot 
75008 Paris 
Monsieur Rémi Savournin  
19 rue Clément Marot 
75008 Paris 
représenté par Laurent Brun - Associé 
associé du cabinet CDA

--- Page 102 ---
102 
RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THE ISSUER, CRÉDIT AGRICOLE S.A. AND CRÉDIT 
AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT BANK 
The Issuer has entered into the following agreements: 
- 
a servicing agreement (contrat de gestion et de recouvrement) pursuant to which Crédit 
Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank (the Servicer) shall carry out, in accordance with 
article L.513-15 of the French Code monétaire et financier, all tasks associated with the 
administration and recovery of the Collateral Security Assets transferred, from time to time, to 
the Issuer in accordance with article L.211-38 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier 
as security for the obligations of Crédit Agricole S.A. under the Issuer Advances (the Master 
Servicing Agreement); 
- 
an administration agreement (convention d'externalisation de prestations de services) pursuant 
to which Crédit Agricole S.A. (the Administrator) shall (i) fulfil regulatory obligations of 
permanent supervision, periodic supervision and compliance supervision on behalf of the Issuer 
and (ii) shall provide the Issuer with certain services required by the operations of the Issuer, 
in particular for financial (financial management) and legal purposes (the Administration 
Agreement).

--- Page 103 ---
103 
HEDGING STRATEGY 
Hedging Approved Form Letter and Hedging Agreements 
The Issuer and Crédit Agricole S.A. have agreed to enter into, on or prior to the date of the Programme, 
a letter agreement (the Hedging Approved Form Letter) for the purpose of implementing a hedging 
strategy (the Hedging Strategy) pursuant to which the Issuer and Crédit Agricole S.A. agree on the 
Approved Form of the Hedging Agreements (as defined below). 
The Hedging Strategy provides for the entry into of two sets of hedging agreements (the Hedging 
Agreements) and related hedging transactions (the Hedging Transactions) in a form substantially 
similar to the relevant Approved Forms (or, when legally required, its equivalent under the FBF 
(Fédération Bancaire Française) standard form) and in a substance acceptable to the Rating Agencies. 
The first set of Hedging Agreements consists of the Issuer Hedging Agreement to be entered into by 
the Issuer with an Eligible Hedging Provider upon the occurrence of a Hedging Rating Trigger Event, 
in order to hedge any currency and/or interest rate risk borne by the Issuer in connection with any Series 
of Notes or any Collateral Security Assets. 
The second set of Hedging Agreements consists of the Borrower Hedging Agreement to be entered into 
by the Issuer with Crédit Agricole S.A. upon the occurrence of a Hedging Rating Trigger Event, which 
shall constitute a back-to-back agreement of the Issuer Hedging Agreement. The Borrower Hedging 
Agreement aims at transferring to Crédit Agricole S.A. the effect of the Issuer Hedging Agreement and 
related Hedging Transaction(s) (the Issuer Hedging Transaction(s)) until a Borrower Event of Default 
is enforced subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant terms of the Issuer Facility Agreement. 
The Hedging Agreements shall hedge the amount of interest and principal payable by the Issuer under 
any relevant Series of Notes in the relevant Specified Currency against the interest rate and/or currency 
risk of the payments corresponding to the interest and principal in each relevant currency to be received 
by the Issuer under the Collateral Security Assets following the enforcement by the Issuer of its rights 
under the Collateral Security Assets transferred to it pursuant to the Issuer Collateral Security 
Agreement. 
The floating interest rate applicable to the Hedging Transactions will refer to Euribor 1 month or to any 
other index agreed by the Issuer (the Permitted Index) and notified to the Rating Agencies. 
Upon the issuance of each Series of Notes and in accordance with the Issuer Facility Agreement, Crédit 
Agricole S.A. (the Issuer Calculation Agent) shall communicate to the Issuer (with copy to the Rating 
Agencies) the margin (relative to the agreed Permitted Index) to be paid by the Issuer when hedging the 
interest and principal payable by it under such Series in the relevant Specified Currency, into variable 
rate flows denominated in Euro and indexed to the agreed Permitted Index (the Notes Hedging Margin) 
and, with respect to any FX Hedging Transaction entered into in order to hedge any currency risk, the 
FX rate. 
In accordance with the Issuer Facility Agreement, at the end of each 3 calendar months' period as from 
the date of the Programme, the Issuer Calculation Agent shall communicate to the Issuer (with copy to 
the Rating Agencies) the average margin (relative to the agreed Permitted Index) to be received by the 
Issuer when hedging the interest and principal payable under the Collateral Security Assets in each 
relevant currency, into variable rate flows denominated in Euros and indexed to the agreed Permitted 
Index (the Assets Hedging Margin) and, with respect to any FX Hedging Transaction entered into in 
order to hedge any currency risk, the FX rate.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
Hedging Strategy upon the occurrence of a Hedging Rating Trigger Event 
Upon the occurrence of a Hedging Rating Trigger Event: 
(a) 
the Issuer will enter into with an Eligible Hedging Provider a hedging agreement (the Issuer 
Hedging Agreement) and related Issuer Hedging Transaction(s), in order to hedge any 
currency and/or interest rate risk it will bear in respect of the Notes or the Collateral Security 
Assets. The Issuer Hedging Transactions entered and to be entered into under the Issuer 
Hedging Agreement will swap the payments to be respectively paid or received under (i) each 
Series of Notes or (ii) the Collateral Security Assets to Euro/Permitted Index; and 
(b) 
the Issuer will enter into with Crédit Agricole S.A. a hedging agreement (the Borrower 
Hedging Agreement) and related Hedging Transaction(s) (the Borrower Hedging 
Transaction(s)), in order to transfer to Crédit Agricole S.A. the effect of the Issuer Hedging 
Agreement and related Issuer Hedging Transaction(s) referred to above (but only until a 
Borrower Event of Default is enforced subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant terms of 
the Issuer Facility Agreement, upon which the Borrower Hedging Agreement will be 
immediately terminated). Under the Borrower Hedging Transaction(s), the Issuer will receive 
amounts equal to its payment obligations under the Issuer Hedging Transaction(s) and will pay 
amounts equal to the amounts it receives under the Issuer Hedging Transaction(s). 
Financial conditions - The financial conditions of the Hedging Agreements shall be determined so that 
(1) the margin payable by the Issuer under the Issuer Hedging Agreement related to a Series of Notes 
does not exceed the Notes Hedging Margin calculated for such Series and (2) the margin due to the 
Issuer under the Issuer Hedging Agreement related to the Collateral Security Assets is at least equal to 
the last communicated Assets Hedging Margin. 
Depending on the market conditions prevailing at the time the Hedging Agreements are entered into, 
each Hedging Transaction may be "in the money" or "out of the money" from the Issuer's standpoint. 
As a result, the Issuer (1) will be required to pay to, or will receive from, the Eligible Hedging Provider 
under each Issuer Hedging Transaction a premium (soulte) (such premium will in particular take into 
account any sums to be paid (if any) given the prevailing market conditions) and (2) will receive from, 
or pay to, the Borrower a corresponding amount under the relevant Borrower Hedging Transaction(s).  
If notwithstanding the payment of the premiums (soultes) referred to above, the Issuer still has to bear 
costs and expenses when it negotiates and/or enters into any Hedging Agreements and/or related 
Hedging Transactions to comply with any of the conditions referred to above, the Borrower has 
undertaken to pay any such costs and expenses. 
In addition, the Issuer and the Borrower have undertaken that any costs and/or expenses to be paid in 
relation to any Hedging Agreements and/or related Hedging Transactions shall be paid, unless otherwise 
agreed, at a payment date under the applicable Hedging Transaction. 
Borrower Event of Defaults - Upon the occurrence of a Hedging Rating Trigger Event: (1) any failure 
by the Issuer to enter into, within thirty (30) calendar days from the date of occurrence of the relevant 
Hedging Rating Trigger Event, an appropriate Issuer Hedging Agreement (and related Issuer Hedging 
Transactions) with an Eligible Hedging Provider or an appropriate Borrower Hedging Agreement (and 
related Borrower Hedging Transactions) with the Borrower and (2) any failure by Crédit Agricole S.A. 
to enter into, within thirty (30) calendar days from the date of occurrence of the relevant Hedging Rating 
Trigger Event, an appropriate Borrower Hedging Agreement (and related Borrower Hedging 
Transactions) with the Issuer or any failure by the Borrower to pay any costs and expenses referred to 
above constitute a Borrower Event of Default.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
Downgrading of the Hedging Provider - Pursuant to the terms of the Hedging Agreements, in the event 
that the relevant ratings of the Eligible Hedging Provider(s) (or its respective guarantor, as applicable) 
(the Hedging Provider) is or are downgraded by a Rating Agency below the required ratings specified 
in the relevant Hedging Agreement and, where applicable, the relevant Hedging Provider will, in 
accordance with and pursuant to the terms of the relevant Hedging Agreement, be required to take 
certain remedial measures which may include one or more of the following: (i) providing collateral for 
its obligations under the relevant Hedging Agreement; (ii) arranging for its obligations under the 
relevant Hedging Agreement to be transferred to a replacement hedging provider with the ratings 
determined in accordance with the methodologies published by the Rating Agencies (as specified in the 
relevant Hedging Agreement); (iii) procuring another entity with the ratings required by the relevant 
Rating Agency (as specified in the relevant Hedging Agreement) to become co-obligor in respect of its 
obligations under the relevant Hedging Agreement; and/or (iv) taking such other actions as the relevant 
Hedging Provider may agree with the relevant Rating Agency. 
Termination - The Issuer Hedging Agreement may be terminated in accordance with certain termination 
events and events of default. A Borrower Event of Default will not constitute a termination event under 
any Issuer Hedging Agreement. 
The Borrower Hedging Agreement may be terminated in accordance with certain termination events 
and events of default. In particular, a Borrower Event of Default which is enforced subject to, and in 
accordance with, the relevant terms of the Issuer Facility Agreement constitutes the occurrence of a 
termination event under a Borrower Hedging Agreement but does not constitute the occurrence of a 
termination event under an Issuer Hedging Agreement. 
Hedging Strategy upon the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default 
Upon the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default which is enforced subject to, and in accordance 
with, the relevant terms of the Issuer Facility Agreement, and the subsequent enforcement by the Issuer 
of its rights under the Collateral Security Assets: 
(i) 
the Issuer will maintain its rights and obligations under the existing Issuer Hedging Agreement; 
and 
(ii) 
the Borrower Hedging Agreement will be immediately terminated. 
Defined terms 
For the purpose of this section: 
Approved Form means a 1992 (Multicurrency - Cross Border) or 2002 ISDA Master 
Agreement (including its schedule), credit support document and confirmation governed 
thereby or, as the case may be, a 2001 or 2007 FBF or June 2013 FBF Master Agreement 
relating to transactions on forward financial instruments (including its schedule), collateral 
annex and confirmation governed thereby, in a form agreed by the Issuer and the Borrower 
pursuant to the Hedging Approved Form Letter or as otherwise agreed with the Rating 
Agencies. 
Eligible Hedging Provider means a financial institution which meets the following conditions: 
(a) 
such financial institution is permitted under any applicable and relevant law to enter into 
derivative contracts with French residents; and

--- Page 106 ---
106 
(b) 
(i) the rating of its senior unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations is at 
least a Hedging Required Rating, or (ii) the rating of the senior unsecured, unsubordinated and 
unguaranteed debt obligations of its guarantor under the relevant Hedging Agreement is at least 
a Hedging Required Rating, or (iii) this financial institution has provided collateral for its 
obligations under the relevant Hedging Agreement and taken any remedial action as agreed 
with the relevant Rating Agencies. 
Hedging Rating Trigger Event means the event in which the senior unsecured, 
unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations of Crédit Agricole S.A. become rated below 
A1 (short term) by S&P or Prime-1 (short term) by Moody's. 
Hedging Required Rating means, as regards any Eligible Hedging Provider or, as applicable, 
its guarantor under the relevant Hedging Agreement in relation to the hedging of currency risks, 
interest risks and other risks, (i) a rating of A1 (short term) by S&P or, if the relevant entity has 
no short-term, unsecured and unsubordinated debt obligations which are rated by S&P, its long-
term, unsecured and unsubordinated debt obligations a rating as high as A+ and (ii) with respect 
to Moody's (A) where such entity is the subject of a Moody's Short-term Rating, a rating of 
Prime-1 (short term) and A2 (long-term) by Moody's and (B) where such entity is not the 
subject of a Moody's Short-term Rating, a rating of A1 or above by Moody's. 
Hedging Approved Form Letter means the letter agreement dated on or prior the date of the 
Programme entered into between the Issuer and the Borrower in order to implement the 
Hedging Strategy of the Issuer and pursuant to which the Issuer and the Borrower agree on the 
Approved Form of the Hedging Agreements.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the indicative form of Final Terms which, subject to modification and/or amendment, 
will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. 
 
[PRIIPs/IMPORTANT - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The 
Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in 
point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended or superseded, the Insurance Distribution 
Directive ), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as 
amended (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may 
be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 1 
[PRIIPs/IMPORTANT - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 
of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY 
TARGET MARKET– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes taking into account the five categories referred to 
in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 has led to the conclusion that: (i) 
the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined 
in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative 
                                                          
1 If the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no key information document will be prepared in the EEA, the legend should be 
included. Legend to be included if the Notes are not intended to be sold to EEA retail clients. 
2 If the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no key information document will be prepared in the UK, the legend should be included. 
Legend to be included if the Notes are not intended to be sold to UK retail clients.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
target market3]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 4 
5[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY 
TARGET MARKET– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes taking into account the five categories referred to 
in item 18 of the Guidelines published by the ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s 
policy statement entitled "Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials"), has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market6]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 7 
 
OR 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONNAL 
INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES TARGET MARKET – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published 
by ESMA on 5 February 2018, has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is 
eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, MiFID II)][MiFID II]; EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution 
services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate 
- investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management [,/ and][ non-advised sales][and pure execution 
                                                          
3 ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a programme which only envisages 
vanilla issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market placeholder. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along 
the following lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible with the needs, characteristic and 
objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]." 
4 Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of Notes with a denomination of at least €100,000, 
taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018. 
5 The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR 
manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend 
or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included 
6 ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a programme which only envisages 
vanilla issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market placeholder. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along 
the following lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible with the needs, characteristic and 
objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]." 
7 Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of Notes with a denomination of at least €100,000, 
taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the 
FCA’s policy statement entitled “Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials”).

--- Page 109 ---
109 
services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as 
applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market8]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the 
distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].]9 
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL 
INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES TARGET MARKET – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published 
by the ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled "Brexit our 
approach to EU non-legislative materials"), has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA), and eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS) and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non- advised sales and pure execution 
services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate 
- investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales][and pure execution 
services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as 
applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, 
subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].]] 10 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                          
8 ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a programme which only envisages 
vanilla issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market placeholder. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along 
the following lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible with the needs, characteristic and 
objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]." 
9 Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes with a denomination of less than 
€100,000, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018. 
10 Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000, 
taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with 
the FCA’s policy statement entitled “Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials”).

--- Page 110 ---
110 
Final Terms dated [date] 
 
[Logo if document is printed] 
 
Crédit Agricole Public Sector 
(Issuer) 
 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] (Obligations Foncières) 
under the €10,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Issue Price: [     ] per cent. 
 
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)]

--- Page 111 ---
111 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in 
the Base Prospectus dated 16 June 2023 which received approval n°. 23-232 from the Autorité des 
marchés financiers (the AMF) [and any supplement thereto] which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus (the Base Prospectus) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the 
Prospectus Regulation). 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 5.4 
of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus in order to 
obtain all the relevant information. [A summary of the issue of the Notes is annexed to these Final 
Terms.]11 The Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for 
viewing on the website of the Autorité des marchés financiers (www.amf-france.org) during a period 
of 12 months from the date of approval of the Base Prospectus and during normal business hours at the 
registered office of the Issuer where copies may be obtained.  
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
Conditions), set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [original date] [and the supplement(s) to it dated 
[]], which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 16 June 2023. This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended (the Prospectus Regulation) and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus dated 16 June 2023 which received approval no. 23-232 from the Autorité des marchés 
financiers (AMF), [and the supplement(s) to it dated [] which received visa no. [] from the AMF], 
[which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation] (the 
Base Prospectus) in order to obtain all the relevantinformation. [A summary of the issue of the Notes 
is annexed to these Final Terms.]12 The Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] 
[is] [are] available for viewing on the website of the Autorité des marchés financiers (www.amf-
france.org) during a period of 12 months from the date of approval of the Base Prospectus and during 
normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer where copies may be obtained. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not applicable". Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in 
which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted. Italics 
denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
Crédit Agricole Public Sector SCF 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[     ] 
                                                          
11 Only required for Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000. 
12 Only required for Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
assimilated (assimilables) and 
form a single Series: 
[The Notes will be assimilated (assimilables) and 
form a single Series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with the existing [identify 
earlier Tranches] on [the Issue Date/the date of 
exchange of the Temporary Global Certificate 
for interests in the Definitive Materialised Notes, 
as referred to in paragraph 22(iii) below, which 
is expected to occur on or about [insert date].] / 
[Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency: 
[     ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes: 
[     ] 
(i) 
Series: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[     ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[     ] per cent of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
6. 
Specified Denomination(s):  
[     ] 
 
(one (1) denomination only for Dematerialised 
Notes) 13 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to the 
relevant month and year] 
 
[The Notes, having a soft bullet maturity in 
accordance with Condition 7(a), will be 
redeemed at the Maturity Date unless their 
maturity is extended to the Extended Maturity 
Date as specified below.] 
9. 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[] 
The 
Maturity 
Date 
will 
be 
extended 
automatically to the Extended Maturity Date 
upon the occurrence of any of the Maturity 
Extension Trigger Event. In such case the 
                                                          
13 Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United 
Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of FSMA and having a maturity of less than one year must 
have a minimum denomination of Sterling 100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).

--- Page 113 ---
113 
payment of such Final Redemption Amount shall 
be automatically deferred and shall become due 
and payable on the Extended Maturity Date, 
provided that (i) any amount representing the 
Final Redemption Amount, as specified below, 
remaining unpaid on the Maturity Date may be 
paid by the Issuer on any Specified Interest 
Payment Date thereafter and (ii) interest will 
continue to accrue on any unpaid amount during 
such extended period at the relevant newly 
applicable Rate of Interest and be payable on 
each relevant Specified Interest Payment Date] / 
[Not applicable] 
9 bis.    Maturity Extension Trigger Event(s): 
[Applicable as per Condition 7(a)] / [Not 
Applicable] 
10. 
Interest Basis/Rate of Interest: 
[[     ] per cent Fixed Rate [for the period from 
and including the Interest Commencement Date 
to but excluding the Maturity Date (further 
particulars specified in paragraph 15 below)]] 
 
[EURIBOR] 
 
[+/– [] per cent Floating Rate] 
 
[Fixed/Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[If the Notes are Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
specify all Interest Basis that apply] 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
11. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on 
the Maturity Date [or on any Specified Interest 
Payment Date occurring thereafter up to and 
including the Extended Maturity Date] as the 
case may be at [[]]/[100]] per cent. of their 
nominal amount] 
[The Final Redemption Amount should be equal 
to or more than 100 per cent.] 
12. 
Change of Interest or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Applicable – Fixed/Floating Rate Notes/Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Optional Change of Interest Date / Automatic 
Change of Interest Date: []]

--- Page 114 ---
114 
[Specify details for convertibility of the Fixed 
Rate to the Floating Rate or cross refer to 
paragraphs 16 and 17 below] 
13. 
Put/Call Option: 
[Put Option] 
[Call Option] 
(further particulars specified below) 
 
[Not applicable] 
14. 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
Obligations Foncières 
(ii) 
Date of corporate authorisations 
for issuance of Notes obtained: 
Decision of the board of directors (Conseil 
d'administration) dated [     ] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
[In respect of Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: from 
(and including) [] to (but excluding) []:] 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[     ] per cent per annum [payable [annually / 
semi-annually / quarterly / monthly / other 
(specify)] in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date] 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[     ] in each year, [from and including [] up to 
and including the [Maturity Date/Extended 
Maturity Date/[]]  [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention and any 
applicable Business Centre(s) for the definition 
of Business Day]/not adjusted] 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[     ] per [     ] in Specified Denomination 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[Insert particulars of any initial or final broken 
interest amounts which do not correspond with 
the Fixed Coupon Amount(s)]/[Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/365 / Actual/Actual 
/ Actual/Actual-ISDA / Actual/Actual-ICMA / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 
360/360 / Bond Basis / 30E/360 / Eurobond 
Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(vi) 
Interest Determination Dates: 
[[     ] in each year]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(insert regular Interest Payment Dates, ignoring 
Issue Date or Maturity Date (or Extended

--- Page 115 ---
115 
Maturity Date, as the case may be) in the case of 
a long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only 
relevant 
where 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
16. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
[In respect of Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: from 
(and including) [] to (but excluding) []:] 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Specified 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates: 
[     ] 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[     ] 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date: 
[Interest Payment Date/Other (specify)] 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/ Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/ Preceding 
Business Day Convention] 
 
[Insert "unadjusted" if the application of the 
relevant Business Day Convention is not 
intended to affect the Interest Amount payable on 
any date] 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s): 
[     ] 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/FBF 
Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(viii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Fiscal Agent): 
[     ] 
(ix) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
(Condition 6(c)(iii)(C): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR] 
- 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[[     ] [T2] Business Days in [specify city] for 
[specify currency] prior to [the first day in each 
Interest Accrual Period/each Interest Payment 
Date]]

--- Page 116 ---
116 
- 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[     ] 
- 
Relevant Screen Page 
Time: 
[     ] 
- 
Relevant 
Inter-Bank 
Market: 
[     ] 
(x) 
FBF Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Floating 
Rate 
(Taux 
Variable): 
[     ] 
- 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination 
Date 
(Date de Détermination 
du Taux Variable): 
[     ] 
(xi) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions]/[2021 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
- 
Floating Rate Option: 
[     ] 
- 
Designated Maturity: 
[     ] 
- 
Reset Date: 
[As per Condition 6(c)(iii)(B)] / [     ] 
- 
Calculation Period: 
[     ] 
- 
Fixing Day: 
[     ] 
- 
Effective Date: 
[Interest Commencement Date] / [     ] 
- 
Termination Date: 
[As per Condition 6(c)(iii)(B)] / [     ] 
- 
Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable [: specify applicable number of 
days] (if no number is specified, the applicable 
number of days shall be five (5) days / Not 
Applicable] 
- 
Compounding: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] (Only applicable 
where the Floating Rate Option is on overnight 
rate)

--- Page 117 ---
117 
- 
OIS Compounding: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
- 
Compounding 
with 
Lookback: 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
[Lookback: [     ]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the 
default value will be five (5)) 
- 
Compounding 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift: 
 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]  
[Observation Period Shift: [     ]]  
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the 
default value will be five (5)) 
- 
Set in Advance: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
- 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: 
 
 
[     ] 
- 
Compounding 
with 
Lockout: 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
Lockout Period Business Day: [specify the 
relevant financial center(s)] 
[Lockout: [     ]]  
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the 
default value of the Lockout will be five (5)) 
- 
2021 ISDA Definitions 
Linear Interpolation: 
 
[Applicable (specify the Shorter Designated 
Maturity and the Longer Designated Maturity, 
each as defined in te 2021 ISDA Definitions) / 
Not Applicable]] 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][     ] per cent per annum/ [Not Applicable]

--- Page 118 ---
118 
(xiii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[Condition 6.(g)(ii) applies/[     ] per cent per 
annum]14 
(xiv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable/[     ] per cent per annum] 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/365 / Actual/Actual 
/ Actual/Actual-ISDA / Actual/Actual-ICMA / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 
360/360 / Bond Basis / 30E/360 / Eurobond 
Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
17. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[     ] per cent per annum 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/365 / Actual/Actual 
/ Actual/Actual-ISDA / Actual/Actual-ICMA / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 
360/360 / Bond Basis / 30E/360 / Eurobond 
Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[     ] per Note of [     ] Specified Denomination 
[The Optional Redemption Amount should be 
equal to or more than 100 per cent.] 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the items below) 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[     ] 
                                                          
14 [In no event shall the amount of interest payable be less than zero.]

--- Page 119 ---
119 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[     ] 
(iv) 
Notice Period  
[As per Conditions / [     ]] 
19. 
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[     ] per Note of [     ] Specified Denomination 
[The Optional Redemption Amount should be 
equal to or more than 100 per cent.] 
(iii) 
Notice Period  
[As per Conditions /[     ]] 
20. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note: [[     ] per Note of [     ] Specified Denomination/ 
Specified Denomination] 
[The Final Redemption Amount should be equal 
to or more than 100 per cent.] 
21. 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note: 
[     ]  
[The Early Redemption Amount should be equal 
to or more than 100 per cent.] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
22. 
Form of Notes: 
[Dematerialised Notes/ Materialised Notes] 
(Materialised Notes are only in bearer form.) 
 
[Delete as appropriate] 
(i) 
Form of Dematerialised Notes: 
[Not applicable/if applicable specify whether 
bearer form (au porteur)/ administered registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif administré)/ 
fully 
registered 
dematerialised 
form 
(au 
nominatif pur)] 
(ii) 
Registration Agent: 
[Not applicable/if applicable give name and 
address] (Note that a Registration Agent can be 
appointed in relation to Dematerialised Notes in 
fully registered dematerialised form only) 
(iii) 
Temporary Global Certificate: 
[Not applicable/Temporary Global Certificate 
exchangeable for Definitive Materialised Notes 
on [] (the Exchange Date), being 40 days after

--- Page 120 ---
120 
the Issue Date subject to postponement as 
specified in the Temporary Global Certificate] 
23. 
Financial Centre(s) or other special 
provisions relating to payment dates for 
the purposes of Condition 8(g): 
[Not applicable/Give details. Note that this 
paragraph relates to the date and place of 
payment, and not interest period end dates, to 
which sub-paragraphs 16(ii) and 17(vi) relate] 
Adjusted Payment Date (Condition 
8(g)): 
[Not applicable/The next following business day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which such date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding business 
day.] [The immediately preceding business 
day]/[Other*] 
24. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to 
be attached to Definitive Materialised 
Notes (and dates on which such Talons 
mature): 
[Yes/No/Not applicable. If yes, give details] 
(Only applicable to Materialised Notes) 
25. 
Redenomination, renominalisation and 
reconventioning: 
[Not Applicable/ [ Condition 2(d)] applies] 
26. 
Consolidation: 
[Not Applicable/ Condition 13(b) applies] 
27. 
Representation 
of 
Noteholders 
(Condition 11): 
[[Full Masse]/[Contractual Masse]/[No Masse] 
shall apply] 
 
(Note that “Contractual Masse” or “No Masse” 
may only apply in respect of Notes with an initial 
denomination of, or which can only be traded in 
amounts of, at least €100,000 or its equivalent in 
other currencies at the time of the issue, or in 
respect of Notes issued outside of France for the 
purpose of Article L. 228-90 of the French Code 
de commerce) 
 
[Name and address of the Representative: [] 
 
Name 
and 
address 
of 
the 
alternate 
Representative: [] 
 
The 
Representative 
will 
receive 
no 
remuneration/The Representative will receive a 
remuneration of []] 
 
 
                                                          
* In the market practice, if any date for payment in respect of Fixed Rate Notes, Receipt or Coupon is not a business day, the holder shall 
not be entitled to payment until the next following business day (as defined in Condition 8(g)).

--- Page 121 ---
121 
GENERAL 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes issued 
has been translated into Euro at the rate of 
[     ] per cent producing a sum of: 
[Not Applicable/[     ]] 
PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for the issue and admission to trading on the 
[specify relevant regulated market] of the Notes described herein pursuant to the €10,000,000,000 Euro 
Medium Term Note Programme of Crédit Agricole Public Sector SCF. 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [[Relevant third 
party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that to the best of its 
knowledge such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able 
to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]15 
Signed on behalf of Crédit Agricole Public Sector SCF: 
 
By: 
 ................................................... 
Duly authorised signatory 
                                                          
15 Include if third party information is provided.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing(s): 
[Euronext Paris / other (specify)/ None] 
(ii) 
(a) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading 
on [Euronext Paris]/[specify relevant regulated 
market] with effect from [     ].] [Application is 
expected to be made by [the Issuer/ [] [indicate 
the contact details of the offeror and/or the 
person applying for the admission to trading] 
[whose Legal Entity Identifier is []] on behalf 
of the Issuer] for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on [Euronext Paris]/[specify relevant 
regulated market]] with effect from [     ].] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted 
to trading.) 
(b) 
Regulated Markets or 
equivalent markets on 
which, to the knowledge 
of the Issuer, securities 
of the same class of the 
Notes to be admitted to 
trading 
are 
already 
admitted to trading: 
[     ] 
(iii) 
Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[     ]16 
(iv) 
Additional publication of Base 
Prospectus and Final Terms: 
[     ] (See paragraph 11 of the section "General 
Information" of this Base Prospectus which 
provides that the Base Prospectus will be 
published on the website of the Autorité des 
Marchés Financiers (the AMF) (www.amf-
france.org) during a period of 12 months from the 
date of approval, by the AMF, of the Base 
Prospectus and that the Final Terms related to 
Notes on any Regulated Market will be published 
on the website of the AMF. Please provide for 
additional methods of publication in respect of 
an admission to trading on a Regulated Market 
other than Euronext Paris) 
                                                          
16 Required only for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000

--- Page 123 ---
123 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
The Notes to be issued [have been rated/are 
expected to be rated at Issue Date]: 
 
[S & P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P): 
[     ]] 
 
[Moody's France S.A.S. (Moody’s): [     ]] 
 
[[Other]: [     ]] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the credit 
rating allocated to Notes of the type being issued 
under the Programme generally or, where the 
issue has been specifically rated, that credit 
rating.)] 
 
Each of S&P and Moody's is established in the 
European Union or in the UK and is registered 
under Regulation (EC) N° 1060/2009 (as 
amended) (the CRA Regulation). Each of S&P 
and Moody's are included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
(www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation. 
[[insert name of relevant EEA CRA(s)] [is][are] 
not established in the United Kingdom and 
[is][are] not registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the UK CRA Regulation). 
The rating[s] of the Notes issued by [insert name 
of relevant EEA CRA(s)] [has][have] been 
endorsed by [insert name of relevant UK 
CRA(s)], in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation and [has][have] not been withdrawn. 
As such, the rating[s] issued by [insert name of 
relevant EEA CRA(s)] may be used for regulatory 
purposes in the United Kingdom in accordance 
with the UK CRA Regulation.]17 
3. 
[NOTIFICATION 
The Autorité des Marchés Financiers, which is the competent authority for the purpose of the 
Prospectus Regulation [has been requested to provide/has provided - include first alternative 
for an issue which is contemporaneous with the establishment or update of the Programme and 
the second alternative for subsequent issues] the [include names of competent authorities of 
                                                          
17 To be included only in the case of an issue for which placement in the UK is contemplated and the ratings of the notes issued by the EEA 
CRA are to be endorsed by a UK CRA.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
host member states] with [a] certificate[s] of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus [and 
the Supplement[s]] [has/have] been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation.] 
4. 
COVER POOL MONITOR 
The Cover Pool Monitor (contrôleur spécifique) shall deliver to the Issuer (i) for each quarter 
a certificate relating to the borrowing programme for the relevant quarter and, (ii) in case of 
issue of Notes which equals or exceeds Euro 500,000,000 or its equivalent in any other 
currency, a certificate relating to such an issue. 
5. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement: 
"Save as discussed in ["Subscription and Sale" in the Base Prospectus], so far as the Issuer is 
aware, no person involved in the [issue/offer] of the Notes has an interest material to the 
[issue/offer].". 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors, material mistake or material inaccuracy" and 
consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation.)]] 
6. 
REASONS FOR THE [OFFER/ISSUANCE] [,/AND] ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
[AND TOTAL EXPENSES] 
 
(i) 
Reasons 
for 
the 
[offer/issuance]: 
[]* / [See “Use of Proceeds” wording in the 
Base Prospectus] 
 
*(if reasons for offer different from general 
corporate purposes will need to include those 
reasons here.)  
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[] 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one 
use will need to split out and present in order 
of priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund all 
proposed uses state amount and sources of 
other funding.) 
(iii) 
[Estimated total expenses: 
[] 
(Expenses are required to be broken down 
into each principal intended "use" and

--- Page 125 ---
125 
presented in order of priority of such 
"uses".)]18 
7. 
[FIXED RATE NOTES ONLY – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[     ]] per cent. per annum 
 
 
 
8. 
[Floating Rate Notes only - INFORMATION ON FLOATING RATE NOTES 
 
[Historic interest rates: 
Details of performance of [EURIBOR] rates can 
be obtained, [but not] free of charge, from 
[Reuters/other] (give details of electronic means 
of obtaining the details of performance).  
[Benchmarks: 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be 
calculated by reference to [EURIBOR] which is 
provided by []. [As at [], [] [appears/does 
not appear] on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority 
pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark 
Regulation.] [As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the 
Benchmark Regulation apply, such that [●] is not 
currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration (or, if located outside the European 
Union, 
recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence).] [As at [], [] appears on the 
register for administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the Financial 
Conduct Authority in the United Kingdom.]] 
9. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN Code: 
[     ] 
Common Code: 
[     ] 
Depositaries: 
 
(i) 
Euroclear France to act as Central 
Depositary 
[Yes/No] 
                                                          
18 Not required for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency).

--- Page 126 ---
126 
(ii) 
Common Depositary for Euroclear 
Bank and Clearstream Banking, 
Société Anonyme 
[Yes/No] 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking, 
société 
anonyme 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s) 
and address(es) and provide any other 
appropriate information] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of Paying Agent(s) 
(including any additional Paying Agent(s)): 
[     ] 
Name and address of the entities which have 
a firm commitment to act as intermediaries in 
secondary 
trading, 
providing 
liquidity 
through bid and offer rates and description of 
the main terms of their commitment: 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) 
and description] 
 
10. 
DISTRIBUTION (Items identified below with *** are not required for Notes with a 
denomination of at least €100,000) 
 
(a) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated /Non-syndicated] 
(b) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
[and 
addresses***] of Managers [and 
underwriting commitments***]: 
[Not Applicable/give names[, addresses and 
underwriting commitments***] 
 
[(Include names and addresses of entities 
agreeing to underwrite the issue on a firm 
commitment basis and names and addresses 
of the entities agreeing to place the issue 
without a firm commitment or on a "best 
efforts" basis if such entities are not the same 
as the Managers.)***] 
(c) 
[Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[]*** 
(d) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (including 
addresses) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(e) 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
[and 
address***] of Dealer: 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
name 
[and 
address***]] 
(f) 
Total 
commission 
and 
concession***: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount***]

--- Page 127 ---
127 
(g) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
The Issuer is Category 1 for the purposes of 
Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 
1933, as amended. 
 
[TEFRA C/ TEFRA D/ TEFRA not 
applicable] (TEFRA rules are not applicable 
to Dematerialised Notes)  
(h) 
[Non-exempt Offer***: 
[Not Applicable] [An offer of the Notes may 
be made by the Managers [and [specify, if 
applicable]] other than pursuant to Article 
1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in France 
during the period from [specify date] until 
[specify date] (Offer Period). See further 
Paragraph 15 of Part B below.] 
(i) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(j) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
11. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER19 
[Not Applicable]20 
CONDITIONS, OFFER STATISTICS, EXPECTED TIMETABLE AND ACTION 
REQUIRED TO APPLY FOR THE OFFER 
 
(a) 
Conditions to which the offer is 
subject: 
[] 
(b) 
Total amount of the issue/offer; if the 
amount is not fixed, description of 
the arrangements and time for 
announcing to the public the amount 
of the offer: 
[] 
(c) 
The time period, including any 
possible amendments, during which 
the offer will be open and description 
of the application process: 
[] 
(d) 
A description of the possibility to 
reduce subscriptions and the manner 
[] 
                                                          
19 Not required for Notes with a denomination of at least €100,000. 
20 Include only for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
for refunding excess amount paid by 
applicants: 
(e) 
Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum amount of application, 
(whether in number of securities or 
aggregate amount to invest): 
[] 
(f) 
Method and time limits for paying up 
the securities and for delivery of the 
Notes: 
[] 
(g) 
A full description of the manner and 
date in which results of the offer are 
to be made public: 
[] 
(h) 
The procedure for the exercise of any 
right 
of 
pre-emption, 
the 
negotiability of subscription rights 
and the treatment of subscription 
rights not exercised: 
[] 
12. 
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION AND ALLOTMENT21 
[Not Applicable]22 
(a) 
Whether a tranche has been or is 
being reserved for certain of these, 
indicate any such tranche: 
[] 
(b) 
Process for notification to applicants 
of the amount allotted and indication 
whether dealing may begin before 
notification is made: 
[] 
13. 
PRICING23 
[Not Applicable]24 
Indication of the expected price at which the 
securities will be offered. Indicate the amount 
of any expenses and taxes specifically 
charged to the subscriber or purchaser: 
[] 
                                                          
21 Not required for Notes with a denomination of at least €100,000  
22 Include only for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000. 
23 Not required for Notes with a denomination of at least €100,000. 
24 Include only for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
14. 
PLACING AND UNDERWRITING25 
[Not Applicable]26 
(a) 
Consent of the Issuer to use the 
Prospectus during the Offer Period:  
[Not Applicable / Applicable with respect to 
any Authorised Offeror specified below] 
(b) 
Authorised Offeror(s) in the various 
countries where the offer takes place: 
[Not Applicable / Name(s) and address(es) of 
the financial intermediary(ies) appointed by 
the Issuer to act as Authorised Offeror(s)/ 
Any financial intermediary which satisfies 
the conditions set out below in item 
“Conditions attached to the consent of the 
Issuer to use the Prospectus”] 
(c) 
Conditions attached to the consent of 
the Issuer to use the Prospectus: 
[Not Applicable / Where the Issuer has given 
a 
general 
consent 
to 
any 
financial 
intermediary to use the Prospectus, specify 
any additional conditions to or any condition 
replacing those set out on page [] of the 
Base Prospectus or indicate “See conditions 
set out in the Base Prospectus”.] 
(d) 
Entities agreeing to underwrite the 
issue on a firm commitment basis, 
and entities agreeing to place the 
issue without a firm commitment or 
under 'best efforts' arrangements. 
Indication of the material features of 
the agreements, including the quotas. 
Where not all of the issue is 
underwritten, a statement of the 
portion not covered: 
[Not Applicable]/[Name(s) and address(es)] 
[] 
(e) 
Overall amount of underwriting 
commission and of the placing 
commission27: 
[] 
 
                                                          
25 Not required for Notes with a denomination of at least €100,000. 
26 Include only for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000. 
27 For underwriting

--- Page 130 ---
130 
[ANNEX –ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY] 
[insert the issue specific summary as applicable]

--- Page 131 ---
131 
TAXATION 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes 
or documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the jurisdiction where 
the Notes are transferred or other jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax 
authorities or court decisions may be available for financial instruments such as the Notes. In 
particular, potential investors are warned that the tax laws of the investor’s jurisdiction or of France 
(the Issuer’s country of incorporation) might have an impact on the income received from the Notes. 
The following is an overview limited to certain French tax considerations relating to the Notes that may 
be issued under the Programme and specifically contains information on taxes on the income from the 
Notes withheld at source. This overview is based on the laws in force in France as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus and is subject to any changes in law and/or interpretation hereof (potentially with a 
retroactive effect). It does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations 
which may be relevant to a decision to purchase, own or dispose of the Notes. Each prospective holder 
or beneficial owner of Notes should consult its tax advisor as to the tax consequences of any investment 
in or ownership and disposition of the Notes. 
Withholding taxes on payments made outside France 
The following specifically contains information on taxes on the income from the Notes withheld at 
source relevant to Noteholders who do not concurrently hold shares of the Issuer. 
 
Payments of interest and other revenues made by the Issuer with respect to the Notes will not be subject 
to the withholding tax set out under article 125 A III of the French Code général des impôts unless 
such payments are made outside France in a non-cooperative State or territory (Etat ou territoire non 
coopératif) within the meaning of article 238-0 A of the French Code général des impôts (a Non-
Cooperative State) other than those mentioned in 2° of 2 bis of the same article 238-0 A. If such 
payments under the Notes are made outside France in a Non-Cooperative State other than those 
mentioned in 2° of 2 bis of article 238-0 A of the French Code général des impôts, a 75 per cent. 
withholding tax will be applicable (subject to certain exceptions and to the more favourable provisions 
of an applicable tax treaty) by virtue of Article 125 A III of the French Code Général des Impôts.  
Furthermore, in application of article 238 A of the French Code général des impôts, interest and other 
revenues with respect to such Notes will not be deductible from the Issuer's taxable income if they are 
paid or accrued to persons domiciled or established in a Non-Cooperative State or paid to an account 
held with a financial institution established in such a Non-Cooperative State (the Deductibility 
Exclusion). Under certain conditions, any such non-deductible interest and other revenues may be 
recharacterised as constructive dividends pursuant to articles 109 et seq of the French Code général des 
impôts, in which case such non-deductible interest and other revenues may be subject to the withholding 
tax set out under article 119 bis 2 of the French Code général des impôts, at (i) a rate of 12.8 per cent. 
for payments benefiting individuals who are not French tax residents, (ii) the standard corporate income 
tax rate set forth in the second paragraph of article 219-I of the French Code général des impôts (e.g. 
25 per cent. for fiscal years beginning as from 1 January 2022) for payments benefiting legal persons 
who are not French tax residents or (iii) a rate of 75 per cent. for payments made outside France in a 
Non-Cooperative State other than those mentioned in 2° of 2 bis of article 238-0 A of the French Code 
général des impôts (subject to certain exceptions and to the more favourable provisions of an applicable 
tax treaty). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the 75 per cent. withholding tax set out under article 125 A III 
of the French Code général des impôts nor, to the extent the relevant interest and other revenues relate 
to genuine transactions and are not in an abnormal or exaggerated amount, the Deductibility Exclusion

--- Page 132 ---
132 
will apply in respect of an issue of Notes if the Issuer can prove that the main purpose and effect of such 
issue of Notes was not that of allowing the payments of interest and other revenues to be made in a 
Non-Cooperative State (the Exception). Pursuant to the Bulletin Officiel des Finances Publiques - 
Impôts BOI-INT-DG-20-50-30 and BOI-INT-DG-20-50-20, an issue of Notes will benefit from the 
Exception without the Issuer having to provide any proof of the purpose and effect of such issue of 
Notes, if such Notes are: 
(i) 
offered by means of a public offer within the meaning of article L.411-1 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier for which the publication of a prospectus is mandatory or pursuant to an 
equivalent offer in a State other than a Non-Cooperative State. For this purpose, an "equivalent 
offer" means any offer requiring the registration or submission of an offer document by or with 
a foreign securities market authority; and/or 
(ii) 
admitted to trading on a French or foreign regulated market or multilateral securities trading 
system provided that such market or system is not located in a Non-Cooperative State, and the 
operation of such market is carried out by a market operator or an investment services provider 
or any other similar foreign entity, provided further that such market operator, investment 
services provider or entity is not located in a Non-Cooperative State; and/or  
(iii) 
admitted, at the time of their issue, to the operations of a central depositary or of a securities 
delivery and payment systems operator within the meaning of article L.561-2 of the French 
Code monétaire et financier, or of one or more similar foreign depositaries or operators 
provided that such depositary or operator is not located in a Non-Cooperative State. 
Withholding taxes on payments made to individuals fiscally domiciled in France 
Where the paying agent (établissement payeur) is established in France, pursuant to Article 125 A I of 
the French Code général des impôts, subject to certain exceptions, interest and other revenues received 
by individuals who are fiscally domiciled (domiciliés fiscalement) in France are subject to a 12.8 per 
cent. withholding tax, which is deductible from their personal income tax liability in respect of the year 
in which the payment has been made. Social contributions (CSG, CRDS and solidarity levy) are also 
levied by way of withholding at a global rate of 17.2 per cent. on such interest and other revenues 
received by individuals who are fiscally domiciled (domiciliés fiscalement) in France, subject to certain 
exceptions.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in a programme agreement dated 16 June 2023 
between the Issuer, the Arrangers and the Permanent Dealer (the Programme Agreement), the Notes 
will be offered by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealer. However, the Issuer has reserved the right to sell 
Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be resold at 
prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the 
relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the 
Issuer. The Programme Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are 
jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes 
subscribed by it. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arrangers for their expenses incurred in 
connection with the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the 
Programme. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer 
and sale of the Notes. The Programme Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that 
they make to subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to 
the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers in particular 
following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in 
the Final Terms issued in respect of the issue of Notes to which it relates or in a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it will comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each 
jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes 
the Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and neither the Issuer nor any other 
Dealer shall have responsibility therefore. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the Securities Act), and subject to certain exceptions, may not be offered or sold within the United 
States. Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to agree, that it will not offer or sell the Notes of any identifiable Tranche within the United States, 
except as permitted by the Programme Agreement. 
In addition, until forty (40) calendar days after the later of the commencement of the offering of any 
identifiable tranche of Notes and the closing date, an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by 
any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering of such tranche of Notes) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. Materialised Notes having a maturity of more than one 
(1) year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations promulgated thereunder.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of 
the Notes outside the United States. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to 
purchase the Notes, in whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an 
offer to any person in the United States. Distribution of this Base Prospectus by any non-U.S. person 
outside the United States to any U.S. person onr to any other person within the United States is 
unauthorised and any disclosure without the prior written consent of the Issuer of any of its contents to 
any such U.S. person or other person within the United States is prohibited. 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area.  
For the purposes of this provision:  
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended. 
This EEA selling restriction is in addition to any other selling restrictions set out above or below. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
final terms in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant Member State except that it may make an 
offer of such Notes to the public in that Relevant Member State:  
(a) 
if the final terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other 
than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant Member State (a 
Non-exempt Offer), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes 
which has been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant Member State or, where 
appropriate, approved in another Relevant Member State and notified to the competent 
authority in that Relevant Member State, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently 
been completed by the final terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with

--- Page 135 ---
135 
the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such 
prospectus or final terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the 
purpose of that Non-Exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation;  
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or  
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,  
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any 
Notes in any Relevant Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes and the expression Prospectus Regulation means 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended). 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision, 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000, as amended (FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 
to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Prospectus Regulation); 
and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
final terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of 
such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(i) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(ii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the 
prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(iii) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (i) to (iii) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any 
Notes means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Notes 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, 
(i) it is a person whose ordinary activities involve in it acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has 
not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary 
activities involve in it acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or whose it is reasonable to expect they will 
acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses where the issue of Note would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of 
the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
France 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it undertakes to comply with applicable

--- Page 137 ---
137 
French laws and regulations in force regarding the offer, the placement of sale of the Notes and the 
distribution in France of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material relatind to the Notes. 
Republic of Italy 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer have represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that this Base Prospectus has not been, nor will 
be, published in the Republic of Italy in connection with the offering of Notes and such offering of 
Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa (Consob) in 
the Republic of Italy pursuant to Italian securities legislation. Accordingly, each of the Dealers and the 
Issuer represents and agrees, and any further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that no Note may be offered, sold, transferred or delivered, and will not be 
offered, sold, transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, in the Republic of Italy, nor may, or will, 
copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to the Notes be distributed in the 
Republic of Italy, except (i) to qualified investors, as defined in Article 2, letter e) of the Prospectus 
Regulation, pursuant to Article 1, fourth paragraph, letter a) of the Prospectus Regulation as 
implemented by Article 35, paragraph 1, letter d) of CONSOB Regulations No. 20307 of 15 February 
2018 (the Intermediaries Regulation); or (ii) in any other circumstances which are exempted from the 
rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation. For the purposes of this 
provision, the expression “offer of Notes to the public in the Republic of Italy” means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and 
the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes, including 
the placement through authorised intermediaries. 
Subject to the foregoing, each of the Dealers and the Issuer represents and agrees that any offer, sale, 
transfer or delivery of Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other document 
relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (a) or (b) above must, and will, be effected in 
accordance with all relevant Italian securities, tax and exchange control and other applicable laws and 
regulations and, in particular, will be made: 
(a) 
by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in 
the Republic of Italy in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Intermediaries 
Regulation, Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 
of 15 February 2018 and Legislative Decree No. of 1 September 1993 (the Banking Act) (in 
each case, as amended from time to time) and any other applicable laws or regulations; 
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank 
of Italy, as amended from time to time, pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request 
information on the issue or the offer of securities; and 
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirements that may be 
imposed from time to time by CONSOB or the Bank of Italy or other Italian authorities. 
Any investor purchasing Notes in the offering is solely responsible for ensuring that any offer or resale 
of Notes it purchased in the offering occurs in compliance with applicable Italian laws and regulations. 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement to it or any other document relating to the Notes, and the 
information contained herein are intended only for the use of its recipients and are not to be distributed 
to any third-party resident or located in Italy for any reason. No person resident or located in the 
Republic of Italy other than the original addressees of this Base Prospectus may rely on this Base 
Prospectus, its content or any other document relating to the Notes.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
Potential investors should also note in connection with the subsequent distribution of Notes in the 
Republic of Italy, in accordance with Article 100-bis of the Financial Services Act, where no exemption 
from the rules on public offerings applies under paragraphs (a) and (b) above, the subsequent 
distribution of the Notes on the secondary market in the Republic of Italy must be made in compliance 
with the public offer and the prospectus requirement rules provided under the Financial Services Act 
and Issuers Regulation. Failure to comply with such rules may result in the sale of such Notes being 
declared null and void and in the intermediaries transferring the Notes being liable for any damages 
suffered by investors or potential investors. 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
agree, that it will comply with any laws, regulations or guidelines in Switzerland from time to time, 
including, but not limited to, any regulations made by the Swiss National Bank, in relation to the offer, 
sale, delivery or transfer of the Notes or the distribution of any offering material in respect of such 
Notes. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act 
of Japan (the Law No.25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any 
Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any 
person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan), 
or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any 
resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise 
in compliance with, the FIEA and any other relevant laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of 
Japan.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1) 
AMF visa and admission to trading of the Notes issued under the Programme 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent 
authority pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus 
as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval shall not be considered as an endorsement of either the 
Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Application 
will be made in certain circumstances to list and admit the Notes on Euronext Paris and 
application may be made for the listing and admission to trading on any other Regulated Market 
in a Member State of the European Economic Area. 
This Base Prospectus will be valid for a period of twelve (12) months until 15 June 2024 
provided that it is completed by any supplement, pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, following the occurrence of a significant new factor, a material mistake or a 
material inaccuracy relating to the information included (including information incorporated 
by reference) in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of the Notes. After such 
date, the Base Prospectus will expire and the obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in 
the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will no longer 
apply. 
(2) 
Corporate authorisations 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary corporate and other consents, approvals and 
authorisations in France in connection with the update of the Programme. 
The update of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by a resolution 
of the board of directors (Conseil d'Administration) of the Issuer in accordance with Article 
L.228-40 of the French Code de commerce. The board of directors (Conseil d'Administration) 
of the Issuer may delegate to any of its members and/or the chief executive officer (Directeur 
général) and, with the approval of the latter, to any other person, the power to decide on the 
issue of such Notes within a period of one year.  
For this purpose the board of directors (Conseil d'Administration) of the Issuer has autorised 
on 16 March 2023, inter alia, the quarterly issuance programme of the Issuer up to a maximum 
aggregate amount of €500 millions for the second quarter of 2023.  
(3) 
Significant change in the financial position or financial performance or material adverse 
change 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, there has been no (i) significant change in the financial 
position or financial performance of the Issuer since 31 December 2022 (the end of the last 
financial period for which audited annual financial information has been published) or (ii) 
material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2022 (the date of its 
last published audited financial statements). 
(4) 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
The Issuer is not or has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), 
during a period covering at least the previous 12 months preceding the date of this document

--- Page 140 ---
140 
which may have or have in such period has a significant effect on the financial position or 
profitability of the Issuer or the Crédit Agricole Group. 
(5) 
Material Contracts 
Please refer to sections "Relationship between the Issuer, Crédit Agricole S.A. and Crédit 
Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank" and "Hedging Strategy" above. 
(6) 
Post-issuance information 
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information, except if required by any 
applicable laws and regulations in relation to any issue of Notes. 
(7) 
Clearing 
Application may be made for Notes to be accepted for clearance through Euroclear France (66, 
rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris, France) and/or Euroclear (boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 
Bruxelles, Belgique) and Clearstream (42, avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, 
Luxembourg). The Common Code and the International Securities Identification Number 
(ISIN) or the identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of 
Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
(8) 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the 
Issuer and each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market 
conditions. 
(9) 
Cover Pool Monitor certificate 
Pursuant to article R.513-16 IV of the French Code monétaire et financier, the Cover Pool 
Monitor certifies that the rule providing that the amount of eligible assets of the Issuer is greater 
than the amount of liabilities benefiting from the Privilège is satisfied on the basis of a quarterly 
borrowing programme (attestation trimestrielle) and for any issue of Notes in a principal 
amount equal to or above Euro 500 million or its equivalent in the currency of issue (attestation 
spécifique à une émission supérieure ou égale à 500 millions d'euros). 
(10) 
Statutory Auditors 
The auditors of the Issuer are Ernst & Young et Autres, 1/2, place des Saisons, 92400 
Courbevoie – Paris – La Défense 1, France and Pricewaterhousecoopers Audit, 63, rue de 
Villiers, 92200 Neuilly Sur Seine, France, who have audited the Issuer's accounts, without 
qualification, for each of the two financial years ended on 31 December 2022 and 31 December 
2021. The auditors of the Issuer have no material interest in the Issuer. 
The Issuer's statutory auditors are registered with the Compagnie Régionale des Commissaires 
aux Comptes de Versailles (Regional Association of Statutory Auditors of Versailles) and 
subject to the authority of the Haut Conseil du Commissariat aux Comptes (French High 
Council of Statutory Auditors).

--- Page 141 ---
141 
(11) 
Availability of documents 
This Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus 
will be published on the website of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (www.amf-france.org) 
during a period of 12 months from the date of approval, by the AMF, of this Base Prospectus 
and will also be available on the website of the Issuer (https://www.credit-
agricole.com/finance/finance/dette-et-notation/emissions-marche/ca-public-sector-scf-
covered-bonds).  
In addition, should the Notes be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext 
Paris, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, the Final Terms related to those Notes will 
provide whether this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms will be published on the 
website of (i) the Regulated Market where the Notes have been admitted to trading or (ii) the 
competent authority of the member state of the EEA, as the case may be, where the Notes have 
been admitted to trading. 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following 
documents will, when published, be available during normal business hours on any weekday 
(Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted), at the registered office of the Issuer and on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.credit-agricole.com/finance/finance/dette-et-
notation/emissions-marche/ca-public-sector-scf-covered-bonds): 
(i) 
the by-laws (statuts) of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the audited non-consolidated financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the 
financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021; 
(iii) 
the Final Terms for Notes that are listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or 
any other Regulated Market; 
(iv) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any Supplement to this Base Prospectus 
or further Base Prospectus;  
(v) 
the Programme Agreement and the Agency Agreement (which includes the form of 
Temporary Global Certificates, the Notes in definitive form, the Coupons and the 
Talons); 
(vi) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements and 
Final Terms (save that a Final Terms relating to a Note which is neither admitted to 
trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the 
European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be 
published under the Prospectus Regulation will only be available for inspection by a 
holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer 
and the Paying Agent as to its holding of the Note and identity) to this Base Prospectus 
and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference; and 
(vii) 
all reports, letters and other documents, valuations and statements prepared by any 
expert at the Issuer's request any part of which is included or referred to in this Base 
Prospectus. 
The Agency Agreement (which includes the form of the Lettre Comptable, of the Application 
Form, of the Temporary Global Certificates, of the Definitive Materialised Notes, of the 
Coupons, of the Talons) will be available during normal business hours on any weekday

--- Page 142 ---
142 
(Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted), for inspection, at the registered office of 
the Issuer and at the specified office of the Paying Agent(s). 
(12) 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such 
Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date 
of the Notes on the basis of the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as 
the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of the Notes and will not be an indication of future 
yield.  
(13) 
Outstanding issuances 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the outstanding amount of Notes issued by the Issuer is 
€4.5 billion net principal amount. The Notes are scheduled to mature no later than December 
2031.  
(14) 
Forward Looking Statements 
This Base Prospectus may contain certain statements that are forward-looking including 
statements with respect to the Issuer’s business strategies, expansion and growth of operations, 
trends in its business, competitive advantage, and technological and regulatory changes, 
information on exchange rate risk and generally includes all statements preceded by, followed 
by or that include the words "believe", "expect", "project", "anticipate", "seek", "estimate" or 
similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance 
and involve risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially from those in the 
forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. Potential investors are cautioned not 
to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. 
These forward-looking statements do not constitute profit forecasts or estimates under 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation. 
(15) 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers named as the 
Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting 
the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. 
However, there is no assurance that the Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of 
a Stabilising Manager) will undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin 
on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than 
the earlier of thirty (30) days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and sixty (60) 
days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action 
or over-allotment shall be conducted in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
(16) 
Benchmarks 
 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR rate as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and is provided by the European Money Markets Institute 
(EMMI). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, EMMI has been authorized as regulated 
benchmark adminitrators pursuant to Article 34 of the Benchmark Regulation and appears on 
the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European

--- Page 143 ---
143 
Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation. The 
registration status of any administrator under the Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public 
record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update this 
Base Prospectus or the Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the 
administrator. 
(17) 
Issuer’s website 
The website of the Issuer is https://www.credit-agricole.com/finance/finance/dette-et-
notation/emissions-marche/ca-public-sector-scf-covered-bonds. The information on such 
website does not form part of this Base Prospectus, unless that information is incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus, and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AMF.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
To the best of my knowledge, I hereby certify that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is 
in accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
Montrouge, 16 June 2023 
 
 
 
 
Crédit Agricole Public Sector SCF 
12, place des Etats-Unis 
92127 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
 
Duly represented by: 
Isabelle Roseau 
in her capacity as legal representative (Directeur Général Délégué) of the Issuer 
 
 
 
Autorité des Marchés Financiers 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF, in its capacity as competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that 
the information it contains is complete, coherent and comprehensible within the meaning of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
This approval is not a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes described in 
this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such 
Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 16 June 2023 and is valid until 15 June 2024 and shall, 
during this period and in accordance with the provisions of Article 23 of the Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, be completed by a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of new material facts 
or substantial errors or inaccuracies. This Base Prospectus obtained the following approval number: 
23-232.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
 
Issuer 
 
 
 
Crédit Agricole Public Sector 
SCF 
 
 
12 place des Etats-Unis 
 
 
92127 Montrouge Cedex 
 
 
France 
 
 
Arrangers 
 
 
Crédit Agricole S.A. 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank 
12 place des Etats-Unis 
12 place des Etats-Unis 
92127 Montrouge Cedex 
CS 70052 
France 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
 
France 
 
Dealer 
 
 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate 
and Investment Bank 
 
 
12 place des Etats-Unis 
 
 
CS 70052 
 
 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
 
 
France  
 
Fiscal Agent and Principal Paying Agent 
 
Uptevia 
 
 
 
12 place des Etats-Unis 
CS 40083 
92549 Montrouge Cedex 
 
 
France 
 
Calculation Agent 
 
 
Crédit Agricole S.A. 
 
 
12 place des Etats-Unis 
 
 
92127 Montrouge Cedex 
 
 
France 
 
 
 
Auditors to the Issuer 
 
 
Ernst & Young et Autres 
Pricewaterhousecoopers Audit 
1/2, place des Saisons 
63 rue de Villiers 
92400 Courbevoie – Paris – La Défense 1 
92200 Neuilly sur Seine 
France 
France

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
 
Cover Pool Monitor of the Issuer 
Fides Audit 
52 rue La Boetie 
75008 Paris 
France 
Legal Adviser to the Arrangers and the Dealers 
Allen & Overy LLP 
 
32, rue François 1er 
 
 
75008 Paris 
 
 
France

--- Page 147 ---
147 
Index Defined Terms 
$ ...................................................................... 5 
£ ...................................................................... 5 
¥ ...................................................................... 5 
€ ...................................................................... 5 
2006 ISDA Definitions ................................... 46 
2021 Financial Statements ............................ 40 
2021 ISDA Definitions ................................... 46 
2022 Financial Statements ............................ 40 
30/360 ........................................................... 49 
30E/360 ......................................................... 50 
30E/360 (ISDA) .............................................. 50 
360/360 ......................................................... 49 
Account Holder ............................................. 43 
ACPR .............................................................. 84 
Actual/360 ..................................................... 49 
Actual/365 ..................................................... 48 
Actual/365 (Fixed) ......................................... 49 
Actual/365-FBF.............................................. 48 
Actual/Actual ................................................ 48 
Actual/Actual-ICMA ...................................... 48 
Actual/Actual-ISDA ........................................ 48 
Adjusted Payment Date ................................ 68 
Adjustment Spread ....................................... 46 
Administration Agreement ......................... 103 
Administrator .............................................. 103 
Agency Agreement ....................................... 42 
Alternate Appointed Representative ............. 70 
Alternative Rate ............................................ 47 
Amending Regulation ................................... 31 
AMF ........................................... 1, 78, 112, 123 
Amortisation Yield ........................................ 65 
Amortised Nominal Amount ......................... 64 
Approved Form ........................................... 106 
Assets Hedging Margin ............................... 104 
Authorised Offeror ................................. 36, 37 
Automatic Change of Interest Date ............. 60 
Bank .............................................................. 69 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive .... 28 
Banking Recovery and Resolution Directive or 
BRRD ............................................................. 89 
Base Prospectus .......................................... 112 
Benchmark Event .......................................... 47 
Benchmark Regulation .............................. 5, 31 
Bond Basis ..................................................... 49 
Borrower ....................................................... 98 
Borrower Advance ........................................ 98 
Borrower Collateral Security Agreement ..... 98 
Borrower Event of Default ................ 21, 22, 99 
Borrower Facility Agreement ........................ 98 
Borrower Hedging Agreement .................... 105 
Borrower Hedging Agreements .................... 21

--- Page 148 ---
148 
Borrower Hedging Transaction(s) ............... 105 
BRRD ............................................................. 28 
BRRD II ........................................................... 90 
BRRD Revision ............................................... 90 
Business Centre(s) ......................................... 48 
business day .................................................. 68 
Business Day ................................................. 48 
C Rules ........................................................... 14 
Calculation Agent .................................... 42, 56 
Calculation Period ................................... 48, 55 
Chairman ...................................................... 76 
CHF .................................................................. 5 
Clearstream ................................................... 43 
Clearstream, Luxembourg ......................... 1, 81 
COBS .................................................... 109, 110 
Collateral Directive ........................................ 91 
Collateral Security Assets .............................. 98 
Collective Decisions....................................... 69 
Common Depositary ..................................... 81 
Compounding with Lockout .......................... 56 
Compounding with Lookback ....................... 56 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift
 ...................................................................... 56 
Conditions ............................................. 42, 112 
Couponholders .............................................. 42 
Coupons ........................................................ 42 
CRA Regulation .................................. 1, 14, 124 
CRBF .............................................................. 84 
CRBF Regulation ............................................ 84 
CRD IV ........................................................... 90 
CRD Revision ................................................. 91 
CRD V ............................................................ 91 
Crédit Agricole Group ................................... 96 
CRR ................................................................ 90 
CRR II ............................................................. 91 
CRR Revision ................................................. 91 
D Rules .......................................................... 14 
Date of the Benchmark Event ....................... 48 
Day Count Fraction ....................................... 48 
Dealers ............................................................ 8 
Definitive Materialised Notes ............. 1, 43, 81 
Delayed Payment .......................................... 56 
Dematerialised Notes ......................... 1, 12, 43 
Designated Maturity ......................... 54, 55, 56 
Determination Date ...................................... 49 
Determination Period ................................... 49 
distributor ....................................................... 5 
EC .................................................................. 44 
ECA ................................................................ 24 
EEA ............................................ 42, 43, 85, 108 
EEA Member State .......................................... 1 
Effective Date.......................................... 55, 56 
Electronic Consent ........................................ 71 
Eligible Hedging Provider ............................ 106

--- Page 149 ---
149 
EMU............................................................... 44 
ESMA ............................................................... 4 
euro ................................................................. 5 
Euro ................................................................. 5 
Eurobond Basis.............................................. 50 
Euroclear ............................................. 1, 43, 81 
Euro-zone ...................................................... 51 
EUWA ...................................... 4, 108, 110, 136 
Exchange Date....................................... 81, 120 
Exercise Notice .............................................. 64 
FBF Definitions .............................................. 51 
FBF Rate ........................................................ 54 
FCA .................................................................. 5 
FIEA ............................................................. 139 
Final Terms ................................................ 8, 42 
Financial Centre(s) ........................................ 69 
Fiscal Agent ................................................... 42 
Fixed Rate Notes ........................................... 44 
Fixing Day ...................................................... 55 
Floating Rate ........................................... 54, 56 
Floating Rate Business Day Convention ........ 53 
Floating Rate Determination Date ................ 54 
Floating Rate Notes ....................................... 44 
Floating Rate Option ......................... 54, 55, 56 
Following Business Day Convention ............. 53 
FSMA ............................................... 4, 108, 136 
General Meeting ............................... 26, 70, 72 
Hedging Agreements .................................. 104 
Hedging Approved Form Letter .......... 104, 107 
Hedging Provider ........................................ 106 
Hedging Rating Trigger Event ............... 21, 107 
Hedging Required Rating ............................ 107 
Hedging Strategy ........................................ 104 
Hedging Transactions ................................. 104 
holder of any Notes ...................................... 42 
Insurance Distribution Directive ............. 4, 108 
Interest Accrual Period ................................. 51 
Interest Amount ........................................... 51 
Interest Commencement Date ..................... 51 
Interest Determination Date ........................ 51 
Interest Payment Date .................................. 51 
Interest Period .............................................. 51 
Interest Period Date ..................................... 51 
Investor ......................................................... 36 
ISDA Definitions ............................................ 51 
ISDA Rate ................................................ 54, 55 
Issuer ......................................................... 1, 42 
Issuer Advance .............................................. 98 
Issuer Calculation Agent ............................. 104 
Issuer Collateral Security Agreement ........... 98 
Issuer Facility Agreement ............................. 98 
Issuer Hedging Agreement ......................... 105 
Issuer Hedging Agreements .......................... 21 
Issuer Hedging Transaction(s) ..................... 104

--- Page 150 ---
150 
JPY ................................................................... 5 
Liquidity, Commingling and Set-Off Collateral 
Security Agreement ...................................... 22 
Lockout .......................................................... 56 
Lockout Period Business Day ........................ 56 
Lookback ....................................................... 56 
Masse ...................................................... 69, 71 
Master Servicing Agreement ...................... 103 
Materialised Notes .............................. 1, 12, 43 
Maturity Date .................................................. 8 
MiFID II ............................................ 4, 108, 109 
MiFID Product Governance Rules ................... 5 
Modified Following Business Day Convention
 ...................................................................... 53 
Moody’s ........................................................ 14 
Moody's .......................................................... 1 
Non-exempt Offer ................................. 36, 135 
Noteholder .................................................... 42 
Notes ..................................................... 1, 8, 78 
Notes Hedging Margin ................................ 104 
Observation Period Shift ............................... 56 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Day ................................................................ 56 
Offer Period ................................................... 36 
OIS Compounding ......................................... 56 
Optional Change of Interest Date ................ 60 
Ordonnance .................................................. 89 
Original Reference Rate ................................ 52 
Originator ...................................................... 98 
outstanding ................................................... 43 
Overnight Floating Rate Option .................... 56 
Paying Agents ............................................... 42 
Period End Date ...................................... 55, 56 
Permanent Dealers ......................................... 8 
Permitted Index .......................................... 104 
pounds sterling ............................................... 5 
Preceding Business Day Convention ............. 53 
PRIIPs Regulation ............................................ 4 
PRIIPS Regulation ........................................ 108 
Primary Appointed Representative ............... 70 
Privilège ........................................................ 45 
Programme ..................................................... 1 
Programme Agreement .............................. 134 
Prospectus Regulation ........ 1, 4, 108, 112, 136 
Rate of Interest ............................................. 52 
Rating Agencies ............................................... 1 
Rating Agency ................................................. 1 
Recovery Framework .................................... 90 
Reference Banks ........................................... 52 
Reference Rate ............................................. 52 
Reference Rate Determination Agent .......... 58 
Registration Agent ........................................ 43 
Regulated Market ..................................... 1, 43 
Relevant Date ............................................... 52 
Relevant Inter-Bank Market ......................... 52

--- Page 151 ---
151 
Relevant Nominating Body ........................... 52 
Relevant Rate ................................................ 56 
Relevant Screen Page .................................... 52 
Relevant Screen Page Time ........................... 52 
Relevant State ........................................... 1, 43 
Replacement Reference Rate ....................... 59 
Representative ........................................ 69, 72 
Reset Date ......................................... 54, 55, 56 
Rules .............................................................. 36 
S&P ............................................................ 1, 14 
Screen Page Reference Rate ......................... 57 
Securities Act......................................... 14, 134 
Series ......................................................... 8, 42 
Servicer ....................................................... 103 
Set in Advance ............................................... 56 
Specified Currency ........................................ 52 
Specified Denomination ................................ 44 
Sterling ............................................................ 5 
Successor Rate .............................................. 52 
Supplement ................................................... 39 
Swap Transaction .................................... 54, 56 
Swiss Francs .................................................... 5 
T2 .................................................................. 48 
T2 Business Day ............................................. 48 
Talons ............................................................ 42 
TEFRA ............................................................ 14 
Temporary Global Certificate ................... 1, 81 
Termination Date .......................................... 55 
Terms and Conditions of the Non-exempt 
Offer .............................................................. 37 
Tranche ..................................................... 8, 42 
Transaction ................................................... 54 
Treaty ............................................................ 44 
UK ............................................................ 4, 108 
UK CRA Regulation ...................................... 124 
UK MiFIR ......................................... 4, 109, 110 
UK MiFIR Product Governance ................... 109 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules ...... 5, 110 
UK PRIIPs Regulation............................... 4, 108 
UK Prospectus Regulation .......................... 136 
unit ................................................................ 61 
US Dollar ......................................................... 5 
USD ................................................................. 5 
Written Resolution ........................... 26, 70, 72 
Written Resolution Date ............................... 71 
Yen .................................................................. 5 
Zero Coupon Notes ....................................... 44