--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 22 July 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CRÉDIT MUTUEL ARKÉA 
€13,000,000,000 
 
EURO MEDIUM TERM NOTE PROGRAMME 
 
 
 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus"), Crédit Mutuel Arkéa (the 
"Issuer"), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue notes (the "Notes"). 
 
The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed €13,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies at the date of issue). 
 
The Notes may either be senior notes ("Senior Notes") or subordinated notes ("Subordinated Notes"). The Senior Notes may be either senior preferred Notes 
("Senior Preferred Notes") or senior non-preferred Notes ("Senior Non-Preferred Notes"). It is the intention of the Issuer that (i) to the extent permitted by 
the MREL Regulations, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes shall, for regulatory purposes, be treated as MREL Eligible Instruments (as 
defined hereinafter) and (ii) the Subordinated Notes shall, for supervisory purposes, be treated as Tier 2 Capital (as defined below). Green Bonds, Social Bonds 
and Sustainability Bonds (as defined hereinafter) may also be issued under the Programme. 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF") in its capacity as competent authority pursuant 
to the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are 
offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). 
 
The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. 
In accordance with the provisions of Article 6(4) of the loi relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières dated 14 July 2019, the CSSF assumes no 
responsibility as to the economic and financial soundness of the transaction and the quality or solvency of the Issuer. The approval given by the CSSF is not a 
favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes described in this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability 
of investing in such Notes. This Base Prospectus is valid until 22 July 2023 and shall be completed by a supplement, pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, following the occurrence of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information included (or incorporated 
by reference) in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of the Notes. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant 
new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid.  
 
Application may be made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme while this Base Prospectus is valid to be listed on the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (Bourse de Luxembourg). 
The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended, appearing on the list of regulated markets issued by the European Securities Markets 
Authority (the "ESMA") (each such market being a "Regulated Market"). However, Notes issued under the Programme may also be unlisted or listed and 
admitted to trading on any other market, including any other Regulated Market of the European Economic Area ("EEA") and/or offered to the public pursuant 
to a non exempt offer in any Member State of the EEA. The relevant Final Terms (a form of which is contained herein) in respect of the issue of any Notes will 
specify whether or not such Notes will be listed and admitted to trading on any market and/or offered to the public pursuant to a non-exempt offer in any Member 
State of the EEA and, if so, the relevant market and/or jurisdiction. 
 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in materialised form ("Materialised Notes") as more fully described herein. 
Dematerialised Notes will at all times be in book entry form in compliance with Articles L. 211-3 et seq. and R. 211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et 
financier. No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be (i) in 
bearer form (au porteur) inscribed as from the issue date in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of the 
relevant Account Holders (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Form, Denomination and Title") including Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") 
and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream"), or (ii) in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the 
relevant Noteholder (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Form, Denomination and Title"), in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur), in 
which case they will be inscribed in an account maintained by the Issuer or by a registration agent (appointed in the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf of 
the Issuer, or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré) in which case they will be inscribed in the accounts of an Account Holder designated by 
the relevant Noteholder. 
 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form only and may only be issued outside France. A temporary global certificate in bearer form without interest 
coupons attached (a "Temporary Global Certificate") will initially be issued in relation to Materialised Notes. Such Temporary Global Certificate will 
subsequently be exchanged for definitive Materialised Notes with, where applicable, coupons for interest or talons attached (the "Definitive Materialised 
Notes"), on or after a date expected to be on or about the 40th day after the issue date of the Notes (subject to postponement as described in "Temporary Global 
Certificate in respect of Materialised Notes") upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership as more fully described herein. Temporary Global Certificates 
will (a) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, be deposited on the issue date with a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, and (b) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through a clearing system other than or in addition to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream or delivered outside a clearing system, be deposited as agreed between the Issuer and the Relevant Dealer (as defined below). In the case of a 
Tranche which is not intended to be cleared notably through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, the Notes of such Tranche cannot be listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
 
Senior Preferred Notes (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Status") to be issued under the Programme are expected to be rated A/F1 by Fitch 
Ratings Ireland Limited (''Fitch'') and Aa3/P-1 by Moody's France S.A.S ("Moody's"). Senior Non-Preferred Notes (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes - Status") to be issued under the Programme are expected to be rated A- by Fitch and A3 by Moody's. Subordinated Notes (as defined in "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes - Status") to be issued under the Programme are expected to be rated Baa1 by Moody's. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Fitch and 
Moody's are established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") and included in 
the list of registered credit rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in 
accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. The ratings of the Notes issued under the Programme by Fitch and Moody's are expected to be endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established and registered in the United Kingdom (the "UK") or certified under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation"). As such, the ratings to be issued by Fitch and Moody's may be used 
for regulatory purposes in the UK in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided 
by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
 
 
 
or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation.Notes issued under the 
Programme may be rated or not rated. The rating of the Notes (if any) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change, or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.  
 
See "Risk Factors" below for certain information relevant to an investment in the Notes to be issued under the Programme. 
 
 
ARRANGER 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB 
PERMANENT DEALERS 
ABN AMRO BANK N.V 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB 
CRÉDIT MUTUEL ARKÉA 
DZ BANK AG 
LANDESBANK BADEN-WÜRTTEMBERG 
SANTANDER CORPORATE & INVESTMENT BANKING 
UNICREDIT

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
This Base Prospectus (together with all supplements thereto published from time to time) constitutes a base 
prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and contains or incorporates by 
reference all necessary information concerning (i) the Issuer, (ii) the local savings banks (caisses locales) of 
the Crédit Mutuel de Bretagne and Crédit Mutuel du Sud-Ouest federations and (iii) the Issuer’s subsidiaries 
taken as a whole (the "Group" or "Crédit Mutuel Arkéa Group") which is material to an investor for making 
an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, profits and losses, financial position and prospects of the 
Issuer as well as the base terms and conditions of the Notes to be issued under the Programme. The terms and 
conditions applicable to each Tranche (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") not contained 
herein (including, without limitation, the aggregate nominal amount, issue price, redemption price thereof, 
and interest, if any, payable thereunder) will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the 
time of the issue and will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. References to "Dealers" are to all Permanent 
Dealers and all persons appointed as a dealer in respect of one (1) or more Tranches of Notes. 
 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with (i) any document and/or information which is or may 
be incorporated herein by reference in accordance with Article 27 of the Luxembourg Law and Article 19 of 
the Prospectus Regulation (see "Documents incorporated by Reference" below), (ii) any supplement thereto 
that may be published from time to time and (iii) in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see section 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus 
refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into 
the Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinized or approved by the competent authority. 
 
This Base Prospectus (together with all supplements thereto published from time to time) may only be used 
for the purposes for which it has been published. 
 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the 
Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealers (as defined in "General Description of the 
Programme"). Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, 
under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer or 
the Group since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer or the Group 
since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or 
that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent 
to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the 
Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. For a description 
of certain restrictions on offers, sales and transfers of Notes and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see 
"Subscription and Sale". 
 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United 
States and the Notes may include Materialised Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered or sold or, in the case of Materialised 
Notes in bearer form, delivered within the United States or, in the case of certain Materialised Notes in bearer 
form, to, or for the account or benefit of, United States persons as defined in the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended. The Notes are being offered and sold outside of the United States in offshore transactions 
to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S"). By accessing this 
Base Prospectus, you represent that you are a non-U.S. person that is outside of the United States. This Base 
Prospectus is not for publication, release or distribution in the United States. 
 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will 
include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines 
published by ESMA on 5 February 2018, and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended 
("MiFID II") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID II Product Governance Rules"), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by 
ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA's policy statement entitled "Brexit our approach to 
EU non-legislative materials"), in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should 
take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
PRIIPs REGULATION / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms 
in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are 
not intended, to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II, (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 January 2016 on 
insurance distribution, as amended (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II, or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) no. 1286/2014, as amended (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
UK PRIIPs REGULATION – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2017/565 of 25 April 2016 supplementing MiFID II as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and 
any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial 
instruments as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Arranger 
or the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
 
The Arranger and the Dealers have not separately verified the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. Neither the Arranger nor any of the Dealers makes any representation, 
express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus nor 
any other information supplied in connection with the Programme (including any information incorporated 
by reference) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase the Notes. Each prospective investor of Notes 
should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase 
of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. Neither the Arranger nor any of the 
Dealers undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the arrangements 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or prospective investor in the Notes of any 
information that may come to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger. Any websites referred to in 
this Base Prospectus are for information purposes only and do not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
 
None of the Dealers or the Issuer makes any representation to any investor in the Notes regarding the legality 
of its investment under any applicable laws. Any investor in the Notes should be able to bear the economic 
risk of an investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of time. 
 
Neither the Arranger nor any of the Dealers makes any representation as to the suitability of any Green 
Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainability Bonds (as defined herein), including the listing or admission to trading 
thereof on any dedicated "green", "social", "sustainable" or other equivalently labelled segment of any stock 
exchange or securities market, to fulfil any green criteria required by any prospective investors. The Arranger 
and the Dealers have not undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any assessment of the eligibility criteria 
for eligible green assets, any verification of whether the eligible green assets meet such criteria or the 
monitoring of the use of proceeds of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds (or amounts 
equal thereto). Neither the Arranger nor any of the Dealers makes any representation as to the suitability or 
contents of the Framework (as defined herein) and the second party opinion delivered by Vigeo Eiris. 
 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to "€", 
"Euro", "euro" or "EUR" are to the lawful currency of the member states of the European Union that have 
adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended 
by the Treaty on European Union and as amended by the Treaty of Amsterdam, references to "£", "pounds 
sterling" and "Sterling" are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom, references to "$", "USD" and 
"US Dollars" are to the lawful currency of the United States of America, references to "¥", "JPY" and 
"Japanese Yen" are to the lawful currency of Japan and references to "CHF" and "Swiss Francs" are to the 
lawful currency of Switzerland.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ....................................................................... 7 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................... 18 
IMPORTANT CONSIDERATIONS .................................................................................................... 32 
RETAIL CASCADES ............................................................................................................................ 34 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ...................................................................... 36 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ................................................................................ 40 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ................................................................................. 41 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................. 80 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED NOTES ......... 81 
DESCRIPTION OF CRÉDIT MUTUEL ARKÉA AND THE GROUP ........................................... 83 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS ............................................................................................................... 89 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS................................................................................................................... 92 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ............................................................................................................. 120 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................. 125 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE 
PROSPECTUS ..................................................................................................................................... 128

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of 
Notes, the relevant Final Terms. 
This section "General Description of the Programme" constitutes a general description of the Programme for the 
purposes of Article 25.1(b) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019, as amended. It 
does not, and is not intended to, constitute a summary of this Base Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, or any implementing regulation thereof. 
Words and expressions defined in the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below shall have the same 
meanings in this general description. 
Issuer: 
Crédit Mutuel Arkéa 
 
LEI (Legal Entity Identifier): 
96950041VJ1QP0B69503 
Arranger: 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
 
Dealers: 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Crédit Mutuel Arkéa 
DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank, Frankfurt am Main 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
UniCredit Bank AG 
 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any Dealer under 
the Programme or appoint additional dealers either in respect of one or more 
Tranches or in respect of the whole Programme. References in this Base 
Prospectus to "Permanent Dealers" are to the persons listed above as Dealers 
and to such additional persons that are appointed as dealers in respect of the 
whole Programme (and whose appointment has not been terminated) and 
references to "Dealers" are to all Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed 
as a dealer in respect of one or more Tranches. 
 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme. 
 
Programme Limit: 
Up to €13,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date of issue) 
aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time. 
 
Risk Factors: 
An investment in the Notes involves certain risks which should be assessed prior 
to making any investment decision. 
Investors and/or Noteholders should refer to the section "Risk Factors" of this 
Base Prospectus in respect of the risks relating to the Issuer as well as the risks 
relating to the Notes. 
 
Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying 
Agent and Paying Agent: 
 
 
BNP Paribas Securities Services 
Luxembourg Listing Agent: 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch 
 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes may be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
 
The Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may be issued in Tranches on the 
same or different issue dates. 
 
The specific terms of each Tranche (including, without limitation, the aggregate 
nominal amount, issue price, redemption price thereof, and interest, if any,

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
payable thereunder) will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
at the time of the issue and will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, any 
maturity from one month from the date of original issue as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, Notes 
may be issued in Euro, U.S. Dollars, Japanese Yen, Swiss francs, Sterling and in 
any other currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Denomination(s): 
Notes shall be issued in the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the relevant 
Final Terms, save that all Notes shall have a minimum denomination of €50,000 
(or its equivalent in any other currency at the date of issue of such Notes) or, in 
the case of Senior Notes, such higher amount as may be required from time to 
time by any applicable laws or regulations for the purposes of being treated as 
MREL Eligible Instruments). 
 
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one denomination only. 
 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior Preferred Notes 
 
The Senior Preferred Notes (being those Notes which the applicable Final Terms 
specify as being Senior Preferred Notes), and, where applicable, any Coupon 
relating 
to 
them 
are 
direct, 
unconditional, 
unsecured 
and 
senior 
(chirographaires) obligations of the Issuer and rank and shall at all times rank: 
 
(i) 
pari passu without preference among themselves and with other Senior 
Preferred Notes; 
 
(ii) 
senior to Senior Non-Preferred Notes of the Issuer and any obligations 
ranking junior to Senior Non-Preferred Notes; and  
 
(iii) 
junior to all present and future claims benefiting from statutory 
preferences. 
 
Subject to applicable law, if any judgment is rendered by any competent court 
declaring the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer or if the 
Issuer is liquidated for any other reason, the holders of the Senior Preferred Notes 
in respect of such Notes and including, where applicable, the Coupons relating 
to them, will have a right to payment under the Notes: 
 
(i) 
only after, and subject to, payment in full of holders of present and 
future claims benefiting from statutory preferences; and 
 
(ii) 
subject to such payment in full, in priority to holders of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes and other present and future 
claims otherwise ranking junior to Senior Preferred Notes. 
 
To the extent permitted by the MREL Regulations, it is the intention of the Issuer 
that the Senior Preferred Notes shall be treated for regulatory purposes as MREL 
Eligible Instruments under the MREL Regulations but that the obligations of the 
Issuer and the rights of the Noteholders under the Senior Preferred Notes shall 
not be affected if the Senior Preferred Notes no longer qualify as MREL Eligible 
Instruments. However, in such circumstances, the Issuer may redeem the Senior 
Preferred Notes in accordance with Condition 6(c) (Redemption of Senior Notes 
upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event), if a MREL 
Disqualification Event Call Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes (being those Notes which the applicable Final 
Terms specify as being Senior Non-Preferred Notes), and, where applicable, any 
Coupon relating to them are direct, unconditional, unsecured and senior 
(chirographaires) obligations of the Issuer, and rank and shall at all times rank: 
 
(i) 
pari passu without preference among themselves and with other Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes; 
 
(ii) 
senior to Subordinated Notes; and 
 
(iii) 
junior to present and future claims benefiting from statutory 
preferences, including Senior Preferred Notes. 
 
Subject to applicable law, if any judgment is rendered by any competent court 
declaring the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer or if the 
Issuer is liquidated for any other reason, the holders of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes in respect of such Notes and including, where applicable, the Coupons 
relating to them, will have a right to payment under the Notes: 
 
(i) 
only after, and subject to, payment in full of holders of Senior Preferred 
Notes and other present and future claims benefiting from statutory 
preferences or otherwise ranking in priority to Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes; and 
 
(ii) 
subject to such payment in full, in priority to holders of Subordinated 
Notes and other present and future claims otherwise ranking junior to 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
 
In the context of any such judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the 
Issuer and in the event of incomplete payment of any obligations of the Issuer 
that rank or are expressed to rank senior to such Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the 
obligations of the Issuer in connection with such Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
will be terminated by operation of law. 
 
To the extent permitted by the MREL Regulations, it is the intention of the Issuer 
that the Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall be treated for regulatory purposes as 
MREL Eligible Instruments under the MREL Regulations but that the 
obligations of the Issuer and the rights of the Noteholders under the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes shall not be affected if the Senior Non-Preferred Notes no longer 
qualify as MREL Eligible Instruments. However, in such circumstances, the 
Issuer may redeem the Senior Non-Preferred Notes in accordance with 
Condition 6(c) (Redemption of Senior Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL 
Disqualification Event), if a MREL Disqualification Event Call Option is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Subordinated Notes 
 
The Subordinated Notes (being those Notes which the applicable Final Terms 
specify as to be Subordinated Notes) and including, where applicable, any 
Coupons relating to them, will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank and shall at all times rank:  
 
(1) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves; 
 
(2) 
so long as the Subordinated Notes constitute Tier 2 Capital fully or 
partly (such Subordinated Notes being thereafter referred to as 
"Qualifying Subordinated Notes"):  
 
(a) pari passu with (x) any present or future obligations or capital 
instruments of the Issuer which constitute, or constituted prior to 
28 December 2020, Tier 2 Capital fully or partly and (y) any

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
other present and future direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer that rank or are expressed 
to rank equally with the Qualifying Subordinated Notes; and 
 
(b) junior to (x) any Disqualified Subordinated Notes (as defined 
below) and (y) any other present and future direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer that rank or 
are expressed to rank senior to the Subordinated Notes; 
 
(3) 
if and when the Subordinated Notes no longer constitute Tier 2 Capital 
in whole, but not in part (such Subordinated Notes being thereafter 
referred to as "Disqualified Subordinated Notes"): 
 
(a) senior to (x) any present or future obligations or capital 
instruments of the Issuer which constitute, or constituted prior to 
28 December 2020, Tier 2 Capital fully or partly (such as the 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes) and any other present or future 
direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of 
the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with the 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes and (y) any other present and 
future direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank junior 
to the Subordinated Notes; 
 
(b) pari passu with any other present or future direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer that rank or 
are expressed to rank pari passu with the Disqualified 
Subordinated Notes; and 
 
(c) junior to any other present and future direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer that rank or 
are expressed to rank senior to the Disqualified Subordinated 
Notes; 
 
(4) 
senior to any present and future prêts participatifs granted to the Issuer, 
titres participatifs issued by the Issuer and deeply subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer (engagements dits "super subordonnés" or 
engagements subordonnés de dernier rang); and 
 
(5) 
junior to any present and future unsubordinated creditors (including 
depositors, holders of Senior Preferred Notes and holders of Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes) of the Issuer. 
 
Subject to applicable law, if any judgment is rendered by any competent court 
declaring the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer or if the 
Issuer is liquidated for any other reason, the rights of payment of the holders of 
the Subordinated Notes in respect of such Subordinated Notes and including, 
where applicable, the Coupons relating to them (if any) shall be: 
 
(i) 
subordinated to the payment in full of: 
 
(a) all unsubordinated creditors (including depositors, holders of 
Senior Preferred Notes and holders of Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes); 
 
(b) with respect to Qualifying Subordinated Notes, (x) any present 
and future direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank senior 
to the Subordinated Notes and (y) any holder of Disqualified 
Subordinated Notes; and

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
(c) with respect to Disqualifying Subordinated Notes, any other 
present and future direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer that rank or are expressed 
to rank senior to the Disqualified Subordinated Notes; and 
 
(ii) 
subject to such payment in full, paid in priority to: 
 
(a) (x) with respect to Disqualified Subordinated Notes, any 
present or future obligations or capital instruments of the 
Issuer which constitute, or constituted prior to 28 December 
2020, Tier 2 Capital fully or partly (such as the Qualifying 
Subordinated Notes) and any other present or future 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer that rank or are 
expressed to rank pari passu with the Qualifying Subordinated 
Notes and (y) any other present and future direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the 
Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank junior to the 
Subordinated Notes; and  
 
(b) any present and future prêts participatifs granted to the Issuer, 
titres participatifs issued by the Issuer and deeply 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer (engagements dits 
"super subordonnés" or engagements subordonnés de dernier 
rang). 
 
In the context of any such judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the 
Issuer and in the event of incomplete payment of any obligations of the Issuer 
that rank or are expressed to rank senior to such Subordinated Notes, the 
obligations of the Issuer in connection with such Subordinated Notes will be 
terminated by operation of law. 
 
If an insolvency proceeding or voluntary liquidation applies to the Issuer, the 
holders of the Subordinated Notes and including, where applicable, the Coupons 
relating to them, shall be responsible for taking all steps necessary to preserve 
the rights they may have against the Issuer. 
 
It is the intention of the Issuer that the Subordinated Notes shall, for 
supervisory purposes, be treated as Tier 2 Capital. Disqualified Subordinated 
Notes shall rank senior to any present or future obligations or capital instruments 
of the Issuer which constitute, or constituted prior to 28 December 2020, Tier 2 
Capital fully or partly (such as the Qualifying Subordinated Notes). However, 
the Issuer may redeem the Subordinated Notes in accordance with Condition 
6(d) (Redemption of Subordinated Notes upon the occurrence of a Capital 
Event). 
 
Negative Pledge: 
There is no negative pledge in respect of the Notes.  
 
Events of Default: 
There are no events of default in respect of the Notes.  
 
Redemption Amount: 
Subject to any laws and regulations applicable from time to time, the relevant 
Final Terms will specify the redemption amounts payable calculated in 
accordance with the applicable Conditions. 
 
Redemption: 
Redemption at maturity 
 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation of the Notes or their early redemption, 
the Notes will be redeemed on the above mentioned maturity date at 100% of 
their nominal amount. 
 
Redemption prior to maturity

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
(i) Senior Notes 
 
The Senior Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity at the option of the 
Issuer (i) if a call option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, it being specified that a call option will not be permitted prior to 
one (1) year from the Issue Date, (ii) in the case of a MREL 
Disqualification Event if a MREL Disqualification Event Call Option is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, (iii) in the case of (a) a 
Withholding Tax Event or (b) a Gross-Up Event. In such cases, the Issuer’s 
option to redeem the Senior Notes is subject to such redemption not being 
prohibited by the MREL Regulations and to the prior approval of the 
Relevant Resolution Authority. 
 
(ii) Subordinated Notes 
 
The Subordinated Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity (subject to 
certain conditions including in particular the prior approval of the Relevant 
Regulator) at the option of the Issuer (i) if a call option is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, it being specified that a call option 
will not be permitted prior to five (5) years from the Issue Date, (ii) in the 
case of a Capital Event if a Capital Event Call Option is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms or (iii) in the case of a Tax Event. 
 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of 
the Notes shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction 
for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any 
authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. If such a withholding or deduction is required by 
the French law, the Issuer will have to gross-up its payments to the fullest extent 
then permitted by law and subject to certain exceptions. 
 
Interest Periods and Interest 
Rates: 
 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable interest rate 
or its method of calculation may differ from time to time or be constant for any 
Series. Notes may have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or 
both, provided that in no event shall the interest rate be less than zero. The use 
of Interest Accrual Periods permits the Notes to bear interest at different rates in 
the same interest period. All such information (except the method of calculation) 
will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Fixed Rate Resettable Notes: 
 
Fixed Rate Resettable Notes will initially bear interest at a fixed rate and will 
then be resettable, as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each Series as 
follows: 
(i) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate swap 
transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by the June 2013 
FBF Master Agreement, as published by the Fédération bancaire française, 
in their updated version applicable as at the date of issue of the first Tranche 
of the relevant Series, or 
(ii) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate swap 
transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an agreement 
incorporating either the 2006 ISDA Definitions, or the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, each as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. ("ISDA") on its website (http://www.isda.org), in their 
updated version applicable as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the 
relevant Series, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; or

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
(iii) on the basis of a reference rate appearing on an agreed screen page of a 
commercial quotation service, which shall be EURIBOR or any other 
reference rate that might replace them, 
 
in each case by applying one of the formulae specified in the Conditions of the 
Notes as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. Floating Rate Notes may also 
have a maximum rate of interest and/or reference rate(s), a minimum rate of 
interest and/or reference rate(s) or both and/or rate multiplier. 
 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, 
Fixed/CMS Linked Notes, 
Floating/Fixed Rate Notes, 
CMS Linked Notes/Fixed Rate 
Notes, Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes, 
Floating/Floating Rate Notes 
and CMS/CMS Linked Notes: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, Fixed/CMS Linked Notes, Floating/Fixed Rate 
Notes, CMS Linked Notes/Fixed Rate Notes, Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes, 
Floating/Floating Rate Notes and CMS/CMS Linked Notes are Notes for which 
a change of interest basis (whether automatically or optional) is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
CMS Linked Notes: 
Payments of interest in respect of CMS Linked Notes shall be calculated by 
reference to one or more CMS Rates and by applying one of the formulae 
specified in the Conditions of the Notes as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Such Notes may have a maximum rate of interest and/or CMS Rate(s), a 
minimum rate of interest and/or CMS Rate(s) or all combined and/or rate 
multiplier. 
 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes 
and Inverse CMS Linked 
Notes: 
 
 
 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inverse Floating Rate Notes or Inverse CMS 
Linked Notes, as the case may be, for each Interest Accrual Period, shall be equal 
to a Fixed Rate minus a Floating Rate or a CMS Rate, as the case may be. 
 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at par or at a discount to it and will not bear 
interest. 
 
Benchmark Event: 
In the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, such that any rate of interest (or any 
component part thereof) cannot be determined by reference to the original 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an independent 
adviser to determine a successor or an alternative benchmark (with consequent 
amendment to the terms of such Series of Notes and, potentially, the application 
of an adjustment spread which could be negative or positive). See Condition 5(e) 
(Benchmark Event) for further information.  
 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds and 
Sustainability Bonds: 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainability Bonds may be issued by the Issuer 
to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, new or existing projects from 
any of the eligible green loan categories (the "Eligible Green Loan Categories" 
and such Notes being "Green Bonds"), the eligible social loan categories (the 
"Eligible Social Loan Categories" and such Notes being "Social Bonds") or 
from both the Eligible Green Loan Categories and the Eligible Social Loan 
Categories (such Notes being "Sustainability Bonds"), as defined in the "Use 
of Proceeds" section of the relevant Final Terms and as further described in the 
Issuer's green, social and sustainability bond framework (as amended and 
supplemented from time to time, the "Framework") which is available on the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.cm-
arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/mutuel/c_37851/fr/green-social-bonds). 
 
The Framework further describes the above-mentioned projects and is 
substantially based on the Green Bond Principles, Social Bond Principles and 
Sustainability Bond Guidelines published by the International Capital Markets

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
Association in their updated edition or any more recent version such as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms.  
 
The Issuer has appointed Vigeo Eiris to provide a second party opinion on the 
Framework, which is also available on the Issuer's website.  
 
The Issuer will publish an annual report on its website detailing the allocation of 
the Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds and their impact until 
full allocation of the proceeds. 
 
Prior to any investment in Notes in which the net proceeds are to be used to 
finance investments included in the Eligible Green Loan Categories and/or the 
Eligible Social Loan Categories, as further specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, investors are advised to consult the Framework for further information.  
 
Form of Notes: 
Notes may be issued in either dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or 
in materialised form ("Materialised Notes"). 
 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be issued in bearer form 
(au porteur) or in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the 
option of the relevant holder, in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur) 
or administered form (au nominatif administré). No physical documents of title 
will be issued in respect of Dematerialised Notes. 
 
 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer form only. A Temporary Global Certificate 
will initially be issued in respect of each Tranche of Materialised Notes. 
Materialised Notes may only be issued outside France. 
 
Waiver of Set-off rights: 
The Noteholders waive any right of set-off, compensation and retention in 
relation to the Notes, to the extent permitted by law. 
 
Representation of Noteholders: 
Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped 
automatically for the defence of their common interests in a Masse which will 
be governed by the provisions of Articles L.228-46 et seq. of the French Code 
de commerce as supplemented by Condition 11. 
 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through the 
Representative and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders.  
 
Governing Law: 
French law. 
 
Recognition of Bail-in and Loss 
Absorption: 
Notwithstanding any other term of a given Series of Notes or any other 
agreement, arrangement or understanding between the Issuer and the 
Noteholders, by its acquisition of any Note, each Noteholder acknowledges, 
accepts, consents and agrees: 
 
(i) 
to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the Bail-in and Loss 
Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority, which may 
include and result in any of the following, or some combination 
thereof: 
a. 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due (as 
defined below) on a permanent basis; 
b. the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due into 
shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or 
another person (and the issue to the Noteholder of such shares, 
securities or obligations), including by means of an 
amendment, modification or variation of the terms of such 
Notes, in which case the Noteholder agrees to accept in lieu of 
its rights under such Notes any such shares, other securities or 
other obligations of the Issuer or another person; 
c. 
the cancellation of the Notes; 
d. the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
amendment of the amount of interest payable on the Notes, or 
the date on which the interest becomes payable, including by 
suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
 
(ii) 
that the terms of the Notes are subject to, and may be varied, if 
necessary, to give effect to, the exercise of the Bail-in and Loss 
Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority 
 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear France as central depositary in relation to Dematerialised Notes and, 
in relation to Materialised Notes, Clearstream and Euroclear or any other 
clearing system that may be agreed between the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the 
relevant Dealer. 
 
Initial Delivery of 
Dematerialised Notes: 
 
One (1) Paris business day before the issue date of each Tranche of 
Dematerialised Notes, the Lettre comptable or, as the case may be, the 
application form relating to such Tranche shall be deposited with Euroclear 
France as central depositary. 
 
Initial Delivery of Materialised 
Notes: 
 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche of Materialised Notes, the 
Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of such Tranche shall be 
deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream or with any 
other clearing system or may be delivered outside any clearing system provided 
that the method of such delivery has been agreed in advance by the Issuer, the 
Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer(s). 
 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or premium to their 
nominal amount. The issue price of the Notes will be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
 
Listing and Admission to 
Trading: 
 
Application may be made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued 
under the Programme for the period of twelve (12) months from the date of this 
Base Prospectus to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Notes may also be unlisted or listed and/or 
admitted to trading on any other Regulated Market in the EEA in accordance 
with the Prospectus Regulation and/or any other market, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
 
Offer to the public pursuant to 
a non-exempt offer: 
 
The Notes may be offered to the public pursuant to a non-exempt offer in France, 
in any Member State of the EEA, to the extent the CSSF has provided a 
certificate of approval attesting that this Base Prospectus (and, if applicable, any 
supplement thereto) has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms and in accordance with 
any applicable laws and regulations. 
 
Use of Proceeds: 
The net proceeds of the issue of Notes will be used (i) for the Issuer's general 
corporate purposes or (ii) to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, new 
or existing projects from any of the Eligible Green Loan Categories, Eligible 
Social Loan Categories or from both the Eligible Green Loan Categories and the 
Eligible Social Loan Categories, as described in the relevant Final Terms and in 
the Issuer's green, social and sustainability bond framework (as may be amended 
and supplemented from time to time), which will be available on the Issuer's 
website 
(https://www.cm-
arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/mutuel/c_37851/fr/green-social-bonds). If, 
in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular use of proceeds, this will 
be stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
Rating: 
Senior Preferred Notes to be issued under the Programme are expected to be 
rated A/F1 by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch") and Aa3/P-1 by Moody's 
France S.A.S ("Moody's"). Senior Non-Preferred Notes to be issued under the 
Programme are expected to be rated A- by Fitch and A3 by Moody's. 
Subordinated Notes to be issued under the Programme are expected to be rated 
Baa1 by Moody's. 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Fitch and Moody's are established in the 
European Union, registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended 
(the "EU CRA Regulation") and included in the list of registered credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) 
in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. 
 
The ratings of the Notes issued under the Programme by Fitch and Moody's are 
expected to be endorsed by a credit rating agency established and registered in 
the United Kingdom (the "UK") or certified under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation"). As such, the ratings 
to be issued by Fitch and Moody's may be used for regulatory purposes in the 
UK in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.  
 
In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (1) the 
rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency 
not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation.  
 
Notes issed under the Programme may be rated or not rated. The rating of the 
Notes (if any) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.A rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
change, or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
 
 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer and sale of Notes and 
the distribution of offering material in various 
jurisdictions (see "Subscription and Sale").  
 
The Issuer is Category 1 for the purposes of Regulation 
S. 
 
Materialised Notes will be issued in compliance with 
U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) or any successor 
regulation issued under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended (the "Code") section 4701(b) 
containing rules identical to those applying under Code 
section 163(f)(2)(B) unless (i) the relevant Final Terms 
states that such Materialised Notes are issued in 
compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) or 
any successor regulation issued under Code section 
4701(b) containing rules identical to those currently 
applying under Code section 163(f)(2)(B) (the "C 
Rules") or (ii) such Materialised Notes are issued other 
than in compliance with the D Rules or the C Rules but 
in circumstances in which the Notes will not constitute 
"registration required obligations" under the United 
States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 
("TEFRA"), which circumstances will be referred to in 
the relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA 
is not applicable.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
General Information 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto published 
from time to time and the Final Terms relating to Notes 
that are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market 
and/or offered to the public pursuant to a non-exempt 
offer in any Member State of the EEA will be published 
on 
the 
websites 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/mutuel
/ecb_5038/fr/programme-emtn) and/or the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation. In addition, if the Notes are listed 
and/or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market of the 
EEA other than the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the 
relevant Final Terms will provide whether this Base 
Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms will be 
published on the websites of (i) the relevant Regulated 
Market and/or (ii) the relevant competent authority 
and/or (iii) the Issuer.  
So long as any of the Notes are outstanding under this 
Base Prospectus, copies of this Base Prospectus and 
various other documents will also be available for 
inspection and obtainable upon request and free of 
charge, during usual business hours on any weekday, at 
the registered office of the Issuer (1, rue Louis Lichou, 
29480 Le Relecq Kerhuon, France).

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
RISK FACTORS  
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in the Notes 
issued under the Programme. The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes issued under the Programme. Most of these factors are contingencies which may or may 
not occur. The risk factors may relate to the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries. 
Factors which the Issuer believes are specific to the Notes and material for an informed investment decision with 
respect to investing in the Notes issued under the Programme are described below. In each category below the Issuer 
sets out the most material risks in first, taking into account the negative impact of such risks and the probability of 
their occurrence. Investors must be aware that other risks and uncertainties which, on the date of this Base 
Prospectus, are not known of by the Issuer, or are considered not to be relevant, may have a significant impact on 
the Issuer, its activities, its financial condition and the Notes.  
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including 
the relevant information of any documents deemed to be incorporated by reference herein) and the Final Terms of 
the relevant Notes and make their own opinion about risk factors prior to making any investment decision. Investors 
should in particular conduct their own analysis and evaluation of the risks relating to the Issuer, its financial 
condition and the Notes and consult their own financial or legal advisers about risks associated with the investment 
in a particular Series of Notes and the suitability of investing in the Notes in light of their particular circumstances. 
The Issuer considers that the Notes shall only be purchased by investors which are (or are advised by) qualified 
investors who have sufficient knowledge and experience to appropriately evaluate the risks associated with the 
Notes. 
Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus shall have the same meanings when used below. 
 
 
1. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER AND ITS ACTIVITY 
 
The Issuer is subject to the following categories of risks: strategic, business and ecosystem risks, credit risk, 
operational risk, liquidity risk, interest rate risk, insurance risk, market risks and environmental risks, including 
climate. 
 
Investors are invited to read the detailed information on risk factors relating to the Issuer and its activity set out in 
the 2021 Universal Registration Document (pages 218 to 233) which was filed with the Autorité des marchés 
financiers on 14 April 2022 under registration number D.22-0296 and which pages are incorporated by reference 
herein (See "Documents Incorporated by Reference").  
 
 
2. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES  
 
The following paragraphs describe some of the risk factors that are material to the Notes in order to assess the risk 
associated with these Notes. Prospective investors should consult their own financial and legal advisers about risks 
associated with investment in a particular Series of Notes and the suitability of investing in the Notes in light of their 
particular circumstances. 
 
2.1 
Risks for Noteholders as creditors of the Issuer and legal risks 
 
The Notes may be subject to mandatory write-down or conversion to equity if the Issuer becomes subject to a 
resolution procedure 
 
As an établissement de crédit in France, the Issuer is subject to the Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament 
and of the Council establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment 
firms dated 15 May 2014 (the "Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive" or "BRRD" as amended by Directive 
(EU) 2019/879 (the "BRRD Revision" and together with BRRD, "BRRD II")) as implemented under French law. 
BRRD II provides authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound 
or failing institution so as to ensure the continuity of the institution's critical financial and economic functions, while 
minimising the impact of an institution's failure on the economy and financial system. 
 
The Relevant Resolution Authority (as defined below) may commence resolution proceedings in respect of an 
institution such as the Issuer when the Relevant Resolution Authority determines that:

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
- 
the institution is failing or likely to fail;  
 
- 
there is no reasonable prospect that another action will prevent the failure within a reasonable time; and  
 
- 
a resolution measure is required, and a liquidation procedure would fail, to achieve the objectives of the 
resolution: (i) to ensure the continuity of critical functions, (ii) to avoid a significant adverse effect on the 
financial system, (iii) to protect public funds by minimizing reliance on extraordinary public financial 
support, and (iv) to protect client funds and assets, and in particular those of depositors.  
 
After resolution proceedings are initiated, the Relevant Resolution Authority may use one or more of several 
resolution tools with a view to recapitalizing or restoring the viability of the institution, as described below. 
 
Capital instruments (such as the Qualifying Subordinated Notes) and, under certain conditions, eligible liabilities 
(such as the Disqualified Subordinated Notes, the Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes) may 
be written down or converted to equity or other instruments either in connection with and prior to the opening of a 
resolution proceeding, or in certain other cases without a resolution proceeding. Capital Instruments must be written-
down or converted to equity or other instruments in the following order of priority: (i) common equity tier 1 
instruments are to be written-down first, (ii) additional tier 1 instruments issued before 28 December 2020 that are 
or were, before that date, totally or partially, qualifying as such and additional tier 1 instruments issued after 28 
December 2020 so long as they remain totally or partly qualifying as such are to be written-down or converted into 
common equity tier 1 instruments, and (iii) tier 2 capital instruments issued before 28 December 2020 that are or 
were, before that date, totally or partially, qualifying as such and tier 2 capital instruments issued after 28 December 
2020 so long as they remain totally or partly qualifying as such (such as the Qualifying Subordinated Notes) are to 
be written-down or converted to common equity tier 1 instruments. Eligible liabilities may be written-down or 
converted to equity or other instruments in the following order of priority: (i) subordinated debt instruments other 
than capital instruments (such as the Disqualified Subordinated Notes) are to be written-down or converted into 
common equity tier 1 instruments in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings, and 
(ii) other eligible liabilities (such as the Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes) are to be 
written-down or converted into common equity tier 1 instruments. The Relevant Resolution Authority may 
permanently write-down the Notes or convert the Notes into equity at the point of non-viability of the Issuer or the 
Group. 
 
The powers provided to the Relevant Resolution Authority, once a resolution procedure is initiated, include the Bail-
in Tool (as defined below), meaning the power to write-down (including to zero) bail-inable liabilities of a credit 
institution in resolution, or to convert them to equity. Bail-inable liabilities include subordinated debt instruments 
not qualifying as capital instruments (such as the Disqualified Subordinated Notes), senior unsecured debt 
instruments (such as the Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and other liabilities that are 
not excluded from the scope of the Bail-in Tool pursuant to Article 44, paragraph 2 of BRRD II, such as non-covered 
deposits or financial instruments that are not secured or used for hedging purposes. The Bail-in Tool may also be 
applied to any liabilities that are capital instruments and that remain outstanding at the time the Bail-in Tool is 
applied. The exercise of the Bail-in Tool by the Relevant Resolution Authority could result in the partial or full 
write-down or conversion into equity securities or other instruments of the Notes. 
 
In addition to the Bail-in Tool, the Relevant Resolution Authority is provided with broad powers to implement other 
resolution measures with respect to failing institutions or, under certain circumstances, their groups. The exercise of 
such powers by Relevant Resolution Authority could result in the partial or full write-down or conversion into equity 
securities or other instruments of the Notes. In addition, if the Issuer's financial condition, or that of any member of 
the Group deteriorates or is perceived to deteriorate, the existence of these powers could cause the market value of 
the Notes to decline more rapidly than would be the case in the absence of such powers. 
 
Article 68 of BRRD II, as implemented in France, provides that certain crisis prevention measures and crisis 
management measures, including the opening of a resolution proceeding in respect of the Issuer, may not by 
themselves give rise to a contractual enforcement right against the Issuer or the right to modify the Issuer's 
obligations, so long as the Issuer continues to meet its payment obligations. Accordingly, if a resolution proceeding 
is opened in respect of the Issuer, holders of the Notes will not have the right to declare an event of default, to 
accelerate the maturity of the Notes, to modify the terms of the Notes or to exercise other enforcement rights in 
respect of the Notes so long as the Issuer continues to meet its payment obligations. 
 
The taking of any action by the Relevant Resolution Authority under BRRD II in relation to the Issuer or the Group 
could materially affect the right of Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in the Notes and/or the ability

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any Notes. As a result, Noteholders could lose all or a substantial part 
of their investment in the Notes. 
 
French Insolvency Law 
 
As a société anonyme coopérative de crédit à capital variable incorporated in France, French insolvency law applies 
to the Issuer. In the event that the Issuer becomes insolvent, insolvency proceedings will be generally governed by 
the insolvency laws of France to the extent that, where applicable, the "centre of main interests" (as construed under 
Regulation (EU) 2015/848, as amended) of the Issuer is located in France.  
 
Directive (EU) 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and disqualifications, and 
on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, insolvency and discharge of debt, and 
amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 has been transposed into French law by the Ordonnance 2021-1193 dated 15 
September 2021. Such Ordonnance, applicable as from 1st October 2021, amends French insolvency law notably 
with regard to the process of adoption of restructuring plans under insolvency proceedings. According to this 
Ordonnance, "affected parties" (including notably creditors, and therefore the Noteholders), as well as secured and 
unsecured receivables, shall be treated in separate classes for the purpose of adopting a restructuring plan. Classes 
shall be formed in such a way that each class comprises claims or interests with rights that reflect a sufficient 
commonality of interest based on verifiable criteria. Noteholders will no longer deliberate on the proposed 
restructuring plan in a separate assembly, meaning that they will no longer benefit from a specific veto power on 
this plan. Instead, as any other affected parties, the Noteholders will be grouped into one or several classes (with 
potentially other types of creditors) and their dissenting vote may possibly be overridden by a cross-class cram down.  
 
The decision of each class is taken by a two-third (2/3rd) majority of the voting rights of the participating members, 
no quorum being required. 
 
If the restructuring plan is not approved by all classes of affected parties, it can still be ratified by the court at the 
request of the Issuer or the receiver with the Issuer's consent and be imposed on dissenting classes through a cross-
class cram down, under certain conditions.  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions relating to the representation of Noteholders described in Condition 11 
(Representation of Noteholders) will not be applicable to the extent they are not in compliance with compulsory 
insolvency law provisions that apply in these circumstances. 
 
Both the scopes of the Directive (EU) 2019/1023 and the ordonnance do not cover financial institutions, unless the 
competent authority chooses to make them applicable. In such a case, the application of French insolvency law to a 
credit institution as the Issuer is also subject to the prior permission of the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de 
résolution before the opening of any safeguard, judicial reorganisation or liquidation proceedings. This limitation 
will affect the ability of the Noteholders to recover their investments in the Notes. 
 
Should such proceedings be opened, the commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer could have a 
material adverse impact on the market value of Notes issued by the Issuer. As a consequence, any decision taken by 
a class of affected parties could substantially and adversely impact the Noteholders and even cause them to lose all 
or part of their investment, should they not be able to recover amounts due to them from the Issuer.  
 
Modification and waivers 
 
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their 
common interests in a masse, as defined in Condition 11 (Representation of Noteholders), and matters affecting their 
interests are generally adopted either through a General Meeting or by unanimous consent following a written 
consultation. The Conditions permit in certain cases defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders 
who did not attend and vote at the relevant General Meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the 
majority. Noteholders may therefore be bound by General Meetings in which they have not participated or for which 
they expressed a view to the contrary. In addition, General Meetings may deliberate on any proposal relating to the 
modification of the Conditions including any proposal, whether for arbitration or settlement, relating to rights in 
controversy or which were the subject of judicial decisions, as more fully described in Condition 11 (Representation 
of Noteholders).  
 
By exception to the above provisions and except for Notes issued with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency), Condition 11(d)(iii) (Exclusion of certain provisions of the French Code de 
commerce) provides that the provisions of Article L. 228-65 I. 1° and 4° of the French Code de commerce 
(respectively providing for a prior approval of the Noteholders of any change in corporate purpose or form of the 
Issuer and of an issue of bonds benefiting from a security (sûreté réelle)) and the related provisions of the French

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
Code de commerce shall not apply to the Notes. As a result of these exclusions, the prior approval of the Noteholders 
will not have to be obtained on any such matters which may negatively affect their interests generally.  
 
While it is not possible to assess the likelihood that the Conditions will need to be amended by way of a General 
Meeting during the life of the Notes, if such a General Meeting were to take place, it is possible that a majority of 
Noteholders could adopt a decision that would modify the terms and conditions in a way that could impair or limit 
the rights of the Noteholders. However, the likelihood of a majority of Noteholders adopting a decision that would 
have a significant adverse effect on the Noteholders should not be overplayed. 
 
The Conditions of the Notes contain a waiver of set-off rights 
 
Condition 14 (Waiver of Set-Off) provides that Noteholders waive any set-off rights to which they might otherwise 
be entitled to the extent such rights would otherwise impact the loss absorbing capacity of the Notes. As a result, 
holders of the Notes will not at any time be entitled to set-off the Issuer's obligations under the Notes against 
obligations owed by them to the Issuer. Therefore, Noteholders may not receive any amount in respect of their 
claims or any amount due under the Notes. 
 
2.2 
Risks related to the market of the Notes 
 
Market value of the Notes 
 
The market value of the Notes will be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or that of the Group and a 
number of additional factors, including, but not limited to, market interest, yield and rates and the time remaining to 
the maturity date.  
 
The market value of the Notes depends on a number of interrelated factors, including economic, financial and 
political events in France or elsewhere (including Brexit), including factors affecting capital markets generally and 
the stock exchanges on which the Notes are traded. The price at which a Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes 
prior to maturity or redemption, as the case may be, may be at a discount, which could be substantial, from the issue 
price or the purchase price paid by such purchaser and result in losing part of their investment in the Notes.  
 
An active trading market for the Notes may not develop 
 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does develop, 
it may not be liquid. Therefore, Noteholders may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide 
them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly 
the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific 
investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories 
of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility 
than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have an adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. 
 
In addition, Noteholders should be aware of the prevailing and widely reported global credit market conditions 
(which continue at the date of this Base Prospectus), whereby there is a general lack of liquidity in the secondary 
market for instruments similar to the Notes. Such lack of liquidity may result in Noteholders suffering losses on the 
Notes in secondary resales even if there is no decline in the credit strength of the Issuer. Furthermore, if additional 
and competing products are introduced in the markets, this may adversely affect the market value of the Notes and 
as a consequence Noteholders could lose part of their investment in the Notes. 
 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
 
This Programme allows the Issuer to pay principal and interest on the Notes in a range of currencies (the "Specified 
Currency") as defined in Condition 5(a) (Interest and other Calculations - Definitions). This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or 
currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange 
rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of 
the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or 
modify exchange controls.  
 
An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the 
Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal 
payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
 
Government and monetary or financial authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, Noteholders whose financial activities are carried 
out or dependend principally in a currency or currency unit other than the relevant Specified Currency may receive 
less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
 
2.3 
Risks related to the structure and features of a particular issue of Notes 
 
2.3.1 Risks related to the status of a particular issue of Notes 
 
Subordinated Notes are subordinated obligations and are junior to Senior Notes. 
 
The Issuer’s obligations under the Subordinated Notes (including, where applicable, the Coupons related thereto) 
are unsecured and subordinated and will rank junior in priority of payment to unsubordinated creditors (including 
depositors, holders of Senior Preferred Notes and holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) of the Issuer, and creditors 
in respect of other subordinated obligations ranking or expressed to rank senior to the Subordinated Notes, as more 
fully described in Condition 3(c) (Status - Subordinated Notes). 
 
Pursuant to Article L. 613-30-3-I-5° of the French Code monétaire et financier created by the French Ordonnance 
n° 2020-1636 relative au régime de résolution dans le secteur bancaire dated 21 December 2020 which has 
implemented Article 48(7) of the BRRD II under French law and according to Condition 3(c) (Subordinated Notes), 
any Subordinated Notes issued after 28 December 2020 will, if they are no longer treated as Tier 2 Capital (such as 
the Disqualified Subordinated Notes), change ranking so that they will rank senior to any present or future 
obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer which constitute, or constituted prior to 28 December 2020, Tier 2 
Capital fully or partly. For the avoidance of doubt, such change to a more senior rank would occur over the life of 
the relevant Subordinated Notes automatically as per the terms of Condition 3(c) (Subordinated Notes) without 
consultation of the holders of such Subordinated Notes or the holders of any other Notes outstanding at such time. 
 
Subject to applicable law, if any judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial liquidation 
(liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason, the rights of payment of the 
holders of the Subordinated Notes will be subordinated to the payment in full of unsubordinated creditors (including 
depositors, holders of Senior Preferred Notes and holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes), any other creditors whose 
claims rank senior to the Subordinated Notes and, in the case of Qualifying Subordinated Notes, the holders of 
Disqualified Subordinated Notes. As a consequence, the risk of non-payment for the Subordinated Notes which are 
still fully or partly recognised as Tier 2 Capital would be increased. In the event of incomplete payment of 
unsubordinated creditors (and subordinated creditors ranking senior to any Subordinated Notes) upon the liquidation 
of the Issuer, the obligations of the Issuer in connection with the Subordinated Notes will be terminated. 
 
Furthermore, as indicated in the risk factor entitled "The Issuer is not prohibited from issuing further debt, which 
may rank pari passu with the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, or senior 
to Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes" below, there is no restriction on the issuance by the Issuer 
of additional senior obligations. As a consequence, if the Issuer enters into judicial liquidation (liquidation 
judiciaire) proceedings or is liquidated for any other reason, the Issuer will be required to pay potentially substantial 
amounts of senior obligations (such as deposits, Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) before any 
payment is made in respect of the Subordinated Notes.  
 
In addition, if a resolution proceeding is opened in respect of the Issuer, the Subordinated Notes (including the 
Disqualified Subordinated Notes) would be written-down or converted in full before any of the Issuer's Senior 
Preferred Notes and any other present or future senior preferred obligations of the Issuer or Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and any other present or future senior non preferred obligations of the Issuer were written-down or converted 
due to the fact that the Subordinated Notes rank junior to Senior Preferred Obligations and Senior Non-Preferred 
Obligations. 
 
As a consequence, holders of the Subordinated Notes bear significantly more risk than holders of senior obligations 
(such as deposits, Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and there is a substantial risk that holders 
of Subordinated Notes will lose all or a significant part of their investment should the Issuer become insolvent. 
 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes are senior non-preferred obligations and are junior to Senior Preferred Notes and 
certain obligations 
 
The Issuer’s obligations under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (including, where applicable, the Coupons related 
thereto) constitute senior non-preferred obligations within the meaning of Article L. 613-30-3 I 4° of the French 
Code monétaire et financier (the "Senior Non-Preferred Law"). While the Senior Non-Preferred Notes by their 
terms are expressed to be direct, unconditional, unsecured and senior (chirographaires) obligations of the Issuer, 
they nonetheless rank junior in priority of payment to senior preferred obligations of the Issuer. The Issuer’s senior

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
preferred obligations include all of its deposit liabilities, its obligations in respect of derivatives and other financial 
contracts, its unsubordinated debt securities outstanding as of the date of the entry into force of the Senior Non-
Preferred Law and all unsubordinated or senior debt securities issued thereafter that are not expressed to be senior 
non-preferred obligations within the meaning of the Senior Non-Preferred Law, including the Senior Preferred 
Notes. 
 
The amount of the Issuer’s outstanding senior preferred debt securities, the deposit liabilities and the fair market 
value of the Issuer's derivative liabilities are set forth in the Issuer’s consolidated financial statements (as of the 
respective dates specified therein) that are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
 
Furthermore, as indicated in the risk factor entitled "The Issuer is not prohibited from issuing further debt, which 
may rank pari passu with the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, or senior 
to Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes" below, there is no restriction on the issuance by the Issuer 
of additional senior preferred obligations. As a consequence, if the Issuer enters into judicial liquidation (liquidation 
judiciaire) proceedings or is liquidated for any other reason, the Issuer will be required to pay potentially substantial 
amounts of senior preferred obligations (such as deposits and Senior Preferred Notes) before any payment is made 
in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
 
In addition, if a resolution proceeding is opened in respect of the Issuer, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes would be 
written down or converted in full before any of the Issuer’s senior preferred obligations were written down or 
converted due to the fact that senior non-preferred obligations such as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes rank junior 
to senior preferred obligations.  
 
As a consequence, holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes bear significantly more risk than holders of senior 
preferred obligations (such as deposits and Senior Preferred Notes), and there is a substantial risk that holders of 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes will lose all or a significant part of their investments should the Issuer become insolvent. 
 
The Issuer is not prohibited from issuing further debt, which may rank pari passu with the Senior Preferred Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, or senior to Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes 
 
The Conditions of the Notes place no restriction on the amount of debt (whether unsubordinated or subordinated) 
that the Issuer may issue that ranks (i) senior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes or (ii) pari 
passu with the Senior Preferred Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes and the aggregate 
amount due under such outstanding debt may be substantial. The Issuer’s incurrence of additional debt may have 
important consequences for Noteholders, including increasing the risk of the Issuer’s inability to satisfy its 
obligations with respect to the Notes, a loss in the market value of the Notes, if any; and a downgrading or withdrawal 
of the credit rating of the Notes (if any). The issue of any such debt or securities may reduce the amount recoverable 
by holders upon liquidation of the Issuer. If the Issuer's financial condition were to deteriorate, the relevant 
Noteholders could suffer direct and materially adverse consequences, including suspension of interest and reduction 
of interest and principal and, if the Issuer was liquidated (whether voluntarily or involuntarily) or become subject to 
any resolution procedure, the relevant Noteholders could suffer loss of their entire investment. 
 
Absence of events of default in respect of the Notes 
 
The Notes do not contain any events of default in accordance with Condition 9 (Events of Default). In no event will 
holders of the Notes be able to accelerate the maturity of their Notes. Accordingly, if the Issuer fails to meet any 
obligations under the Notes, Noteholders will not have the right of acceleration of principal. Upon a payment default, 
the sole remedy available to holders of Notes for recovery of amounts owing in respect of any payment of principal 
or interest on the Notes will be the institution of proceedings to enforce such payment. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, the Issuer will not, by virtue of the institution of any such proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or 
sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it. See Condition 9 (Events of Default) for further 
information. 
 
Therefore, the liquidity and market value of the Notes may be adversely affected and Noteholders who sell Notes 
on the secondary market could lose all or part of their investment.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
The terms of the Notes contain very limited covenants 
 
There is no negative pledge in respect of the Notes. In addition, the Notes do not require the Issuer to comply with 
financial ratios or otherwise limit its ability or that of its subsidiaries to incur additional debt, nor do they limit the 
Issuer’s ability to use cash to make investments or acquisitions, or the ability of the Issuer or its subsidiaries to pay 
dividends, repurchase shares or otherwise distribute cash to shareholders. Such actions could potentially affect the 
Issuer’s ability to service its debt obligations, including those of the Notes. As a result, Noteholders may lose all or 
part of their investment. 
 
2.3.2 Risks related to an early redemption of the Notes 
 
Risks relating to Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
 
The Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes may provide for early redemption at the option of the Issuer upon 
the occurrence of certain events (including but not limited to (i) with respect to Subordinated Notes, a Special Event 
and (ii) with respect to Senior Notes, a Withiholding Tax Event, a Gross-up Event or a MREL Disqualification 
Event), subject (i) in the case of Senior Notes, to the provisions of Condition 6(i) (Additional conditions to 
redemption and purchase of Senior Notes prior to Maturity Date) or (ii) in the case of Subordinated Notes, to the 
provisions of Condition 6(j) (Additional conditions to redemption and purchase of Subordinated Notes prior to 
Maturity Date). Such right of termination is often provided for bonds or notes in periods of high interest rates. 
 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the Issuer may 
elect to redeem Notes, the market value of such Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which 
they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
 
If the market interest rates decrease, the risk for Noteholders that the Issuer will exercise its right of termination 
increases. As a consequence, the yields received upon redemption may be lower than expected, and the redeemed 
face amount of the Notes may be lower than the purchase price for the Notes paid by the Noteholder. As a 
consequence, part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost, so that the Noteholder in such case would 
not receive the total amount of the capital invested. In addition, Noteholders that choose to reinvest monies they 
receive through an early redemption may be able to do so only in securities with a lower yield than the redeemed 
Notes. 
In addition, the Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption provided in Condition 
6(b)(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption)  are exercisable in whole or in part. In the case 
of a partial redemption of Dematerialised Notes, such partial redemption shall be effected by reducing the nominal 
amount of all such outstanding Notes in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed. In the case of a 
partial redemption of Materialised Notes, the notice to holders of such Materialised Notes shall contain the number 
of the Definitive Materialised Notes to be redeemed which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner 
as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to 
compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange requirements. Depending on the proportion of the principal 
amount of all of the Dematerialised Notes so reduced or the number of the Definitive Materialised Notes to be 
redeemed, any trading market in respect of those Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised may become 
illiquid. 
 
The qualification of the Senior Notes as MREL Eligible Instruments is subject to uncertainty 
 
French credit institutions (such as the Issuer) have to meet, at all times, a minimum requirement for own funds and 
eligible liabilities pursuant to Article L. 613-44 of the French Code monétaire et financier. The MREL (as defined 
in the Conditions of the Notes) shall be expressed as a percentage of the total liabilities and own funds of the 
institution and aims at avoiding institutions structuring their liabilities in a manner that impedes the effectiveness of 
the Bail-in Tool. 
 
As contemplated by Condition 3 (Status), the Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes are 
intended to be MREL Eligible Instruments under the MREL Regulations (each as defined in the Conditions of the 
Notes). However, there is uncertainty regarding the evolution of the MREL Regulations, and the Senior Preferred 
Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may not be or remain MREL Eligible Instruments. 
 
The CRD V Package gives effect to the Total Loss-absorbing Capacity ("TLAC") term sheet set forth in the 
document dated 9 November 2015 published by the Financial Stability Board, entitled "Principles on Loss-absorbing 
and Recapitalisation Capacity of G-SIBs in Resolution" as amended from time to time (the "FSB TLAC Term 
Sheet") and, together with BRRD II, modify the requirements applicable to the "minimum requirement for own 
funds and eligible liabilities" ("MREL"). The CRD V Package and BRRD II were implemented under French law

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
by French Ordonnance n°2020-1636 relative au régime de résolution dans le secteur bancaire dated 21 December 
2020. Whilst there are a number of similarities between the MREL requirements and the TLAC requirements, there 
are certain differences. 
 
While the Issuer believes that the Conditions of the Notes are consistent with the CRD V Package and BRRD II as 
implemented by French law, the Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may not ultimately be 
MREL Eligible Instruments. If they are not MREL Eligible Instruments (or if they initially are MREL Eligible 
Instruments and subsequently become ineligible due to a change in MREL Regulations), then a MREL 
Disqualification Event (as defined in the Conditions of the Notes) will occur and the Notes may be subject to early 
redemption, with the consequences indicated in the risk factor entitled "Risks relating to Notes subject to optional 
redemption by the Issuer" and as a result, Noteholders may lose part of their investment in the Notes. 
 
The Issuer is not required to redeem the Notes in case of a Gross-Up Event 
 
There is uncertainty as to whether gross-up obligations in general, including those under the Conditions of the Notes, 
are legal under French law. If any payment obligation under the Notes, including any obligation to pay additional 
amounts under Condition 8 (Taxation), are held illegal under French law, the Issuer will have the right, but not the 
obligation, to redeem the Notes upon the occurrence of a Gross-Up Event as described in Condition 6(f)(ii) 
(Redemption, Purchase and Options - Redemption for taxation reasons)). Accordingly, if the Issuer does not redeem 
the Notes, Noteholders may receive less than the full amount due under the Notes, and the market value of the Notes 
will be adversely affected. 
 
Redemption of the Notes prior to the Maturity Date is subject to the prior permission of (i) with respect to 
Subordinated Notes, the Relevant Regulator and (ii) with respect to Senior Notes, the Relevant Resolution Authority 
 
Upon the occurrence of certain events described in Condition 6 (Redemption, Purchase and Options), including, but 
not limited to, a MREL Disqualification Event (only with respect to Senior Notes), a Withholding Tax Event, a 
Gross-Up Event, a Tax Deductibility Event (only with respect to Subordinated Notes), a Capital Event (only with 
respect to Subordinated Notes) or if a Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject 
to the prior permission of (i) with respect to Subordinated Notes, the Relevant Regulator and (ii) with respect to 
Senior Notes, the Relevant Resolution Authority, redeem the Subordinated Notes or the Senior Notes before their 
Maturity Date. The early redemption of the Subordinated Notes or the Senior Notes may not occur should the 
Relevant Regulator or, as the case may be, the Relevant Resolution Authority refuse to give its permission, and if 
so, market value of the Subordinated Notes or the Senior Notes may be affected negatively, and Noteholders may 
incur losses in respect of their investments in the Subordinated Notes. 
 
2.3.3 Risks related to interest rate applicable to the Notes 
 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common such features: 
 
Fixed Rate Notes 
 
Condition 5(b) (Interest and other Calculations - Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) allows for Fixed Rate Notes to be 
issued. Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
materially and adversely affect the value of the relevant Tranche of such Notes. 
 
While the nominal interest rate of a Note is determined during the term of such Note or within a given period of 
time, the market interest typically varies on a daily basis. As the market interest rate changes, the price of the Fixed 
Rate Note varies in the opposite direction. If the market interest rate increases, the price of the Fixed Rate Note 
typically decreases, until the yield of such Fixed Rate Note equals approximately the market interest rate. If the 
market interest rate decreases, the price of the Fixed Rate Note typically increases, until the yield of such Fixed Rate 
Note equals approximately the market interest rate. 
 
Holders of Notes should be aware that movements of the market interest rate can adversely affect the price of the 
Fixed Rate Note and can lead to losses if they sell Notes during the period in which the market interest rate exceeds 
the fixed rate of such Note.  
 
It is difficult to anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have a significant 
adverse effect on the price of the Notes and cause Noteholders who sell Notes on the secondary market to lose part 
of their initial investment.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
Floating Rate Notes and CMS Linked Notes 
 
Conditions 5(c) and 5(d) (Interest and other Calculations - Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Rate of Interest on 
CMS Linked Notes) allows for Floating Rate Notes and CMS Linked Notes to be issued. Investment in Notes such 
as Floating Rate Notes and/or CMS Linked Notes which bear interest at a floating rate comprises, inter alia, (i) a 
reference rate and (ii) a margin or an applicable rate to be added or subtracted, as the case may be, from such base 
rate. Typically, the relevant margin or the applicable rate, as the case maybe, will not change throughout the life of 
such Notes but there will be a periodic adjustment (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the reference rate 
(e.g., every three (3) months or six (6) months) which itself will change in accordance with general market 
conditions. Neither the current nor the historical value of the relevant interest rates should be taken as an indication 
of future performance of such interest rates during the term of any Notes. Accordingly, the market value of Floating 
Rate Notes and/or the CMS Linked Notes may be volatile if changes, particularly short term changes, to market 
interest rates evidenced by the relevant reference rate can only be reflected in the interest rate of these Notes upon 
the next periodic adjustment of the relevant reference rate.  
 
A key difference between Floating Rate Notes/CMS Linked Notes and Fixed Rate Notes is that interest income on 
Floating Rate Notes/CMS Linked Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, Noteholders are not 
able to determine a definite yield of Floating Rate Notes/CMS Linked Notes at the time they purchase them, so that 
their return on investment cannot be compared with that of investments having longer fixed interest periods. If the 
Conditions of the Notes provide for frequent interest payment dates, Noteholders  are exposed to the reinvestment 
risk if market interest rates decline. That is, Noteholders may reinvest the interest income paid to them only at the 
relevant lower interest rates then prevailing. It is difficult to anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but 
any such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the yield of Floating Rate Notes and CMS Linked Notes 
and give rise to investment risk. 
 
Risk relating to Benchmarks Regulation and other reforms and to certain benchmark rates that may be administered 
differently or discontinued in the future 
 
Where the relevant Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes or CMS Linked Notes identifies that the Rate of 
Interest on such Notes will be determined by reference to interest rates and indices which are deemed to be 
"benchmarks" (such as EURIBOR and EUR CMS), potential investors should be aware that such Benchmarks have 
been subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these 
reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks 
to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, to be subject to revised calculation methods, or have 
other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any 
Notes linked to or referencing such a "benchmark". 
 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as 
benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds, as 
may be amended from time to time (the "Benchmarks Regulation") applies to the provision of benchmarks, the 
contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the European Union. It, among other 
things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an 
equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of 
"benchmarks" of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or 
recognised or endorsed). In the United Kingdom, the Benchmark Regulations as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") provides for equivalent sets of rules. 
 
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing a 
"benchmark", including in any of the following circumstances:  
- 
an index which is a "benchmark" could not be used by a supervised entity in certain ways if its administrator 
does not obtain authorisation or registration or, if based in a non-EU jurisdiction, the administrator is not 
recognised as equivalent or recognised or endorsed and the transitional provisions do not apply; and  
- 
the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" could be changed in order to comply with the 
requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of 
reducing or increasing the rate or level or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of 
the "benchmark". 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
"benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
"benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the following effects

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
on certain "benchmarks" (including EURIBOR and EUR CMS): (i) discourage market participants from continuing 
to administer or contribute to the "benchmark"; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the 
"benchmark" or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the "benchmark". Any of the above changes or any other 
consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could 
have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing a 
"benchmark". 
 
The Benchmark Regulation was further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 10 February 2021 which introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-down 
of certain benchmarks by conferring the power to designate a statutory replacement for certain benchmarks on the 
Commission or the relevant national authority, such replacement being limited to contracts and financial instruments. 
In addition, the transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks are extended until the end of 2023. 
The Commission is empowered to further extend this period until the end of 2025, if necessary. 
 
If a benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on Notes which are linked to such 
benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions applicable to such Notes (please 
refer to the risk factor entitled "Occurrence of a Benchmark Event" below). However, such fallback provisions may 
be deviated from if deemed unsuitable by the Commission or the relevant national authority, as further explained 
above. Depending on the manner in which a benchmark is to be determined under the Conditions, this may (i) if 
ISDA Determination or FBF Determination applies, be relying upon the provision by reference banks of offered 
quotations for the relevant benchmark which, depending on market circumstances, may not be available at the 
relevant time or (ii) if Screen Rate Determination applies, result in the effective application of a fixed rate based on 
the rate which applied for the immediately preceding Interest Period for which the benchmark was available. Any 
of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Notes linked to a 
"benchmark". 
 
Where a screen rate determination is specified as the manner of which the Rate of Interest in respect of Floating 
Rate Notes or CMS Linked Notes or Resettable Notes (as applicable) to be determined, Condition 5(e) (Interest and 
other Calculations - Benchmark Event) provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a Benchmark 
Event occurs, including if an inter-bank offered rate (such as EURIBOR) or other relevant reference rate (such as 
EUR CMS), and/or any page on which such benchmark may be published, becomes unavailable, or if the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent, any Paying Agent or any other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) are no longer permitted lawfully to calculate interest on any Floating Rate 
Notes or CMS Linked Notes or Resettable Notes (as applicable) by reference to such benchmark under the 
Benchmarks Regulation or otherwise.  
 
Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a Successor 
Rate or an Alternative Rate (both as defined in the Conditions of the Notes), with or without the application of an 
adjustment spread and may include amendments to the Conditions of the Notes to ensure the proper operation of the 
successor or replacement benchmark, all as determined by the Independent Adviser and without the consent of the 
Noteholders. An Adjustment Spread, if applied, could be positive or negative, and would be applied with a view to 
reducing or eliminating, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or 
benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark). 
 
The Successor Rates or Alternative Rates may have no or very limited trading history and accordingly their general 
evolution and/or interaction with other relevant market forces or elements may be difficult to determine or measure. 
This could significantly affect the performance of an alternative rate compared to the historical and expected 
performance of the relevant benchmark.  
 
In certain circumstances, including where (a) no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined or 
(b) even if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined by the Independent Adviser, no 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is adopted if and to the extent that, in the sole determination of 
the Issuer, the same would result in (x) (in the case of Senior Notes) a MREL Disqualification Event or (y) the 
Relevant Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority treating the next Interest Payment Date as the effective 
maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date (if, for example, the switch to the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable) would create an incentive to redeem the relevant Notes that would be inconsistent 
with the relevant requirements necessary to maintain the regulatory status of the Notes) or (z) (in the case of 
Subordinated Notes only) a Capital Event or (c) due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates 
and Alternative Rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not 
operate as intended at the relevant time, in all these circumstances set out in (a) to (c) above, other fallback rules 
might apply if the benchmark is discontinued or otherwise unavailable, which consist in the rate of interest for the 
last preceding Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) to be used for the following Interest Period(s) or Reset

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
Period(s) (as applicable). This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes, CMS 
Linked Notes or Resettable Notes (as applicable). Noteholders might incur costs from unwinding hedges. Moreover, 
in a rising interest rate environment, Noteholders will not benefit from any increase in rates. Any such consequences 
could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes and as a consequence, Noteholders may 
lose part of their investment. 
 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant rate 
could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or CMS Linked Notes or 
Resettable Notes (as applicable) referencing a "benchmark" or could have a material adverse effect on the value or 
liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes or CMS Linked Notes or Resettable Notes (as 
applicable). Investors should note that, the Independent Adviser will have discretion to adjust the relevant Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) in the circumstances described above. Any such adjustment could have 
unexpected consequences and, due to the particular circumstances of each Noteholder, any such adjustment may not 
be favourable to each Noteholder.  
 
Investors should consider all of these matters when making their investment decision with respect to the relevant 
Floating Rate Notes or CMS Linked Notes or Resettable Notes (as applicable) linked to or referencing such 
"benchmarks".  
 
Noteholders will not be able to calculate in advance their rate of return on the Fixed Rate Resettable Notes, the 
Floating Rate Notes and CMS Linked Notes 
 
Interest income on the Fixed Rate Resettable Notes, the Floating Rate Notes and CMS Linked Notes cannot be 
anticipated. Due to varying interest income, Noteholders are not able to determine a definite yield of Fixed Rate 
Resettable Notes, Floating Rate Notes or CMS Linked Notes at the time they purchase them, so that their return on 
investment cannot be compared with that of investments having fixed interest periods. Noteholders are exposed to 
reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. That is, Noteholders may reinvest the interest income paid to them 
only at the relevant lower interest rates then prevailing. In addition, the Issuer’s ability to also issue fixed rate notes 
may negatively affect the market value and the secondary market (if any) of the Fixed Rate Resettable Notes, the 
Floating Rate Notes or CMS Linked Notes (and vice versa).  
 
Notes with a multiplier or other leverage factors caps, floors or a combination of those features 
 
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include multipliers or other 
leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other similar related features, their market 
values may be even more volatile than those of securities that do not include those features. A leverage factor may 
be applied to certain Notes in order to determine the interest amount payable on such Notes. Such leverage factor 
will magnify any negative performance of any applicable underlying reference rate. Any such volatility may 
negatively impact the price of the Notes and cause Noteholders who sell Notes on the secondary market to lose part 
of their initial investment. 
 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, Fixed/CMS Linked Notes, Floating/Fixed Rate Notes, CMS Linked/Fixed Rate Notes, 
Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes, Floating/Floating Rate Notes and CMS/CMS Linked Notes 
 
Condition 5(g) (Interest and other Calculations - Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, Fixed/CMS Linked Notes, 
Floating/Fixed Rate Notes, CMS Linked Notes/Fixed Rate Notes, Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes, Floating/Floating Rate 
Notes, CMS/CMS Linked Notes) allows for Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, Fixed/CMS Linked Notes, Floating/Fixed 
Rate Notes and CMS Linked/Fixed Rate Notes to be issued. Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, Fixed/CMS Linked Notes, 
Floating/Fixed Rate Notes, CMS Linked/Fixed Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to, or 
which automatically, convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate or other rate, or from a floating rate or other rate to 
a fixed rate. Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes, Floating/Floating Rate Notes and CMS/CMS Linked Notes may bear interest 
at a rate that the Issuer may elect to, or which automatically, convert from a fixed rate to a different fixed rate or 
from a floating rate to a different floating rate or from a fixed or floating rate to another interest rate determined by 
applying one of the formulae as described in Condition 5(d). The conversion (wether automatic or optional) will 
affect the secondary market and the market value of such Notes since it may lead to a lower overall cost of borrowing. 
If a fixed rate is converted to a floating rate or other rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes or Fixed/CMS 
Linked Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes or CMS 
Linked Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate or other rate at any time may be lower 
than the rates on other Notes. If a floating rate or other rate is converted to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower 
than then prevailing rates on its Notes. It is difficult to anticipate market volatility in interest rates, but any such 
volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the value of the Notes. Noteholders should also refer to the risk 
factors relating to Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes/Inverse CMS Linked Notes 
 
Condition 5(f) (Interest and other Calculations - Inverse Floating Rate Notes/Inverse CMS Linked Notes) allows for 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes and Inverse CMS Linked Notes to be issued. Inverse Floating Rate Notes and Inverse 
CMS Linked Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a reference rate (EURIBOR, 
EUR CMS or any other reference rate that might replace them). The market values of such Notes typically are more 
volatile than market values of other conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and 
with otherwise comparable terms). Inverse Floating Rate Notes and Inverse CMS Linked Notes are more volatile 
because an increase in the reference rate not only decreases the interest rate of such Notes, but may also reflect an 
increase in prevailing interest rates, which further adversely affects the market value of these Notes and as a 
consequence Noteholders could lose part of their investment in such Notes. 
 
Fixed Rate Resettable Notes 
 
Condition 5(b) (Interest and other Calculations - Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) allows for Fixed Rate Resettable 
Notes to be issued. A holder of Fixed Rate Resettable Notes with a fixed interest rate that will be periodically reset 
during the term of the relevant securities is exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain interest 
income. Such Notes have reset provisions pursuant to which the Notes will, in respect of an initial period, bear 
interest at an initial fixed rate of interest specified in the applicable Final Terms. Thereafter, the fixed rate of interest 
will be reset on one or more date(s) as specified in the relevant Final Terms by reference to a mid-market swap rate 
for the relevant Specified Currency, and for a period equal to the Reset Period, as adjusted for any applicable margin, 
in each case as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Such rate of interest may be less than the initial rate of 
interest and/or less than the rate of interest that applies immediately prior to such reset date and may adversely affect 
the yield of the Notes and therefore the market value of the Notes. A holder of Fixed Rate Resettable Notes is 
exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain interest income. 
 
Structured Notes  
 
An investment in Notes, such as certain CMS Linked Notes, Inverse Floating Rate Notes or Inverse CMS Linked 
Notes, the interest on which is determined by reference to one or more values of interest rates or formulae, either 
directly or inversely, may entail significant risks not associated with similar investments in a conventional debt 
security, including the risks that the resulting interest rate will be less than that payable on a conventional debt 
security at the same time. This may adversely affect the yield of the Notes and therefore the market value of the 
Notes. Neither the current nor the historical value of the relevant interest rates or formulae should be taken as an 
indication of future performance interest rates or other indices or formulae during the term of any Notes. 
 
Zero Coupon Notes 
 
Condition 5(h) (Interest and other Calculations - Zero Coupon Notes) allows for Zero Coupon Notes to be issued. 
Changes in market interest rates generally have a much greater impact on the price of Zero Coupon Notes than on 
the price of ordinary securities because the issue price of securities issued below par are well below par. If interest 
rates rise, Zero Coupon Notes may suffer greater losses than other securities with the same maturity or credit rating 
that are not issued below par. Any such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the market value of the 
Zero Coupon Notes. 
 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
 
The Notes may be issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount 
tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to 
conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities.  
 
It is difficult to anticipate future price volatility, but any such volatility may have an adverse effect on the market 
value of the Notes. Therefore, holders of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium could be exposed to 
greater losses on their investment than holders of conventional interest-bearing securities. 
 
2.3.4. 
Risks related to Green Bonds, Social Bonds and/or Sustainability Bonds 
 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer's intention to issue 
"green bonds", "social bonds" or "sustainability bonds" and apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue 
to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, new or existing projects from any of the eligible green loan categories

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
(the "Eligible Green Loan Categories" and such Notes being "Green Bonds"), the eligible social loan categories 
(the "Eligible Social Loan Categories" and such Notes being "Social Bonds") or from both the Eligible Green 
Loan Categories and the Eligible Social Loan Categories (such Notes being "Sustainability Bonds"), as defined in 
the "Use of Proceeds" section of the relevant Final Terms and as further described in the Issuer's green, social and 
sustainability bond framework (as amended and supplemented from time to time, the "Framework") which is 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.cm-
arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/mutuel/c_37851/fr/green-social-bonds). 
 
Noteholders should have regard to the information set out in the "Use of Proceeds" section of this Base Prospectus 
as completed or specified in the relevant Final Terms and must determine for themselves the relevance of such 
information for the purpose of any investment in such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds together 
with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. In particular, the use of such proceeds for any projects 
included in the Eligible Green Loan Categories and/or the Eligible Social Loan Categories may not satisfy, whether 
in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or 
guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future 
applicable laws or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in 
particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, social or sustainability impact of any projects or uses, 
the subject of or related to, any Eligible Green Loan Categories and/or any Eligible Social Loan Categories.  
 
The definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, and market consensus for a particular project to be defined as, a 
"green", "social" or "sustainable" or equivalently labelled project is still under development. On 18 June 2020, 
Regulation (EU) No. 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment was adopted 
by the Council and the European Parliament (the "Taxonomy Regulation"). The Taxonomy Regulation establishes 
a single EU-wide classification system, or "taxonomy", which provides companies and investors with a common 
language for determining which economic activities can be considered environmentally sustainable. Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2139 of 4 June 2021 establishing the technical screening criteria for determining 
which economic ctivities can be considered as contributing substantially to climate change mitigation or climate 
change adaptation and for determining whether that economic activity causes no significant harm to any other 
environmental objectives entered into force on 1 January 2022. The technical criteria refer to environmental 
regulations or standards of which a good knowledge will be essential to evaluate the "alignment" (or conformity) of 
an activity. In some cases, the verification of the alignment of an activity can be done by the competent national 
authorities or independent authorities or independent certifiers. However, the Taxonomy Regulation or the 
Commission Delegated Regulation mentioned above remain subject to further developments with regard to other 
specific economic activities. 
 
On 2 February 2022, the European Commission approved in principle a Complementary Climate Delegated Act 
aiming to supplement the Delegated Regulation of 4 June 2021 and includes, under strict conditions, specific nuclear 
and gas energy activities in the list of economic activities covered by the EU taxonomy. This Act will be submitted 
to the European Parliament and Council for a period of six (6) months before being published. 
 
As a result, the definition of a “green” project or equivalently labelled project is now set for objectives related to 
climate change mitigation or adaptation, specifying the criteria required by a particular project to qualify as a “green” 
project, unless it is related to an economic activity identified in the course of finalisation. However, there is currently 
no established definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) or market consensus as to what attributes are required for 
a particular asset or project to be classified as “social” or “sustainable” project or a project labelled as equivalent, 
and as such may not meet the criteria set by the EU taxonomy, or meet any or all investor expectations regarding 
such “green”, “social”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives. 
 
The second party opinion provided by Vigeo Eiris or any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not 
solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available in connection with the issue of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds 
or Sustainability Bonds and in particular with any projects included in the Eligible Green Loan Categories and/or 
the Eligible Social Loan Categories to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria may not 
be suitable for investors. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to 
be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification is only current as of 
the date that opinion was initially issued. Noteholders must determine for themselves the relevance of any such 
opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification 
for the purpose of any investment in such Notes. It is also specified that the providers of such opinions and 
certifications are and will be independent experts. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to 
be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. As a result, 
neither the Issuer nor the Dealers will be, or shall be deemed, liable for any issue in connection with its content. 
Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime 
or oversight.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", "environmental", "social", 
"sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not 
regulated), such listing or admission may not satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its 
investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable laws or regulations or by its own 
by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental, social or sustainability impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible Green 
Loan Categories and/or any Eligible Social Loan Categories. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any 
such listing or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Any such 
listing or admission to trading may not be obtained in respect of any such Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing 
or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes. 
 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of the Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds 
in, or substantially in, the manner described in the Framework as completed by the relevant Final Terms: (i) the 
relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Loan Categories and/or the Eligible 
Social Loan Categories may not be capable of being implemented in, or substantially in, such manner and/or 
accordance with any timing schedule and accordingly such proceeds may not be totally or partially disbursed for 
such projects and such green and/or social projects may not be completed (totally or partially) within any specified 
period or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated 
by the Issuer and (ii) the proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds may cover all 
losses in the balance sheet of the Issuer (and not only losses stemming from Eligible Green Loan Categories and/or 
Eligible Social Loan Categories) pursuant to BRRD II. In addition, Noteholders should note that the Issuer may 
change its Framework and/or the selection criteria it uses to select Eligible Green Loan Categories and/or Eligible 
Social Loan Categories at any time.  
 
Any (i) failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds in, or 
substantially in, the manner described in the Framework as completed by the relevant Final Terms, (ii) withdrawal 
of any opinion or certification or any opinion or certification being superseded by an opinion or certification stating 
that the Issuer has not complied, in whole or in part, with any matters on which the original opinion or certification 
had opined or certified, (iii) lack of Eligible Green Loan Categories and/or Eligible Social Loan Categories that the 
Issuer may finance or refinance, (iv) event or circumstances resulting in the Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market and/or 
(v) failure to provide or publish any reporting, will not constitute an Event of Default under the Notes, create an 
obligation for the Issuer to redeem the Notes, give a right to the Noteholders to request the early redemption or the 
acceleration of the Notes and/or give any claim to the Noteholders against the Issuer. 
 
Any such events as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and also potentially the 
value of any other Notes which are intended to finance such projects and/or result in adverse consequences for 
certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
 
The classification of Notes as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds will not affect their status in terms 
of subordination or regulatory treatment. As to such status, please refer to the risk factors entitled "The Senior Non-
Preferred Notes are senior non-preferred obligations and are junior to Senior Preferred Notes and certain 
obligations" and "Subordinated Notes are subordinated obligations and are junior to Senior Notes". Notes issued 
as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds will be subject to the loss absorption mechanism and/or, as 
the case may be, bail-in and resolution measures provided by BRRD II in the same way as any other Notes issued 
under the Programme. As to such measures, please refer to the risk factor entitled "The Notes may be subject to 
mandatory write-down or conversion to equity if the Issuer becomes subject to a resolution procedure".

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
IMPORTANT CONSIDERATIONS 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
 
Each prospective investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
 
(i) 
be (or be advised by) financial institutions or other professional investors who have sufficient knowledge 
and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the 
relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any 
applicable supplement to this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms; 
 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact the relevant Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
 
(iii) 
(have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for 
principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
 
(iv) 
(understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; 
 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks; 
 
(vi) 
consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (i) Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) 
Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its 
purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate 
regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar 
rules. Neither the Issuer, the Permanent Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates has or assumes 
responsibility for (i) the lawfulness of the acquisition of the Notes by a prospective investor of the Notes, 
whether under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if 
different), or (ii) compliance by that prospective investor with any law, regulation or regulatory policy 
applicable to it; and 
 
(vii) 
ensure that, in terms of any legislation or regulatory regime applicable to such investor, it complies with 
existing restrictions (if any) on its ability to invest in Notes generally and in any particular type of Notes. 
 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased as a way to reduce risk or 
enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential 
investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone 
or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects 
on the value of such Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment 
portfolio. 
 
Interests of the Dealers 
 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and their affiliates in the ordinary 
course of business.  
 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a 
broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial 
instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments 
and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the 
Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the 
Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies.  
 
Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist 
of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the 
Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
issued under the Programme.  
 
The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent 
research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they 
acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
 
Potential conflicts of interest 
 
Where the Issuer acts as Calculation Agent or the Calculation Agent is an affiliate of the Issuer, conflicts of interest 
may exist between the Calculation Agent and Noteholders, including with respect to certain determinations and 
judgments that the Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Conditions that may influence any amount payable 
under the Notes. 
 
The Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of Notes under the Programme. In 
such a case the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member of an international financial group that is involved, in the 
ordinary course of its business, in a wide range of banking activities out of which conflicting interests may arise. 
Whilst such a Calculation Agent will, where relevant, have information barriers and procedures in place to manage 
conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking activities from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an 
index or related derivatives which may affect amounts receivable by Noteholders during the term and on the maturity 
of the Notes or the market price, liquidity or value of the Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the 
interests of the Noteholders. 
 
Taxation 
 
Prospective investors and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or other 
documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where the Notes are 
transferred or other jurisdictions, including the Issuer’s country of incorporation and the jurisdiction of the investor, 
which may have an impact on the income received from the securities. In some jurisdictions, no official statements 
of the tax authorities or court decisions may be available for financial instruments such as the Notes. Potential 
investors are advised to ask for their own tax adviser's advice on their individual taxation with respect to the 
acquisition, sale and redemption of the Notes. Only these advisors are in a position to duly consider the specific 
situation of the potential investor.  
 
The Notes are complex instruments that may not be suitable for certain investors. 
 
The Notes are complex financial instruments and may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential 
investor in such Notes should determine the suitability of such investment in light of its own circumstances and have 
sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear the risks of an investment in the Notes, including the possibility 
that the entire principal amount of the Notes could be lost. A potential investor should not invest in the Notes unless 
it has the knowledge and expertise (either alone or with a financial advisor) to evaluate how the Notes will perform 
under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the market value of the Notes, and the impact of this investment 
on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may not reflect 
the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors that 
may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the "EU 
CRA Regulation") from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the EU and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been 
withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration 
application is pending. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU credit 
rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating agency or the 
relevant non-EU rating agency is certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action 
or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). Certain information with respect to the 
credit rating agencies and ratings will be disclosed in the Final Terms.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
RETAIL CASCADES 
Certain tranches of Notes with a specified denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency 
at the time of issue) may be offered in France (where the Base Prospectus has been passported) and/or Grand Duchy 
of Luxembourg, as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions") in circumstances 
where there is no exemption from the requirement to publish a prospectus (a "Non-exempt Offer") under the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
 
In the context of a Non-exempt Offer, the Issuer accepts responsibility, in each Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction for 
which it has given its consent referred to herein, for the content of the Base Prospectus in relation to any person (an 
"Investor") to whom an offer of any Notes is made during the Offer Period (as defined below) and in the Non-
exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms by: 
 
- 
any financial intermediary authorised to make such offers pursuant to Directive 2014/65/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council dated 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as 
amended, as specified and subject to conditions set out in the relevant Final Terms; or  
- 
if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, any financial intermediary which satisfies the following 
conditions: (a) acts in accordance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidance of any applicable 
regulatory bodies (the "Rules") from time to time including, without limitation and in each case, Rules 
relating to both the appropriateness or suitability of any investment in the Notes by any person and 
disclosure to any potential investor, (b) complies with the restrictions set out under “Subscription and Sale” 
in this Base Prospectus which would apply as if it were a Dealer; (c) complies with the relevant 
manufacturer's target market assessment and distribution channels identified under the "MiFID II product 
governance" legend set out in the applicable Final Terms; (d) ensures that any fee (and any commissions 
or benefits of any kind) received or paid by that financial intermediary in relation to the offer or sale of the 
Notes is fully and clearly disclosed to investors or potential investors; (e) holds all licenses, consents, 
approvals and permissions required in connection with solicitation of interests in, or offers or sales of, the 
Notes under the Rules; (f) retains investor identification records for at least the minimum period required 
under applicable Rules, and shall, if so requested, make such records available to the relevant Dealer(s) and 
the Issuer or directly to the appropriate authorities with jurisdiction over the Issuer and/or the relevant 
Dealer(s) in order to enable the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer(s) to comply with the Rules relating to 
anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and "know your client" rules applying to the Issuer and/or the relevant 
Dealer(s); (g) does not, directly or indirectly, cause the Issuer or the relevant Dealer(s) to breach any Rule 
or any requirement to obtain or make any filing, authorisation or consent in any jurisdiction; and (h) satisfies 
any further conditions specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
 
(in each case an "Authorised Offeror"). 
 
However, neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has any responsibility for any of the actions of any Authorised Offeror, 
including compliance by an Authorised Offeror with applicable conduct of business rules or other local regulatory 
requirements or other securities law requirements in relation to such offer. 
 
If so specified in the Final Terms of any Tranche of Notes, the Issuer consents to the use of this Base Prospectus in 
connection with a Non-exempt Offer of the relevant Notes during the offer period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (the "Offer Period") either (1) in Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms, by 
any financial intermediary which is authorised to make such offer under the Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments (as amended, "MiFID II"), and 
which satisfies any conditions specified in the relevant Final Terms or (2) by the financial intermediaries, in the 
relevant Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s) and subject to the relevant conditions, in each case specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, for so long as they are authorised to make such offer under MiFID II.  
 
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods (if any) beginning within twelve (12) months from the date 
of the approval of the Base Prospectus by the CSSF.  
 
The Issuer may give consent to additional financial intermediaries after the date of the relevant Final Terms and, if 
it 
does 
so, 
the 
Issuer 
will 
publish 
the 
above 
information 
in 
relation 
to 
them 
on 
http://www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/mutuel/ecb_5008/fr/analyste-ou-investisseur. Such consent shall 
not extend beyond twelve months from the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Any Authorised Offeror who wishes to use the Base Prospectus in connection with a Non-exempt Offer is 
required, for the duration of the relevant Offer Period, to publish on its website that it is using the Base

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
Prospectus for such Non-exempt Offer in accordance with the consent of the Issuer and the conditions 
attached thereto. 
 
To the extent specified in the relevant Final Terms, a Non-exempt Offer may be made during the relevant Offer 
Period by any of the Issuer, the Dealers or any relevant Authorised Offeror in any relevant Non-exempt Offer 
Jurisdiction and subject to any relevant conditions, in each case all as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Other than as set out above, neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers has authorised the making of any Non-exempt 
Offer by any person in any circumstances and such person is not permitted to use the Base Prospectus in connection 
with its offer of any Notes. No such offers are made on behalf of the Issuer or by any of the Dealers or Authorised 
Offerors and none of the Issuer or any of the Dealers or Authorised Offerors has, or takes, any responsibility or 
liability for the actions of any person making such Non-exempt Offers. 
 
An Investor intending to acquire or acquiring any Notes from an Authorised Offeror will do so, and offers 
and sales of the Notes to an Investor by an Authorised Offeror will be made, in accordance with any terms 
and other arrangements in place between such Authorised Offeror and such Investor including as to price, 
allocation and settlement arrangements (the "Terms and Conditions of the Non-exempt Offer"). The Issuer will 
not be a party to any such arrangements with Investors (other than Dealers) in connection with the offer or 
sale of the Notes and, accordingly, the Base Prospectus and any Final Terms will not contain such information. 
The Conditions of the Non-exempt Offer shall be published by that Authorised Offeror on its website at the 
relevant time of such Non-exempt Offer. None of the Issuer, any of the Dealers or other Authorised Offerors 
has, or takes any responsibility or liability for such information.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed in conjunction with the following documents which have been 
previously published and filed with the CSSF and which are incorporated by reference in, and shall be deemed to 
form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
 
(a) the sections referred to in the table below, included in the French language version of the 2021 universal 
registration document of the Issuer - filed with the French Autorité des marchés financiers under reference 
D.22-0296 on 14 April 2022 (the "2021 Universal Registration Document" - Hyperlink : 
https://www.cm-arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/upload/docs/application/pdf/2022-
04/aka2021_arkea_urd_fr_mel.pdf) containing the audited consolidated annual financial statements of 
the Issuer and audit report for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 (the "2021 Consolidated 
Financial Statements"); 
 
(b) the sections referred to in the table below, included in the French language version of the 2020 universal 
registration document of the Issuer - filed with the French Autorité des marchés financiers under reference 
D.21-0324 on 19 April 2021 (the "2020 Universal Registration Document" - Hyperlink : 
https://www.cm-arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/upload/docs/application/pdf/2021-04/cmarkea-
urd2020-fr.pdf) containing the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer and audit 
report for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 (the "2020 Consolidated Financial Statements"); 
 
(c) the sections "Terms and Condition of the Notes" of the following bases prospectuses and supplements 
relating thereto: 
 
(i) 
base prospectus dated 15 July 2021 (pages 42 to 80) (the "2021 EMTN Conditions" - Hyperlink : 
https://www.cm-arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/upload/docs/application/pdf/2021-07/cma_-
_emtn_2021_-_base_prospectus_-_v._finale_1.pdf 
 
(ii) 
base prospectus dated 30 June 2020 (pages 89 to 129) and the third supplement dated 3rd March 
2021 to the base prospectus dated 30 June 2020 (pages 22 and 23) (the "2020 EMTN Conditions" 
- 
Hyperlink 
: 
https://www.cm-
arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/upload/docs/application/pdf/2020-07/cma_-_emtn_2020_-
_base_prospectus_-_v_finale1.pdf 
https://www.cm-arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/upload/docs/application/pdf/2021-
03/emtn_cma_-_supplement_n3_final.pdf), 
 
(iii) 
base prospectus dated 25 June 2019 (pages 89 to 129), the third supplement dated 10 January 2020 
to the base prospectus dated 25 June 2019 (page 15) and the fourth supplement dated 6 March 
2020 to the base prospectus dated 25 June 2019 (page 14) (the "2019 EMTN Conditions" - 
Hyperlink : https://www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/upload/docs/application/pdf/2019-
06/cma_emtn_2019_-_base_prospectus_v._finale.pdf, 
https://www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/upload/docs/application/pdf/2020-
01/supplement_to_prospectus_-_base_final_200110_c-024599.pdf 
and 
https://www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/upload/docs/application/pdf/2020-
03/supplement_cma_programme_emtn_final.pdf), 
 
(iv) 
base prospectus dated 5 September 2018 (pages 95 to 132) and the second supplement dated 
28 February 2019 to the base prospectus dated 5 September 2018 (page 11) (the "2018 EMTN 
Conditions" 
- 
Hyperlink 
: 
https://www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/upload/docs/application/pdf/2018-
09/base_prospectus_cma.2018.pdf 
and 
https://www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/upload/docs/application/pdf/2019-
02/supplement_cma_programme_emtn_final.pdf),  
 
(v) 
base prospectus dated 31 August 2017 (pages 77 to 111) (the "2017 EMTN Conditions" - 
Hyperlink : https://www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/upload/docs/application/pdf/2017-
09/emtn-base-prospectus-credit-mutuel-arkea-31082017.pdf),

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
(vi) 
base prospectus dated 21 July 2015 (pages 56 to 87) (the "2015 EMTN Conditions" - Hyperlink 
: 
https://www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/upload/docs/application/pdf/2015-07/emtn-
base-prospectus-credit-mutuel-arkea-21072015.pdf), 
 
(vii) 
base prospectus dated 13 June 2014 (pages 48 to 73) (the "2014 EMTN Conditions" - Hyperlink: 
https://www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/upload/docs/application/pdf/2014-06/base-
prospectus-credit-mutuel-arkea-13062014.pdf), 
 
(viii) base prospectus dated 27 May 2011 (pages 37 to 61) (the "2011 EMTN Conditions" - Hyperlink 
: 
https://www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/upload/docs/application/pdf/2014-06/base-
prospectus-credit-mutuel-arkea-27052011.pdf),  
 
(ix) 
base prospectus dated 27 May 2010 (pages 39 to 63) (the "2010 EMTN Conditions" - Hyperlink 
: 
https://www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/upload/docs/application/pdf/2014-06/base-
prospectus-credit-mutuel-arkea-27052010.pdf), 
 
(x) 
base prospectus dated 13 July 2007 (pages 30 to 54) (the "2007 EMTN Conditions" - Hyperlink 
: 
https://www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/upload/docs/application/pdf/2014-06/base-
prospectus-credit-mutuel-arkea-13072007.pdf) and, together with the 2021 EMTN Conditions, 
the 2020 EMTN Conditions, the 2019 EMTN Conditions, 2018 EMTN Conditions, 2017 EMTN 
Conditions, the 2015 EMTN Conditions, the 2014 EMTN Conditions, the 2011 EMTN Conditions 
and the 2010 EMTN Conditions, the "EMTN Previous Conditions") for the purpose only of 
further issue of Notes to be assimilated (assimilables) and form a single series with Notes already 
issued under the relevant EMTN Previous Conditions. 
 
All documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus will be published on the websites of the Issuer 
(https://www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/mutuel/ecb_5038/fr/programme-emtn) and/or the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) so long as any of the Notes are outstanding (and, with respect to the publication 
on the website of the Issuer, for at least ten (10) years from the date of their publication). Free English translations 
of the 2021 Universal Registration Document and the 2020 Universal Registration Document are also available for 
viewing 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.cm-
arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/mutuel/ecb_5033/fr/documents-d-enregistrement-universels) for information 
purposes only. 
 
Unless otherwise explicitly incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus in accordance with the list above, 
the information contained in the website of the Issuer shall not be deemed incorporated by reference herein is for 
information purposes only and has not been scrutinized or approved by the competent authority. 
The information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall be read in connection with the cross 
reference list below. The non-incorporated parts of the documents incorporated by reference, i.e. the pages not listed 
in the cross-reference list below, do not form part of the Base Prospectus. 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
(Annex 6 of the Commission Delegated Regulation No 2019/980/EU) 
REFERENCE  
2. STATUTORY AUDITORS. 
 
2.1. Names and addresses of the Issuer's auditors for the period 
covered by the historical financial information (together with their 
membership in a professional body). 
Page 339 of the 2021 Universal Registration 
Document 
3. RISK FACTORS  
 
3.1. A description of the material risks that are specific to the issuer 
and that may affect the issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under 
the securities, in a limited number of categories, in a section headed 
‘Risk Factors’.  
In each category the most material risks, in the assessment of the 
issuer, offeror or person asking for admission to trading on a 
regulated market, taking into account the negative impact on the 
issuer and the probability of their occurrence, shall be set out first. 
The risk factors shall be corroborated by the content of the 
registration document.  
Pages 218 to 233 of the 2021 Universal 
Registration Document

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
4. INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
 
4.1. History and development of the Issuer 
Pages 14 and 15 of the 2021 Universal 
Registration Document 
4.1.1. the legal and commercial name of the issuer  
 
Page 336 of the 2021 Universal Registration 
Document 
4.1.2. the place of registration of the issuer, its registration number 
and legal entity identifier (‘LEI’); 
 
Page 336 and 337 of the 2021 Universal 
Registration Document 
4.1.3. the date of incorporation and the length of life of the issuer, 
except where the period is indefinite; 
 
Page 336 of the 2021 Universal Registration 
Document 
4.1.4. the domicile and legal form of the issuer, the legislation under 
which the issuer operates, its country of incorporation, the address, 
telephone number of its registered office (or principal place of 
business if different from its registered office) and website of the 
issuer, if any; 
 
Page 336 of the 2021 Universal Registration 
Document 
4.1.8. Description of the expected financing of the issuer's activities. 
 
Page 254 of the 2021 Universal Registration 
Document 
5. BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
 
5.1. Principal activities: 
 
Pages 18 to 25, and 83 of the 2021 Universal 
Registration Document 
5.1.1. A brief description of the issuer's principal activities stating  
 
 
(a) the main categories of products sold and/or services 
performed; 
 
Pages 18 to 25 of the 2021 Universal 
Registration Document 
(b) an indication of any significant new products and/or activities; Pages 28 to 32 of the 2021 Universal 
Registration Document 
(c) the principal markets in which the issuer competes. 
Page 336 of the 2021 Universal Registration 
Document 
5.2. The basis for any statements made by the issuer regarding its 
competitive position. 
Page 18 of the 2021 Universal Registration 
Document 
6. ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
 
6.1 If the issuer is part of a group, a brief description of the group 
and of the issuer's position within it. This may be in the form of, 
or accompanied by, a diagram of the organisational structure if 
this helps to clarify the structure. 
Pages 6 and 33 and 34 of the 2021 Universal 
Registration Document 
7. TREND INFORMATION  
 
7.2 Information on any known trend, uncertainties, demands, 
commitments or events that are reasonably likely to have a 
material effect on the issuer’s prospects for at least the current 
financial year. 
Pages 89 to 91 and 218 of the 2021 
Universal Registration Document 
9. ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT, AND SUPERVISORY 
BODIES 
 
9.1. Names, business addresses and functions in the issuer and an 
indication of the principal activities performed outside the issuer of 
where these are significant with respect to that issuer: 
 
(a) members of the administrative, management or supervisory 
bodies; 
 
 
 
 
 
Pages 39 to 59 of the 2021 Universal 
Registration Document 
 
10. MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
 
10.1 To the extent known to the issuer, state whether the issuer is 
directly or indirectly owned or controlled and by whom, and 
describe the nature of such control, and describe the measures in 
place to ensure that such control is not abused. 
Pages 6, 281 and 336 of the 2021 Universal 
Registration Document

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
11. 
FINANCIAL 
INFORMATION 
CONCERNING 
THE 
ISSUER'S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL POSITION 
AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
 
11.1 Historical financial information 
 
2021 Universal Registration Document 
 
- Balance sheet 
Pages 92 and 93 of the 2021 Universal 
Registration Document 
- Income Statement 
Page 94 of the 2021 Universal Registration 
Document 
- Change in shareholders' equity 
Pages 96 and 97 of the 2021 Universal 
Registration Document 
- Statement of cash flows  
Page 98 of the 2021 Universal Registration 
Document 
- Notes 
Pages 122 to 186 of the 2021 Universal 
Registration Document 
- Auditors' report on the 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements Pages 342 to 346 of the 2021 Universal 
Registration Document 
2020 Universal Registration Document 
 
- Balance sheet 
Page 73 of the 2020 Universal Registration 
Document 
- Income Statement 
Page 74 of the 2020 Universal Registration 
Document 
- Change in shareholders' equity 
Pages 76 and 77 of the 2020 Universal 
Registration Document 
- Statement of cash flows  
Page 78 of the 2020 Universal Registration 
Document 
- Notes 
Pages 100 to 163 of the 2020 Universal 
Registration Document 
- Auditors' report on the 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements Pages 294 to 298 of the 2020 Universal 
Registration Document 
12. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
 
12.2. Memorandum and Articles of Association - The register and 
the entry number therein, if applicable, and a description of the 
issuer’s objects and purposes and where they can be found in the 
memorandum and articles of association. 
 
Pages 336 and 337 of the 2021 Universal 
Registration Document  
 
The EMTN Previous Conditions are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus for the purpose only of further 
issues of Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with Notes already issued under the relevant 
EMTN Previous Conditions. 
Non-incorporated parts of the offering circular of the Issuer dated 23 June 2004, the base prospectus of the Issuer 
dated 12 July 2006, the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 13 July 2007, the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 27 
May 2010, the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 27 May 2011, the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 13 June 
2014, the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 21 July 2015, the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 31 August 2017, 
the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 5 September 2018, the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 25 June 2019, the 
base prospectus of the Issuer dated 30 June 2020 and the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 15 July 2021 do not 
form part of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
In connection with Notes admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and/or offered to the public in Luxembourg 
and/or in any other Member State of the European Economic Area, unless the Issuer does not intend to issue Notes 
under the Programme for the time being, if at any time during the duration of the Programme a significant change 
affecting any matter contained in this Base Prospectus, or generally any significant new factor, material mistake or 
material inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any 
Notes arises or is noted, the Issuer shall prepare a supplement to the Base Prospectus (each a "Supplement") in 
accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 18 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2019/979 as amended or publish a replacement Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering 
of the Notes, submit such supplement to the Base Prospectus to the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur 
Financier in Luxembourg for approval and supply each Dealer, the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the 
Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier in Luxembourg with such number of copies of such Supplement 
as may reasonably be requested.  
 
In accordance with and pursuant to Articles 23.2 and 23.2(a) of the Prospectus Regulation, where the relevant Final 
Terms relate to an offer of Notes to the public, investors who have already agreed to purchase or subscribe for Notes 
before any Supplement is published have the right, exercisable within (i) until 31 December 2022 (included), three 
(3) working days and (ii) as from 1 January 2023, two (2) working days after the publication of this supplement, to 
withdraw their acceptances provided that the new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy referred to in 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation arose or was noted before the final closing of the offer or the delivery of the 
Notes, whichever occurs first. That period may be extended by the Issuer or, if any, the relevant Authorised 
Offeror(s). The final date of the right of withdrawal shall be stated in the relevant Supplement. On 22 July 2023, this 
Base Prospectus, as supplemented (as the case may be), will expire and the obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will no longer apply. 
 
Any Supplement shall be (a) published on the websites of (i) the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) 
and/or (ii) Crédit Mutuel Arkéa (https://www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/mutuel/ecb_5038/fr/programme-
emtn) in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions (the "Conditions") that, subject to completion in accordance 
with the provisions of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes. In the case of any Tranche of Notes 
which is being admitted to trading on a regulated market or offered to the public in a Member State of the EEA, the 
relevant Final Terms shall not amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus. In the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, the text of the terms and conditions will not be endorsed on physical documents of title but 
will be constituted by the following text as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the case of Materialised Notes, 
either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant provisions of the Final Terms (and 
subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions) or (ii) these terms and conditions as so 
completed shall be endorsed on Definitive Materialised Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these 
Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms. References in the Conditions to "Notes" 
are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
 
The Notes are issued by Crédit Mutuel Arkéa (the "Issuer") in series (each a "Series") having one or more issue 
dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical save as to the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest 
and nominal amount of the Tranche), the Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other 
Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on the same or different issue dates. 
The specific terms of each Tranche (including, without limitation, the aggregate nominal amount, issue price, 
redemption price thereof, and interest, if any, payable thereunder and supplemented, where necessary, with 
supplemental terms and conditions which, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and 
nominal amount of the Tranche) will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series, will be 
determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of the issue and will be set out in the final terms of 
such Tranche (the "Final Terms"). 
 
The Notes are issued with the benefit of an amended and restated agency agreement dated 22 July 2022 (the "Agency 
Agreement") entered into between the Issuer and BNP Paribas Securities Services as fiscal agent, principal paying 
agent and paying agent and the other agents named therein. The fiscal agent, the paying agent and the calculation 
agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the "Fiscal Agent", the "Paying Agent" 
(which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent) and the "Calculation Agent(s)". The holders of the interest 
coupons (the "Coupons") relating to interest bearing Materialised Notes and, where applicable in the case of such 
Notes, talons (the "Talons") for further Coupons are referred to below as the "Couponholders". 
 
References below to "Conditions" are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs below. 
 
 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
 
(a) 
Form 
 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in materialised form 
("Materialised Notes"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L. 211-3 et seq. and 
R. 211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier by book entries (inscriptions en compte). 
No physical document of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article R. 211-7 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier) will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
 
Dematerialised Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer, in either bearer form (au porteur), which 
will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary) which shall credit the 
accounts of the Account Holders, or in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the 
option of the relevant holder in either administered registered form (nominatif administré) inscribed 
in the books of an Account Holder designated by the relevant holder of Notes or in fully registered 
form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in an account maintained by the Issuer or a registration agent 
(designated in the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer (the "Registration Agent"). 
 
Unless this possibility is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms and to the extent permitted 
by applicable law, the Issuer may at any time request from the central depositary identification 
information of holders of Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) such as the name or the 
company name, nationality, date of birth or year of incorporation and mail address or, as the case may 
be, email address of such holders.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
For the purpose of these Conditions, "Account Holder" means any financial intermediary institution 
entitled to hold accounts, directly or indirectly, with Euroclear France, and includes Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV ("Euroclear") and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream"). 
 
(ii) Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form only. Materialised Notes in definitive form ("Definitive 
Materialised Notes") are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a 
Talon) attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other than 
in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not 
applicable.  
 
In accordance with Articles L. 211-3 et seq. and R. 211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et 
financier, securities (such as Notes constituting obligations under French law) in materialised form 
and governed by French law must be issued outside the French territory. 
 
The Notes may be "Fixed Rate Notes", "Fixed Rate Resettable Notes", "Floating Rate Notes", "CMS 
Linked Notes", "Inverse Floating Rate Notes", "Inverse CMS Linked Notes", "Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes", "Fixed/CMS Linked Notes", "Floating/Fixed Rate Notes", "CMS Linked Notes/Fixed Rate 
Notes", "Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes", "Floating/Floating Rate Notes", "CMS/CMS Linked Notes", "Zero 
Coupon Notes", or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending on the Interest Basis and the redemption 
method specified in the relevant Final Terms in accordance with the applicable Conditions.  
 
(b) 
Denomination 
 
Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) set out in the relevant Final Terms (the "Specified 
Denomination(s)"), save that all Notes shall have a minimum denomination of €50,000 (or its equivalent in 
any other currency at the date of issue of such Notes) or, in the case of Senior Notes, such higher amount as 
may be required from time to time by any applicable laws or regulations for the purposes of being treated as 
MREL Eligible Instruments). 
 
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only.  
 
(c) 
Title 
 
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) and in administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the 
transfer in the accounts of the Account Holders. Title to Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form (au 
nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the 
transfer in the accounts maintained by the Issuer or by the Registration Agent. 
 
Title to Definitive Materialised Notes, including, where appropriate, Coupons and/or a Talon attached, shall 
pass by delivery. 
 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any Note (as 
defined below), Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all 
purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, or an interest in it, any 
writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
 
In these Conditions, 
 
"Noteholder" or, as the case may be, "holder of any Note" means (a) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, 
the individual or entity whose name appears in the account of the relevant Account Holder, the Issuer or the 
Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to such Notes and (b) in the case of Definitive 
Materialised Notes, the bearer of any Definitive Materialised Note and the Coupons or Talons relating to it. 
 
Capitalised terms have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms, the absence of any such 
meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes. 
 
2. 
Conversions and Exchanges of Notes 
 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer form (au porteur) may not be converted for 
Dematerialised Notes in registered form, whether in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) or

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
in administered registered form, (au nominatif administré). 
 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in registered form (au nominatif) may not be converted for 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur). 
 
(iii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the option of 
the holder of such Notes, be converted into Notes in administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré), and vice versa. The exercise of any such option by such holder shall be made in 
accordance with Article R. 211-4 of the French Code monétaire et financier. Any such 
conversion shall be effected at the cost of such holder. 
 
(b) 
Materialised Notes 
 
Materialised Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Materialised Notes of another 
Specified Denomination. 
 
3. 
Status 
 
The Notes may be either senior Notes (the "Senior Notes") or Subordinated Notes. The Senior Notes may be 
either Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, in each case as defined below and as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
(a) 
Senior Preferred Notes 
 
The Senior Preferred Notes (being those Notes which the applicable Final Terms specify as being Senior 
Preferred Notes), and, where applicable, any Coupon relating to them are direct, unconditional, unsecured 
and senior (chirographaires) obligations of the Issuer and rank and shall at all times rank: 
 
(i) pari passu without preference among themselves and with other Senior Preferred Notes; 
 
(ii) senior to Senior Non-Preferred Notes of the Issuer and any obligations ranking junior to Senior Non-
Preferred Notes; and  
(iii) junior to all present and future claims benefiting from statutory preferences. 
 
Subject to applicable law, if any judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial 
liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason, the holders 
of the Senior Preferred Notes in respect of such Notes and including, where applicable, the Coupons relating 
to them, will have a right to payment under the Notes: 
 
(i) only after, and subject to, payment in full of holders of present and future claims benefiting from statutory 
preferences; and 
 
(ii) subject to such payment in full, in priority to holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated 
Notes and other present and future claims otherwise ranking junior to Senior Preferred Notes. 
 
 
To the extent permitted by the MREL Regulations, it is the intention of the Issuer that the Senior Preferred 
Notes shall be treated for regulatory purposes as MREL Eligible Instruments under the MREL Regulations 
but that the obligations of the Issuer and the rights of the Noteholders under the Senior Preferred Notes shall 
not be affected if the Senior Preferred Notes no longer qualify as MREL Eligible Instruments. However, in 
such circumstances, the Issuer may redeem the Senior Preferred Notes in accordance with Condition 6(c) 
(Redemption of Senior Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event), if a MREL 
Disqualification Event Call Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
(b) 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes (being those Notes which the applicable Final Terms specify as being Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes), and, where applicable, any Coupon relating to them are direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and senior (chirographaires) obligations of the Issuer, and rank and shall at all times rank: 
 
(i) pari passu without preference among themselves and with other Senior Non-Preferred Notes;

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
(ii) senior to Subordinated Notes; and 
 
(iii) junior to present and future claims benefiting from statutory preferences, including Senior Preferred 
Notes. 
 
Subject to applicable law, if any judgment rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial liquidation 
(liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason, the holders of the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes in respect of such Notes and including, where applicable, the Coupons relating 
to them, will have a right to payment under the Notes: 
 
(i) only after, and subject to, payment in full of holders of Senior Preferred Notes and other present and 
future claims benefiting from statutory preferences or otherwise ranking in priority to Senior Non-
Preferred Notes; and 
 
(ii) subject to such payment in full, in priority to holders of Subordinated Notes and other present and future 
claims otherwise ranking junior to Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
 
In the context of any such judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer and in the event of 
incomplete payment of any obligations of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank senior to such Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, the obligations of the Issuer in connection with such Senior Non-Preferred Notes will 
be terminated by operation of law. 
 
To the extent permitted by the MREL Regulations, it is the intention of the Issuer that the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes shall be treated for regulatory purposes as MREL Eligible Instruments under the MREL 
Regulations but that the obligations of the Issuer and the rights of the Noteholders under the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes shall not be affected if the Senior Non-Preferred Notes no longer qualify as MREL Eligible 
Instruments. However, in such circumstances, the Issuer may redeem the Senior Non-Preferred Notes in 
accordance with Condition 6(c) (Redemption of Senior Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL 
Disqualification Event), if a MREL Disqualification Event Call Option is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
 
(c) 
Subordinated Notes 
 
The Subordinated Notes (being those Notes which the applicable Final Terms specify as to be Subordinated 
Notes) and including, where applicable, the Coupons relating to them constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank and shall at all times rank: 
 
(1) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves; 
 
(2) 
so long as the Subordinated Notes constitute Tier 2 Capital fully or partly (such Subordinated Notes 
being thereafter referred to as "Qualifying Subordinated Notes"): 
 
(a) 
pari passu with (x) any present or future obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer 
which constitute, or constituted prior to 28 December 2020, Tier 2 Capital fully or partly and 
(y) any other present and future direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations 
of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank equally with the Qualifying Subordinated 
Notes; 
 
(b) 
junior to (x) any Disqualified Subordinated Notes (as defined below) and (y) any other present 
and future direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer that 
rank or are expressed to rank senior to the Subordinated Notes; 
 
(3) 
if and when the Subordinated Notes no longer constitute Tier 2 Capital in whole, but not in part 
(such Subordinated Notes being thereafter referred to as "Disqualified Subordinated Notes"):  
 
(a) 
senior to (x) any present or future obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer which 
constitute, or constituted prior to 28 December 2020, Tier 2 Capital fully or partly (such as 
the Qualifying Subordinated Notes) and any other present or future direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank pari 
passu with the Qualifying Subordinated Notes and (y) any other present and future direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer that rank or are expressed 
to rank junior to the Subordinated Notes;

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
(b) 
pari passu with any other present or future direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with the Disqualified 
Subordinated Notes; and  
 
(c) 
junior to any other present and future direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank senior to the Disqualified 
Subordinated Notes; 
 
(4) 
senior to any present and future prêts participatifs granted to the Issuer, titres participatifs issued by 
the Issuer and deeply subordinated obligations of the Issuer (engagements dits "super subordonnés" 
or engagements subordonnés de dernier rang); and 
 
(5) 
junior to any present and future unsubordinated creditors (including depositors, holders of Senior 
Preferred Notes and holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) of the Issuer. 
 
Subject to applicable law, if any judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial 
liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason, the rights 
of payment of the holders of the Subordinated Notes in respect of such Subordinated Notes and including, 
where applicable, the Coupons relating to them (if any) shall be: 
 
(i) 
subordinated to the payment in full of: 
 
(a) 
all unsubordinated creditors (including depositors, holders of Senior Preferred Notes and 
holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes); 
 
(b) 
with respect to Qualifying Subordinated Notes, (x) any present and future direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer that rank or are expressed 
to rank senior to the Subordinated Notes and (y) any holder of Disqualified Subordinated 
Notes; and 
 
(c) 
with respect to Disqualifying Subordinated Notes, any other present and future direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer that rank or are expressed 
to rank senior to the Disqualified Subordinated Notes; and 
 
(ii) 
subject to such payment in full, paid in priority to: 
 
(a) 
(x) with respect to Disqualified Subordinated Notes, any present or future obligations or 
capital instruments of the Issuer which constitute, or constituted prior to 28 December 2020, 
Tier 2 Capital fully or partly (such as the Qualifying Subordinated Notes) and any other 
present or future subordinated obligations of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank pari 
passu with the Qualifying Subordinated Notes and (y) any other present and future direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer that rank or are expressed 
to rank junior to the Subordinated Notes; and  
 
(b) 
any present and future prêts participatifs granted to the Issuer, titres participatifs issued by 
the Issuer and deeply subordinated obligations of the Issuer (engagements dits "super 
subordonnés" or engagements subordonnés de dernier rang). 
 
In the context of any such judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer and in the event of 
incomplete payment of any obligations of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank senior to such Subordinated 
Notes, the obligations of the Issuer in connection with such Subordinated Notes will be terminated by 
operation of law. 
 
If an insolvency proceeding or voluntary liquidation applies to the Issuer, the holders of the Subordinated 
Notes including, where applicable, the Coupons relating to them, shall be responsible for taking all steps 
necessary to preserve the rights they may have against the Issuer. 
 
It is the intention of the Issuer that the Subordinated Notes shall be treated for supervisory purposes as Tier 
2 Capital. Disqualified Subordinated Notes shall rank senior to any present or future obligations or capital 
instruments of the Issuer which constitute, or constituted prior to 28 December 2020, Tier 2 Capital fully or 
partly (such as the Qualifying Subordinated Notes). However, the Issuer may redeem the Subordinated Notes

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
in accordance with Condition 6(d) (Redemption of Subordinated Notes upon the occurrence of a Capital 
Event). 
 
(d) 
Definitions 
 
"BRRD II" means Directive 2014/59/EU establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms as amended by Directive (UE) 2019/879. 
 
"FSB TLAC Term Sheet" means the Total Loss-absorbing Capacity ("TLAC") term sheet set forth in the 
document dated 9 November 2015 published by the Financial Stability Board, entitled "Principles on Loss-
absorbing and Recapitalisation Capacity of G-SIBs in Resolution", as amended from time to time. 
 
"Group" means any local savings bank (caisse locale) of the Crédit Mutuel de Bretagne and Crédit Mutuel 
du Sud-Ouest federations and of any federation affiliated to the Issuer from time to time, the Issuer and any 
of its subsidiaries from time to time taken as a whole. 
 
"MREL" refers to the "minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities" for banking institutions 
under the BRRD II, set in accordance with Article 45 of the BRRD II (as transposed in Article L. 613-44 of 
the French Code monétaire et financier) and Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1450 of 23 May 
2016, or any successor requirement. 
 
"MREL Eligible Instrument" means an instrument that is eligible to meet the MREL Requirements. 
 
"MREL Regulations" means, at any time, the applicable laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines and 
policies giving effect to (i) MREL and (ii) additional requirements that may become applicable to the Issuer 
or the Group in connection with the implementation of the TLAC standard set forth in the FSB TLAC Term 
Sheet or any successor principles, including any relevant implementing legislation and regulation applicable 
in France.  
 
"MREL Requirements" means the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities requirements 
applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group referred to in the MREL Regulations. 
 
"Senior Non-Preferred Notes" means any obligations or other instruments issued by the Issuer which fall 
or are expressed to fall within the category of obligations described in Article L. 613-30-3 I 4° of the French 
Code monétaire et financier. 
 
"Senior Preferred Notes" means any obligations or other instruments issued by the Issuer which fall or are 
expressed to fall within the category of obligations described in Article L. 613-30-3 I 3° of the French Code 
monétaire et financier. For the avoidance of doubt, all unsubordinated debt securities issued by the Issuer 
prior to the entry into force of Article L. 613-30-3 I 4° of the French Code monétaire et financier on 11 
December 2016 shall constitute Senior Preferred Notes. 
 
"Subordinated Notes" means any subordinated obligations or other instruments issued by the Issuer which 
are issued pursuant to the provisions of Article L. 228-97 of the French Code de commerce and fall or are 
expressed to fall within the category of obligations described in Article L. 613-30-3 I 5° of the French Code 
monétaire et financier. 
 
4. 
Negative Pledge 
 
There is no negative pledge in respect of the Notes. 
 
5. 
Interest and other Calculations 
 
(a) 
Definitions 
 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below: 
 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. ("ISDA"), in their updated version applicable as at the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the relevant Series, as may be supplemented, amended or superseded.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means the 2021 ISDA Definitions, as published by ISDA, in their updated version 
applicable as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the relevant Series, as may be supplemented, amended 
or superseded. 
 
"Applicable Rate" means the rate (expressed as a percentage) specified in the relevant Final Terms and may 
be a Fixed Rate or a Floating Rate. 
 
"Benchmark" means the reference rate as set out in the relevant Final Terms, which shall be either EURIBOR 
or any other reference rate that might replace them. 
 
"Business Day" means: 
 
(i) 
in the case of Euro, a day on which the Trans European Automated Real Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer payment system or any successor thereto (the "TARGET 2 System") is operating (a 
"TARGET Business Day"), and/or 
 
(ii) 
in the case of a Specified Currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial centre for 
that currency, and/or 
 
(iii) 
in the case of a Specified Currency and/or one or more additional business centre(s) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (the "Business Centre(s)"), a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency in the Business 
Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business Centres so specified. 
 
"CMS Rate", "CMS Rate1" and "CMS Rate2" mean the relevant CMS Reference Rate(s) as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate. 
"CMS Reference Rate" means the EUR CMS specified in the Final Terms relating to the relevant maturity 
(the relevant maturity year mid swap rate in EUR (annual 30/360)), which appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page, being Reuters page "ISDAFIX2" under the heading "EURIBOR Basis" (unless otherwise specified in 
the relevant Final Terms), as at Relevant Time which shall be 11.00 a.m. Frankfurt time (unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), in the case of the EUR-ISDA-EURIBOR Swap Rate-11.00 on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date (unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms). 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any 
period of time (from and including the first (1st) day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not 
constituting an Interest Period, the "Calculation Period"): 
 
(i) 
if "Actual/365", "Actual/365-FBF" or "Actual/Actual-ISDA" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365). 
 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual-ICMA" is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which it 
falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods normally 
ending in any year; and 
 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) 
the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year,

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
in each case, where  
 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including a Determination Date in any 
year to but excluding the next Determination Date and  
 
"Determination Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so 
specified, the Interest Payment Date. 
 
(iii) 
if "Actual/Actual-FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose numerator is the 
actual number of days elapsed during such period and whose denominator is 365 (or 366 if 29 February 
falls within the Calculation Period). If the Calculation Period is of a duration of more than one year, 
the basis shall be calculated as follows: 
 
 
the number of complete years shall be counted back from the last day of the Calculation Period; 
 
 
this number shall be increased by the fraction for the relevant period calculated as set out in 
the first paragraph of this definition. 
 
(iv) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365. 
 
(v) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360. 
 
(vi) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year 
of 360 days with 12 30-day months (unless (a) the last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of 
a month but the first day of the Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, 
in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day 
month, or (b) the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of February, in which 
case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)). 
 
(vii) 
if "30/360-FBF" or "Actual 30A/360 (American Bond Basis)" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, in respect of each Calculation Period, the fraction whose denominator is 360 and whose 
numerator is the number of days calculated as for 30E/360-FBF, subject to the following exception: 
 
where the last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st and the first day is neither the 30th nor the 31st, 
the last month of the Calculation Period shall be deemed to be a month of 31 days. 
 
Using the same abbreviations as for 30E/360-FBF the fraction is: 
 
If dd2 = 31 and dd1  (30,31) 
 
then: 
 
 x [(yy2 - yy1) x 360 + (mm2 - mm1) x 30 + (dd2 - dd1)] 
or 
 x [(yy2 - yy1) x 360 + (mm2 - mm1) x 30 + Min (dd2 , 30) - Min (dd1 , 30)]. 
 
(viii) if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 
days with 12 30-day months, without regard to the date of the first day or last day of the Calculation 
Period unless, in the case of a Calculation Period ending on the Maturity Date, the Maturity Date is 
the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to 
be lengthened to a 30-day month). 
 
(ix) 
if "30E/360-FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of each Calculation Period, the 
fraction whose denominator is 360 and whose numerator is the number of days elapsed during such 
period, calculated on the basis of a year comprising 12 months of 30 days, subject to the following the 
exception: 
360
1
360
1

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
if the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of February, the number of days 
elapsed during such month shall be the actual number of days. 
 
Where: 
 
D1 (dd1, mm1, yy1) is the date of the beginning of the period 
D2 (dd2, mm2, yy2) is the date of the end of the period 
 
The fraction is: 
 
 x [(yy2 - yy1) x 360 + (mm2 - mm1) x 30 + Min (dd2 , 30) - Min (dd1 , 30)]. 
 
"Effective Date" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an Interest Determination 
Date, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the first day of the 
Interest Accrual Period to which such Interest Determination Date relates. 
 
"Euro Zone" means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community (signed in Rome on 
25 March 1957), as amended by the Treaty on European Union (signed in Maastricht on 7 February 1992) 
and as amended by the Treaty of Amsterdam (signed in Amsterdam on 2 October 1997). 
 
"FBF Definitions" means the definitions set out in the June 2013 FBF Master Agreement relating to 
transactions on forward financial instruments as supplemented by the Technical Schedules (Additifs 
Techniques) as published by the Fédération Bancaire Française, in their updated version applicable as at the 
date of issue of the first Tranche of the relevant Series (together the "FBF Master Agreement"). 
 
"First Margin" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"First Reset Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"First Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but excluding) the 
Second Reset Date or, if there is no Second Reset Date, the Maturity Date. 
 
"First Reset Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant 
Reset Determination Date as the sum of the Mid-Swap Rate for the First Reset Period and the First Margin. 
 
"Initial Rate of Interest" has the meaning specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
"Interest Accrual Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
 
"Interest Amount" means the amount of interest payable for a particular period, and in the case of Fixed 
Rate Notes or Fixed Rate Resettable Notes, means the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as the case 
may be. 
 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, the 
date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the day falling two TARGET 
Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is euro or (ii) 
the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (iii) the day falling two 
Business Days in the city specified in the Final Terms for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro. 
 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment 
360
1

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
Date. 
 
"Interest Period Date" means each Interest Payment Date or such other date as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
 
"ISDA Definitions" means, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, either the 2006 ISDA Definitions or, the 
2021 ISDA Definitions. 
 
"Issue Date" means the date of issue of the Notes. 
 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate" means, for any Reset Period, the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for 
the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments 
are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the day count basis customary for 
fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating 
interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant 
Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative for a 
single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in 
the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-Market Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for 
the Mid-Swap Maturity (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the 
Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
 
"Mid-Market Swap Quotation" means a quotation (expressed as a percentage per annum) for the relevant 
Mid-Market Swap Rate. 
 
"Mid-Market Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate" means EURIBOR if the Specified Currency is Euro 
or other reference rate for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate, or such other rate, if any, as will have generally 
replaced EURIBOR or any other reference rate specified in the relevant Final Terms in the relevant market 
at the relevant time for purposes of the Mid-Market Swap Rate as determined by the Independent Adviser, 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and pursuant to the terms set forth in Condition 
5(e). 
 
"Mid-Swap Maturity" means the period specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Period, either: 
(a) if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the rate for swaps in the Specified 
Currency: 
 
(i) with a term specified in the Final Terms; and 
(ii) commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
 
(b) if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being 
rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
 
(i) with a term specified in the Final Terms; and 
(ii) commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, in either case, as at approximately the Relevant Time on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
 
"Rate Multiplier" means the number specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes and that is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms calculated on the basis of the Conditions. 
 
"Reference Banks" means the institutions specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four 
major banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or 
over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the reference rate (which, in the 
case of EURIBOR or EUR CMS shall be the Euro-zone).

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means, with respect to any Floating Rate, Underlying Value or CMS Rate to 
be determined in accordance with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the 
financial centre as may be specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the financial 
centre with which the relevant reference rate is most closely connected (which, in the case of EURIBOR or 
EUR CMS, shall be the Euro-zone) or, if none is so connected, Paris. 
 
"Relevant Date" means, in respect of any Note or Coupon, the date on which payment in respect of it first 
became due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which 
payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (in the case of Materialised Notes if earlier) the date 
seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the holders of such Materialised Notes that, upon 
further presentation of the Materialised Note or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such 
payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. 
 
"Relevant Rate", "Relevant Rate1" and "Relevant Rate2" mean the Benchmark(s) for a Representative 
Amount of the Specified Currency for a period (if applicable or appropriate to the relevant Benchmark) equal 
to the Specified Duration commencing on the Effective Date or any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate. 
 
"Relevant Time" means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the local time in the Relevant 
Financial Centre specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if no time is specified, the local time in the Relevant 
Financial Centre at which it is customary to determine bid and offered rates in respect of deposits in the 
Specified Currency in the interbank market in the Relevant Financial Centre and for this purpose "local time" 
means, with respect to Europe and the Euro-zone as a Relevant Financial Centre, 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time). 
 
"Relevant Screen Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information 
service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (or any successor or replacement page, section, 
caption, column or other part of a particular information service). 
 
"Representative Amount" means, with respect to any Floating Rate or Underlying Value to be determined 
in accordance with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the amount specified as 
such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is specified, an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the time. 
 
"Reset Date" means each of the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and any Subsequent Reset Date, as 
applicable. 
 
"Reset Determination Date" means, in respect of a Reset Period, the date specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
 
"Reset Period" means each of the First Reset Period or any Subsequent Reset Period, as applicable. 
 
"Reset Reference Banks" means the principal office in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency of five leading dealers in the swap, money, securities or other market most closely connected with 
the Mid-Market Swap Rate. 
 
"Second Reset Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.  
 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
"Specified Duration" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance with a Screen 
Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the duration specified in the relevant Final Terms or, 
if none is specified, a period of time equal to the relative Interest Accrual Period, ignoring any adjustment 
pursuant to Condition 5(i). 
 
"Subsequent Margin" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
"Subsequent Reset Date" means each date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Subsequent Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but excluding) 
the next occurring Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) a Subsequent 
Reset Date to (but excluding) the next occurring Subsequent Reset Date or, in the case of the final Subsequent 
Reset Date, to (but excluding) the Maturity Date.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
"Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period, the rate of interest 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant 
Mid-Swap Rate and the relevant Subsequent Margin. 
 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest Commencement 
Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
 
If a fixed amount of interest ("Fixed Coupon Amount") or a broken amount of interest ("Broken Amount") 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will 
amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if applicable, the Broken Amount so specified and in the case of the 
Broken Amount will be payable on the particular Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
 
If a Fixed Rate Note is specified in the applicable Final Terms as resettable ("Fixed Rate Resettable Note"), 
the Rate of Interest will initially be a fixed rate and will then be resettable as provided below. 
Each Fixed Rate Resettable Note bears interest on its outstanding principal amount from and including the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to: 
(i) 
for each Interest Period falling in the period from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
to (but excluding) the First Reset Date, the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(ii) 
for each Interest Period falling in the period from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the Second Reset Date or (if there is no Second Reset Date) the Maturity Date, the First 
Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(iii) 
for each Interest Period in any Subsequent Reset Period thereafter, the Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest in respect of the relevant Subsequent Reset Period. 
Such interest shall be payable in arrear on each Specified Interest Payment Date. 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as reasonably practicable on each Reset Determination Date, calculate 
the amount of interest payable for each relevant Interest Period. 
The Calculation Agent will cause such amount of interest for each Interest Period falling within each Reset 
Period to be notified to each of the Paying Agents and to be notified to the Noteholders and any stock 
exchange on which the relevant Fixed Rate Resettable Notes are listed as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the first day of each Reset Period. 
If on any Reset Determination Date, the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap Rate does 
not appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Reset Determination Date, 
the Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reset Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with 
its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately the Relevant Time on the Reset Determination Date 
in question. 
 
If, on any Reset Determination Date, at least three of the Reset Reference Banks provide the Calculation 
Agent with Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate 
of Interest, as the case may be, for the relevant Reset Period will be the arithmetic mean (rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the relevant quotations 
provided, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest 
(or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest) and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin, as the case may 
be, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
 
If on any Reset Determination Date only two relevant quotations are provided, the First Reset Rate of Interest 
or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as the case may be, for the relevant Reset Period will be the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the relevant quotations provided and the First Margin or 
Subsequent Margin, as the case may be, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
 
If on any Reset Determination Date, only one relevant quotation is provided, the First Reset Rate of Interest 
or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as the case may be, for the relevant Reset Period will be the relevant 
quotation provided and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin, as the case may be, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
If on any Reset Determination Date, none of the Reset Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with 
a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided above, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent 
Reset Rate of Interest, as the case may be, shall be the Rate of Interest as at the last preceding Reset Date or, 
if none, the Initial Rate of Interest. 
 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount 
from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The 
amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 5(l). Such Interest 
Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment Dates 
or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Final Terms, Interest Payment 
Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other period shown in the relevant 
Final Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for 
each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms 
in accordance with the provisions below relating to either FBF Determination, ISDA Determination 
or Screen Rate Determination, depending upon which is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
(A) 
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
 
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined 
by the Agent by applying one of the following formulae, as specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
 
(1) Rate of Interest = FBF Rate + Margin; 
 
(2) Rate of Interest = Margin + [Rate Multiplier x (FBF Rate1 – FBF Rate2)]; 
 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "FBF Rate", "FBF Rate1" and "FBF Rate2" for an Interest 
Accrual Period means (a) rate(s) equal(s) to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Agent 
under a notional interest rate swap transaction (Echange) in the relevant Specified Currency governed 
by the FBF Definitions and under which: 
 
(a) 
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms, and 
 
(b) 
the Floating Rate Determination Date is as specified in the relevant Final Terms,  
 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "Floating Rate", "Agent" and "Floating Rate 
Determination Date" are translations of the French terms "Taux Variable", "Agent" and "Date de 
Détermination du Taux Variable", respectively, which have the meanings given to those terms in the 
FBF Definitions. 
 
Where any Floating Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual 
Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference 
to two rates based on the relevant Floating Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the maturity 
were the period of time (for which rates are available) next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period, and the other of which shall be determined as if the maturity were the period of time 
(for which rates are available) next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Rate of Interest (i.e. Relevant Rate plus Margin) shall not be, in any 
case, lower than zero.  
 
(B) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes  
 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate 
of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent by applying one of the following formulae, as indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms:

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
(1) Rate of Interest = ISDA Rate + Margin;  
 
(2) Rate of Interest = Margin + [Rate Multiplier x (ISDA Rate1 –ISDA Rate2)];  
 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), "ISDA Rate", "ISDA Rate1" and "ISDA Rate2" for an 
Interest Accrual Period means rate(s) equal(s) to the Floating Rate Option that would be determined 
by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating (i) 
if "2006 ISDA Definitions" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions or (ii) 
if "2021 ISDA Definitions" is specified in th relevant Final Terms, the 2021 ISDA Definitions and 
under which:  
 
(a) the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
 
(b) the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and  
 
(c) the relevant Reset Date is the first (1) day of that Interest Accrual Period unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), "Floating Rate", "Calculation Agent", "Floating Rate 
Option", "Designated Maturity", "Reset Date" and "Swap Transaction" have the meanings given 
to those terms in the ISDA Definitions.   
 
Where any "Floating Rate Option" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being determined by 
linear interpolation in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by 
reference to two rates based on the relevant Floating Rate Option, one of which shall be determined 
as if the maturity were the period of time (for which rates are available) next shorter than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period, and the other of which shall be determined as if the maturity were the 
period of time (for which rates are available) next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Rate of Interest (i.e. Relevant Rate plus Margin) shall not be, in any 
case, lower than zero. 
 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall, subject 
as provided below or (if applicable) in Condition 5(e), be determined by the Calculation Agent by 
applying one of the following formulae, as specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
 
(1) Rate of Interest = Relevant Rate + Margin; 
 
(2) Rate of Interest = Margin + [Rate Multiplier x (Relevant Rate1 – Relevant Rate2)]; 
 
at or about the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in respect of such Interest Accrual 
Period in accordance with the following: 
 
(a) 
if the Primary Source for Floating Rate is a Relevant Screen Page, subject as provided below, 
the Rate of Interest shall be determined on the basis of: 
 
 
(i) 
the Relevant Rate(s) (where such Relevant Rate(s) on such Relevant Screen Page is/are 
a composite quotation or is/are customarily supplied by one entity) or 
 
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Rates of the persons whose Relevant Rates appear 
on that Relevant Screen Page, 
 
in each case appearing on the Relevant Screen Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date as disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
(b) 
if the Primary Source for the Floating Rate is Reference Banks or if sub-paragraph (a)(i) applies

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
and no Relevant Rate appears on the Relevant Screen Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date or if sub-paragraph (a)(ii) applies and fewer than two Relevant Rates 
appear on the Relevant Screen Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date, 
subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be determined on the basis of the arithmetic 
mean of the Relevant Rates that each of the Reference Banks is quoting to leading banks in the 
Relevant Financial Centre at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent,  
 
(c) 
if paragraph (b) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than two 
Reference Banks are so quoting Relevant Rates, subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest 
shall be determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) that the Calculation Agent determines to be the rates (being the nearest equivalent 
to the Benchmark) in respect of a Representative Amount of the Specified Currency that at 
least two out of five leading banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the principal financial 
centre of the country of the Specified Currency or, if the Specified Currency is Euro, in the 
Euro-zone as selected by the Calculation Agent (the "Principal Financial Centre") are quoting 
at or about the Relevant Time on the date on which such banks would customarily quote such 
rates for a period commencing on the Effective Date for a period equivalent to the Specified 
Duration (I) to leading banks carrying on business in Europe, or (if the Calculation Agent 
determines that fewer than two of such banks are so quoting to leading banks in Europe) (II) 
to leading banks carrying on business in the Principal Financial Centre; except that, if fewer 
than two of such banks are so quoting to leading banks in the Principal Financial Centre, the 
Rate of Interest shall be the Rate of Interest determined on the previous Interest Determination 
Date (after readjustment for any difference between any Margin, Rate Multiplier or Maximum 
or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the preceding Interest Accrual Period and to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period), 
(d) 
where any "Relevant Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being determined by 
linear interpolation in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation 
by reference to two rates based on the Relevant Rate(s), one of which shall be determined as if 
the maturity were the period of time (for which rates are available) next shorter than the length 
of the relevant Interest Accrual Period, and the other of which shall be determined as if the 
maturity were the period of time (for which rates are available) next longer than the length of 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Rate of Interest (i.e. Relevant Rate plus Margin) shall not be, in any 
case, lower than zero.   
 
(d) 
Rate of Interest on CMS Linked Notes 
 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each CMS Linked Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from and including 
the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to 
the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The 
amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 5(l). Such Interest 
Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment 
Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Final Terms, 
Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months, or other period 
shown in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period, after the preceding Interest Payment 
Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
 
The Rate of Interest in respect of CMS Linked Notes for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall be, subject as provided below or (if applicable) in Condition 5(e) below, 
determined by the Calculation Agent by applying one of the following formulae, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
Rate of Interest = CMS Rate + Margin; 
(B) 
Rate of Interest = CMS Rate – Margin;

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
(C) 
Rate of Interest = Rate Multiplier x (CMS Rate + Margin); 
(D) 
Rate of Interest = Rate Multiplier x (CMS Rate – Margin); 
(E) 
Rate of Interest = Rate Multiplier x (CMS Rate1 – CMS Rate2); 
(F) 
Rate of Interest = Margin + [Rate Multiplier x (CMS Rate1 – CMS 
Rate2)]; 
(G) 
Rate of Interest = Margin + [Rate Multiplier x (Applicable Rate – CMS 
Rate)]; 
(H) 
Rate of Interest = Margin + [Rate Multiplier x (CMS Rate – Applicable 
Rate)]; 
(I) 
Rate of Interest = Rate Multiplier x (Applicable Rate – CMS Rate); 
where: 
In the event that the EUR CMS does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page on any 
relevant date, the Calculation Agent shall determine on such relevant date the applicable 
rate based on quotations of five Reference Banks (to be selected by the Calculation 
Agent and the Issuer) for EUR CMS relating to the relevant maturity (in each case the 
relevant mid-market annual swap rate commencing two TARGET Business Days 
following such relevant date). The highest and lowest (or, in the event of equality, one 
of the highest and/or lowest) quotations so determined shall be disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the reference rate which will be the 
arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to five significant figures with halves being 
rounded up) of such provided quotations.  
If, for any reason, the EUR CMS is no longer published or if fewer than three quotations 
are provided to the Calculation Agent in accordance with the above paragraph, it will 
be determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion, acting in good faith and 
in a commercial and reasonable manner. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Rate of Interest (i.e. Relevant Rate plus Margin) shall not be, 
in any case, lower than zero.   
(e) 
Benchmark Event 
 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate or, as the case may be, a Mid-Market 
Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate at any time when the Conditions of any Notes provide for any rate of 
interest (or any component part thereof) to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate or, 
as the case may be, Mid-Market Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate, then the following provisions shall 
apply and prevail over other fallbacks specified in Condition 5(b) (as applicable), Condition 5(c)(ii)(C) and 
Condition 5(d). 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon 
as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative 
Rate (in accordance with Condition 5(e)(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, 
if any (in accordance with Condition 5(e)(iii)) and any Benchmark Amendments, if any 
(in accordance with Condition 5(e)(iv)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(e) shall act in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert and (in the absence of 
manifest error or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, 
the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent or any other party responsible for determining 
the Rate of Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms, or the Noteholders for any 
determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 5(e). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines that:

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
a. 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 5(e)(iv)) subsequently be used in 
place of the Original Reference Rate or, as the case may be, for the 
purposes of determining the Mid-Swap Rate to determine the relevant 
Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all 
relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further 
operation of this Condition 5(e)); or  
b. 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 
5(e)(iv)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate or, 
as the case may be, for the purposes of determining the Mid-Swap Rate 
to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component 
part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the further operation of this Condition 5(e)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser, determines (A) that an Adjustment Spread is 
required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) and (B) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, 
such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent 
determination of a relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or a relevant component part 
thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 5(e) and the Independent Adviser determines (A) 
that amendments to the Conditions of the Notes (including, without limitation, 
amendments to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, Business Days or 
Relevant Screen Page) are strictly necessary to ensure the proper operation of 
such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (B) the relevant terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof 
in accordance with Condition 5(e)(v), without any requirement for the consent 
or approval of Noteholders, vary the Conditions of the Notes to give effect to 
such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice 
and each Noteholder shall be deemed to have accepted the Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread and such related changes and 
adjustments pursuant to this Condition 5(e). 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5(e), the 
Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are 
for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(v)  
Notices, etc. 
The Issuer shall, after receiving such information from the Independent Adviser, 
notify the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, the 
Representative (if any) and, in accordance with Condition 16 (Notice), the 
Noteholders, promptly of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment 
Spread and of the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, determined 
under this Condition 5(e). Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and 
the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such notice will (in the absence 
of manifest error in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any)) 
be binding on the Issuer, the party responsible for determining the Rate of

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
Interest (being the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable), the 
Paying Agents, the Representative (if any) and the Noteholders and, where 
applicable, Couponholders. 
(vi) 
Regulatory Capital / Eligible Liabilities  
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(e), no Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread will be adopted, nor will any Benchmark 
Amendments be effected, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the 
Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to result in either (i) in the case of 
Senior Notes, a MREL Disqualification Event, or (ii) in the Relevant Regulator 
and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority treating the next Interest Payment Date 
as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date (if, 
for example, the switch to the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) 
would create an incentive to redeem the relevant Notes that would be 
inconsistent with the relevant requirements necessary to maintain the regulatory 
status of the Notes) or (iii) in the case of Subordinated Notes, a Capital Event. 
In such circumstances, the fallbacks specified in Condition 5(b), Condition 
5(c)(ii)(C) and Condition 5(d)(ii) will be applicable in accordance with their 
terms. 
(vii) 
Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the 
determination of the Rate of Interest on the immediately following Interest 
Determination Date or Reset Determination Date (as applicable), no Independent 
Adviser has been appointed or no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
applicable) is determined pursuant to this provision, the Original Reference Rate 
or, as the case may be, the Mid-Market Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate will 
continue to apply for the purposes of determining such Rate of Interest on such 
Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date (as applicable), with 
the effect that the fallback provisions provided elsewhere in these Conditions of 
the Notes will continue to apply to such determination, provided that such 
fallbacks may in certain circumstances, lead to apply the Rate of Interest 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date or Reset 
Determination Date (as applicable). 
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at any time 
thereafter, to elect to re-apply the provisions of this Condition 5(e), mutatis 
mutandis, on one or more occasions until a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
(and, if applicable, any associated Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark 
Amendments) has been determined and notified in accordance with this 
Condition 5(e) (and, until such determination and notification (if any), the 
fallback provisions provided elsewhere in these Conditions including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, the fallbacks specified in Condition 5(b), Condition 
5(c)(ii)(C) and Condition 5(d)(ii) above, will continue to apply). 
(viii)  
Definitions 
In this Condition 5(e): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or 
negative), or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, 
which the Independent Adviser is required to be applied to the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest 
extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or 
benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate or, as the case may be, the Mid-Market Swap Floating 
Leg Benchmark Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which:

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
a) in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally 
provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of 
the Original Reference Rate or, as the case may be, the Mid-Market Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body;  
b) in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case of a Successor Rate where 
(a) above does not apply), is in customary market usage in the international 
debt capital market for transactions which reference the Original Reference 
Rate or, as the case may be, the Mid-Market Swap Floating Leg Benchmark 
Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Alternative Rate (or, as the 
case may be, the Successor Rate); or 
c) if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available), 
or the Independent Adviser determines there is no such spread, formula or 
methodology in customary market usage, the Independent Adviser 
determines acting in good faith to be appropriate.  
"Alternative Rate" means, in the absence of Successor Rate, an alternative 
benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser determines in 
accordance with this Condition 5(e) and which is customary market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of 
interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate interest 
period and in the same Specified Currency as the Notes.  
"Benchmark Event" means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate or, as 
the case may be, the Mid-Market Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate: 
a) the Original Reference Rate or, as the case may be, the Mid-Market Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate ceasing to exist or be published;  
b) the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate or, as the case may be, the Mid-Market Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, 
cease publishing the Original Reference Rate or, as the case may be, the 
Mid-Market Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been 
appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate or, 
as the case may be, the Mid-Market Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate) 
and (ii) the date falling six (6) months prior to the specified date referred to 
in (b)(i); 
c) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate or, as the case may be, the Mid-Market Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate that the Original Reference Rate or, as the 
case may be, the Mid-Market Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate has been 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued;  
d) the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate or, as the case may be, the 
Mid-Market Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate that the Original 
Reference Rate or, as the case may be, the Mid-Market Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate will, on or before a specified date, be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling six (6) months prior to the 
specified date referred to in (d)(i);  
e) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate or, as the case may be, the Mid-Market Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate that means the Original Reference Rate or, 
as the case may be, the Mid-Market Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate 
will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case within the following six 
(6) months;  
f) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate or, as the case may be, the Mid-Market Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate that the Original Reference Rate or, as the 
case may be, the Mid-Market Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate, in the 
opinion of the supervisor, is no longer representative of an underlying 
market or that its method of calculation has significantly changed; 
g) it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date or Reset 
Determination Date (as applicable), become unlawful for the Issuer, the 
party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the Calculation 
Agent or such other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as 
applicable), or any Paying Agent to calculate any payments due to be made 
to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate or, as the case may 
be, the Mid-Market Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate (including, 
without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation, if applicable); or 
h) that a decision to withdraw or suspend the authorisation or registration 
pursuant to Article 35 of the Benchmarks Regulation of any benchmark 
administrator previously authorised to publish such Original Reference 
Rate or, as the case may be, the Mid-Market Swap Floating Leg Benchmark 
Rate has been adopted. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or an independent adviser of recognised standing with 
appropriate expertise, at all times acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, appointed by the Issuer at its own expense under Condition 
5(e)(i) (which may be one of the Dealers, other than Crédit Mutuel Arkéa, 
involved in the issue of the Notes and/or the Calculation Agent, an independent 
financial adviser, an affiliate of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent). 
"Original Reference Rate" means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
originally specified for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest 
(or any relevant component part(s) thereof) on the Notes, including any Relevant 
Rate or CMS Rate. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable): 
a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable); or 
b) any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (i) the central bank for the currency to which 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) any central bank 
or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (iii) a group 
of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (iv) 
the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate or, as the case may be, the Mid-Market Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. If, 
following a Benchmark Event, more than one successor or replacement rates are 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Independent Adviser will 
determine, among those successor or replacement rates, that one which is the 
most appropriate, taking into consideration, without limitation, the particular 
features of the relevant Notes and the nature of the Issuer.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
(f) 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes/Inverse CMS Linked Notes 
 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inverse Floating Rate Notes or Inverse CMS Linked Notes in respect of for 
each Interest Accrual Period, shall be equal to the Fixed Rate specified in the relevant Final Terms minus the 
Floating Rate or the CMS Rate, as the case may be, specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Fixed Rate, 
Floating Rate or CMS Rate, as applicable, and the respective amounts of interest payable shall be determined 
in accordance with the provisions applying to Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes or CMS Linked Notes, 
as applicable. 
 
(g) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, Fixed/CMS Linked Notes, Floating/Fixed Rate Notes, CMS Linked 
Notes/Fixed Rate Notes, Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes, Floating/Floating Rate Notes and CMS/CMS Linked 
Notes 
 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, Fixed/CMS Linked Notes, Floating/Fixed Rate Notes, CMS Linked Notes/Fixed 
Rate Notes, Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes, Floating/Floating Rate Notes, CMS/CMS Linked Notes are Notes for 
which a change of interest basis (the "Change of Interest Basis") is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms.  
 
If Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, Fixed/CMS Linked Notes, Floating/Fixed Rate Notes, CMS Linked 
Notes/Fixed Rate Notes or CMS/CMS Linked Notes is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
 
(i) 
the Issuer may elect to convert on the date set out in the relevant Final Terms (the "Switch Date") 
(a) from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or (b) from a Fixed Rate to a Rate of Interest determined 
by applying one of the formulae as described in Condition 5(d)(ii), or (c) from a Floating Rate to a 
Fixed Rate, or (d) from a Rate of Interest determined by applying one of the formulae as described 
in Condition 5(d)(ii) to a Fixed Rate, or (e) from a Rate of Interest to another Rate of Interest 
determined by applying for each, one of the formulae as described in Condition 5(d)(ii). The Issuer 
election to change the interest basis (the "Issuer Change of Interest Basis") should be deemed 
effective after a valid notification sent by the Issuer to the relevant Noteholders within the period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
 
(ii) 
the rate at which the Notes bear interest will automatically change (a) from a Fixed Rate to a Floating 
Rate, or (b) from a Fixed Rate to a Rate of Interest determined by applying one of the formulae as 
described in Condition 5(d)(ii), or (c) from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate, or (d) from a Rate of 
Interest determined by applying one of the formulae as described in Condition 5(d)(ii) to a Fixed 
Rate, or (e) from a Rate of Interest to another Rate of Interest determined by applying for each, one 
of the formulae as described in Condition 5(d)(ii) (the "Automatic Change of Interest Basis") at 
the date(s) set out in the Final Terms (the "Automatic Switch Date"). 
 
If Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes, Floating/Floating Rate Notes or CMS/CMS Linked Notes, as the case may be, is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
 
(i) 
the Issuer may elect to convert on the Switch Date from a Fixed Rate to a different Fixed Rate or 
from a Floating Rate to a different Floating Rate or from a Rate of Interest to another Rate of Interest, 
both determined by applying one of the formulae as described in Condition 5(d)(ii). Such Issuer 
Change of Interest Basis should be deemed effective after a valid notification sent by the Issuer to 
the relevant Noteholders within the period specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
 
(ii) 
the rate at which the Notes bear interest will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a different 
Fixed Rate or from a Floating Rate to a different Floating Rate or from a Rate of Interest to another 
Rate of Interest, both determined by applying one of the formulae as described in Condition 5(d)(ii) 
on the Automatic Switch Date. 
 
(h) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
 
Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable prior to the Maturity 
Date, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, pursuant to Condition 6(e) (Early Redemption Amount and 
Optional Redemption Amount) and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity 
Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be. As 
from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 6(e)(i) (Early 
Redemption Amount and Optional Redemption Amount - Zero Coupon Notes)).

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
(i) 
Business Day Convention 
 
If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject to adjustment in accordance with a 
Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day 
Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the 
next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) 
such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such 
date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been subject 
to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that 
is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the 
next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such 
date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, where the applicable Final Terms specify that the relevant Business Day Convention is to be 
applied on an "unadjusted" basis, the Interest Amount payable on any date shall not be affected by the 
application of that Business Day Convention. 
 
(j) 
Accrual of Interest 
 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless (i) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, on such due date or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, upon due presentation, 
payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (as well after as 
before judgement) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 5 to the Relevant Date.  
 
(k) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Maximum/Minimum FBF Rates/ISDA Rates/Relevant 
Rates/CMS Rates, Redemption Amounts and Rounding: 
 
(a) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or 
more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), 
or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), by adding (if a 
positive number) or subtracting (if a negative number) the absolute value of such Margin, subject 
always to the next paragraph. 
 
(b) 
If any Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of any such Interest Period is less than such Minimum 
Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
 
(c) 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of any such Interest Period is greater than such 
Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate 
of Interest. 
 
(d) 
If any Minimum: 
 
 
- 
FBF Rate/ FBF Rate1/ FBF Rate2,  
 
- 
ISDA Rate/ ISDA Rate1/ ISDA Rate2, 
 
- 
Relevant Rate/ Relevant Rate1/ Relevant Rate2, 
 
- 
CMS Rate/ CMS Rate1/ CMS Rate2 
 
 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms for any Interest Period, then, in the event that such reference 
rate in respect of any such Interest Period is less than such Minimum reference rate, the reference rate 
for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum reference rate.  
 
(e)  
If any Maximum: 
 
 
- 
FBF Rate/ FBF Rate1/ FBF Rate2,  
 
- 
ISDA Rate/ ISDA Rate1/ ISDA Rate2, 
 
- 
Relevant Rate/ Relevant Rate1/ Relevant Rate2, 
 
- 
CMS Rate/ CMS Rate1/ CMS Rate2 
 
 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms for any Interest Period, then, in the event that such reference 
rate in respect of any such Interest Period is greater than such Maximum reference rate, the reference 
rate for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum reference rate.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
(f) 
If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, then any Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the 
case may be. 
 
(g) 
Unless a higher Minimum Rate of Interest is stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate 
of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. For the avoidance of doubt, "Minimum Rate of Interest" shall 
refer to the relevant rate plus any margin. 
 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in 
these Conditions), (w) if FBF Determination or ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest ten-thousandth 
of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations 
shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest fifth decimal (with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures 
shall be rounded to seven figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due 
and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being rounded up), save in the 
case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For these purposes "unit" means the lowest 
amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency. 
 
(l) 
Calculations 
 
The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be calculated by multiplying the 
product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal amount of such Note by the Day Count Fraction, 
unless an Interest Amount is specified in respect of such period, in which case the amount of interest payable 
in respect of such Note for such period shall equal such Interest Amount. Where any Interest Period comprises 
two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Interest Period shall 
be the sum of the amounts of interest payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. 
 
(m) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, 
Early Redemption Amounts and Optional Redemption Amounts 
 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to 
calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine such 
rate and calculate the Interest Amounts in respect of each Specified Denomination of the Notes for the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or 
Optional Redemption Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case 
may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Period and the relevant 
Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount, or Optional Redemption Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying 
Agents, the holders of Notes, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a 
further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market of the EEA and the rules of such Regulated Market so require, such Regulated Market as soon as 
possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest 
Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such Regulated Market of a Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. 
Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(i), 
the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension 
or shortening of the Interest Period. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation 
and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
 
(n) 
Calculation Agent and Reference Banks 
 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be four Reference Banks (or such other number as may 
be required) with offices in the Relevant Financial Centre and one or more Calculation Agents if provision is 
made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is outstanding (as defined above). If 
any Reference Bank (acting through its relevant office) is unable or unwilling to continue to act as a Reference 
Bank, then the Issuer shall appoint another Reference Bank with an office in the Relevant Financial Centre 
to act as such in its place. Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, 
references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent 
performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act 
as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or Interest

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount 
or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer 
shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, 
money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation 
or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal Paris or Luxembourg 
office, as appropriate, or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The 
Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
 
6. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below or in accordance with 
Condition 6(b) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption), Conditions 6(c) 
(Redemption of Senior Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event), Conditions 6(d) 
(Redemption of Subordinated Notes upon the occurrence of a Capital Event) or Conditions 6(f) (Redemption 
for Taxation Reasons), each Note shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant 
Final Terms at its Final Redemption Amount (which is its nominal amount). 
 
(b) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption 
 
(i) 
If a Call Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to 
compliance by the Issuer to all the relevant laws, regulations and directives (and subject (i) in the 
case of Senior Notes, to the provisions of Condition 6(i) (Additional conditions to redemption and 
purchase of Senior Notes prior to Maturity Date), or (ii) in the case of Subordinated Notes, to the 
provisions of Condition 6(j) (Additional conditions to redemption and purchase of Subordinated 
Notes prior to Maturity Date), and, in each case, on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than 
thirty (30) days' irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) to the holders of Notes 
(or such other period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem all or, if so provided, 
some, of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at 
their Optional Redemption Amount (as set out in Condition 6(e) (Early Redemption Amount and 
Optional Redemption Amount)) together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption, if 
any. Any such redemption must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum 
Redemption Amount to be redeemed as specified in the relevant Final Terms and no greater than the 
Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in 
such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
 
In the case of a partial redemption, the notice to holders of such Materialised Notes shall also contain 
the numbers of the Definitive Materialised Notes to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in 
such place and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account 
of prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and Regulated Market 
requirements. 
 
In the case of a partial redemption of Dematerialised Notes, the redemption shall be effected by 
reducing the nominal amount of all such Dematerialised Notes in a Series in proportion to the 
aggregate nominal amount redeemed. 
 
So long as the Notes are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted 
to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules thereof so 
require, the Issuer shall, once in each year in which there has been a partial redemption of the Notes, 
cause to be published either on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or 
in a leading newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg a notice specifying the aggregate 
nominal amount of Notes outstanding and, in the case of Materialised Notes a list of any Materialised 
Notes, drawn for redemption but not surrendered. 
 
(ii) 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, no redemption at the option of the Issuer will be permitted prior 
to five years from the Issue Date. 
 
(iii) 
In the case of Senior Notes, no redemption at the option of the Issuer will be permitted prior to one 
year from the Issue Date.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
(c) 
Redemption of Senior Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event 
If the Notes are Senior Notes and a MREL Disqualification Event Call Option is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms, then upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event, the Issuer may, at its 
option (but subject to the provisions of Condition 6(i) (Additional conditions to redemption and purchase of 
Senior Notes prior to Maturity Date)), at any time and having given not more than forty-five (45) nor less 
than thirty (30) calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) in accordance 
with Condition 16 (Notices) below, redeem all (but not some only) of the outstanding Senior Notes at their 
Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest (if any) thereon. 
 
"MREL Disqualification Event" means, at any time, a change in the classification of the Senior Notes under 
the MREL Regulations, as a result of which all or part of the outstanding nominal amount of the Senior Notes 
does not fully qualify as MREL Eligible Instruments, except where such non-qualification was reasonably 
foreseeable at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of such Senior Notes or is due to the remaining maturity of 
such Notes being less than any period prescribed by the MREL Regulations. 
 
(d) 
Redemption of Subordinated Notes upon the occurrence of a Capital Event 
If the Notes are Subordinated Notes and a Capital Event Call Option is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, then upon occurrence of a Capital Event, the Issuer may, at its option (but subject to the 
provisions of Condition 6(j) (Additional conditions to redemption and purchase of Subordinated Notes prior 
to Maturity Date)) at any time, subject to having given not more than forty-five (45) nor less than thirty 
(30) calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) (which notice shall 
be irrevocable), redeem all (but not some only) of the outstanding Subordinated Notes at their Early 
Redemption Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest (if any) thereon. 
 
"Applicable Banking Regulations" means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines and 
policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in France including, without limitation to the generality of 
the foregoing, those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in 
effect of, and as applied by, the Relevant Regulator. 
 
"Capital Event" means a change in the regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes under the 
Applicable Banking Regulations that was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of such Subordinated Notes, as a result of which all or part of the outstanding nominal amount of the 
Subordinated Notes would be excluded from the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer; 
 
"Relevant Regulator" means the European Central Bank and any successor or replacement thereto, or other 
authority having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer; and 
 
"Tier 2 Capital" means capital which is treated by the Relevant Regulator as a constituent of tier 2 under 
Applicable Banking Regulations from time to time for the purposes of the Issuer. 
 
(e) 
Early Redemption Amount and Optional Redemption Amount 
 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, upon redemption 
of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(f) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons), Condition 6(c) 
(Redemption of Senior Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event) with 
respect to Senior Notes and Condition 6(d) (Redemption of Subordinated Notes upon the 
occurrence of a Capital Event) with respect to Subordinated Notes or upon it becoming due 
and payable as provided in Condition 10, or the Optional Redemption Amount pursuant to 
Conditions 6(b) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption) in respect of 
such Notes, as the case may be, shall be the Amortised Nominal Amount (calculated as 
provided below) of such Note. 
 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Nominal Amount of any 
such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date 
discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield 
(which shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised Nominal Amount equal to the issue 
price of the Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) 
compounded annually.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
(C) 
If the Amortised Nominal Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption 
pursuant to Conditions 6(b) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption), 
6(f) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons), 6(c) (Redemption of Senior Notes upon the occurrence 
of a MREL Disqualification Event) with respect to Senior Notes or Condition 6(d) (Redemption 
of Subordinated Notes upon the occurrence of a Capital Event) with respect to Subordinated 
Notes or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10 is not paid when due, 
the Early Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due 
and payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Nominal Amount of such Note as 
defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though 
the date on which the Note becomes due and payable was the Relevant Date. The calculation 
of the Amortised Nominal Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be 
made (both before and after judgement) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls 
on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled 
Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest that 
may accrue in accordance with Condition 5(j). 
 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made on the 
basis of the Day Count Fraction as provided in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
(ii) 
Other Notes 
 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes described in 
(i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(f) (Redemption for Taxation 
Reasons), Condition 6(c) (Redemption of Senior Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL 
Disqualification Event) with respect to Senior Notes or Condition 6(d) (Redemption of 
Subordinated Notes upon the occurrence of a Capital Event) with respect to Subordinated 
Notes or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 (Events of Default) 
shall be the Final Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption. 
 
(B) 
The Optional Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes described 
in (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(b) (Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption) will be determined by the Calculation Agent on 
the following basis: 
 
 
"Optional Redemption Amount" = Y × Specified Denomination  
 
 
Where: 
 
 
"Y" means the ratio expressed as a percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
 
(f) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
 
(i) 
Redemption of Notes upon the occurrence of Withholding Tax Event 
 
 
If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application or interpretation 
of such law, becoming effective on or after the Issue Date, the Issuer would on the occasion of the 
next payment of interest due in respect of the Notes, not be able to make such payment without having 
to pay additional amounts as specified under Condition 8(b) (Taxation - Additional Amounts) below 
(a "Withholding Tax Event"), the Issuer may, at its option, on any Interest Payment Date (if the Note 
is a Floating Rate Note) or at any time (if the Note is not a Floating Rate Note) but subject (i) in the 
case of Senior Notes, to the provisions of Condition 6(i) (Additional conditions to redemption and 
purchase of Senior Notes prior to Maturity Date) and (ii) in the case of Subordinated Notes, to 
Condition 6(j) (Additional conditions to redemption and purchase of Subordinated Notes prior to 
Maturity Date) below, and, in any case, subject to having given not more than forty-five (45) nor less 
than thirty (30) days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance with 
Condition 16 (Notices), redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount 
together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption provided that the due date for 
redemption of which notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than the latest practicable date 
on which the Issuer could make payment of interest due in respect of the Notes without being required 
under Condition 8 (Taxation) to pay such additional amounts.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
(ii) 
Redemption of Notes upon the occurrence of Gross-Up Event  
 
If the Issuer would, on the next payment of interest due in respect of the Notes, be prevented by French 
law from making payment to the Noteholders or, if applicable, Couponholders of the full amounts 
then due and payable (a "Gross-Up Event"), notwithstanding the undertaking to pay additional 
amounts contained in Condition 8(b) (Taxation - Additional Amounts) below, then the Issuer shall 
forthwith give notice of such fact to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer may, at its option, subject (i) in 
the case of Senior Notes, to the provisions of Condition 6(i) (Additional conditions to redemption and 
purchase of Senior Notes prior to Maturity Date) and (ii) in the case of Subordinated Notes, to 
Condition 6(j) (Additional conditions to redemption and purchase of Subordinated Notes prior to 
Maturity Date) below, and, in any case, upon giving not less than seven (7) days' prior notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices), redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes 
then outstanding at their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set 
for redemption on (A) the latest practicable Interest Payment Date on which the Issuer could make 
payment of the full amount then due and payable in respect of the Notes, provided that if such notice 
would expire after such Interest Payment Date the date for redemption pursuant to such notice of 
Noteholders shall be the later of (i) the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment 
of the full amount then due and payable in respect of the Notes and (ii) fourteen (14) days after giving 
notice to the Fiscal Agent as aforesaid or (B) if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, at any time, 
provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder shall be given shall be the latest 
practicable date at which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount payable in respect of the 
Notes, or, if applicable, Coupons or, if that date is passed, as soon as practicable thereafter. 
 
(iii) 
Redemption of Subordinated Notes upon the occurrence of a Tax Deductibility Event 
 
For Subordinated Notes only, if by reason of any change in French law or any change in the official 
application or interpretation of such laws, in each case becoming effective on or after the Issue 
Date, the tax regime of any payments under the Subordinated Notes is modified and such 
modification results in the part of the interest payable by the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes that 
is tax deductible being reduced (a "Tax Deductibility Event"), the Issuer may at its option, subject 
to the provisions of Condition 6(j) (Additional conditions to redemption and purchase of Subordinated 
Notes prior to Maturity Date) below, at any time (in the case of Subordinated Notes other than 
Floating Rate Notes) or on any Interest Payment Date (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) but subject 
to having given not more than forty-five (45) nor less than thirty (30) calendar days’ notice to 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices), redeem 
all, but not some only, of the outstanding Subordinated Notes at their Early Redemption Amount 
together with accrued interest (if any) thereon, provided that the due date for redemption of which 
notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than the latest practicable date on which the 
Issuer could make such payment with interest payable not being impacted by the reduction in tax 
deductibility giving rise to the Tax Deductibility Event. 
 
(g) 
Purchases 
 
(i) 
Senior Notes 
 
The Issuer shall have the right at all times to (i) subscribe the Senior Notes, and (ii) purchase Senior 
Notes (provided that, in the case of Materialised Notes, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged 
Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise 
(including by tender offer) at any price subject to the applicable laws and regulations and subject to 
the provisions of Condition 6(i) (Additional conditions to redemption and purchase of Senior Notes 
prior to Maturity Date) and such purchase not occurring prior to one year from the Issue Date. All 
Senior Notes so subscribed or purchased by the Issuer may be held and resold in accordance with 
applicable laws and regulations or cancelled in accordance with (i) (Cancellation) below. 
 
(ii) 
Subordinated Notes 
 
The Issuer may purchase, on or after the fifth (5th) anniversary of the Issue Date (but subject to the 
provisions of Condition 6(j) (Additional conditions to redemption and purchase of Subordinated Notes 
prior to Maturity Date)), Subordinated Notes in the open market or otherwise at any price, subject to 
applicable laws and regulations. Subordinated Notes so purchased by the Issuer may be held and 
resold in accordance with applicable laws and regulations or cancelled in accordance with (i) 
(Cancellation) below.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
The Issuer or any agent on its behalf shall have the right at all times to purchase the Subordinated 
Notes for market making purposes provided that: (a) the prior written approval of the Relevant Regulator 
shall be obtained; and (b) the total principal amount of the Subordinated Notes in any given Series so 
purchased does not exceed the lower of (x) 10% of the initial aggregate principal amount of the 
Subordinated Notes of such Series and such any further Subordinated Notes issued under Condition 14 
(Further Issues), or (y) 3% of the total outstanding Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer from time to time 
calculated in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
 
(h) 
Cancellation 
 
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer to be cancelled, will be (but subject, in the case of Senior 
Notes, to the provisions of Condition 6(i) (Additional conditions to redemption and purchase of Senior Notes 
prior to Maturity Date) and, in the case of Subordinated Notes, to the provisions of Condition 6(j) (Additional 
conditions to redemption and purchase of Subordinated Notes prior to Maturity Date)) cancelled, in case of 
Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear 
France and, in the case of Materialised Notes, by surrendering the relevant Temporary Global Certificate or 
the Definitive Materialised Notes in question, together with all unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged 
Talons, if applicable, to the Fiscal Agent and, in each case, if so transferred or surrendered, shall, together 
with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with, in the case of Dematerialised 
Notes, all rights relating to payment of interest and other amounts relating to such Dematerialised Notes and, 
in the case of Definitive Materialised Notes, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto 
or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so cancelled or, where applicable, transferred or surrendered for 
cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall 
be discharged. 
 
(i) 
Additional conditions to redemption and purchase of Senior Notes prior to Maturity Date 
 
In the case of Senior Notes, the Issuer’s options to redeem or purchase and, as the case may be, cancel the 
Notes under Conditions 6(b) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption), 6(c) 
(Redemption upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event), 6(f)(i) (Redemption of Notes upon the 
occurrence of Withholding Tax Event), 6(f)(ii) (Redemption of Notes upon the occurrence of Gross-up Event), 
6(g)(i) (Purchases - Senior Notes) and 6(h) (Cancellation), as the case may be, are subject to such redemption, 
repurchase or cancellation (as applicable) not being prohibited by the MREL Regulations and to the Relevant 
Resolution Authority having given its prior written approval to such redemption, purchase or cancellation (as 
applicable); in this respect, Articles 77 and 78a of the CRR II provide that the Relevant Resolution Authority 
shall grant permission to a redemption or repurchase of the Senior Notes provided that either of the following 
conditions is met: 
 
(a) 
on or before such redemption or repurchase of the Senior Notes, the Issuer replaces the Senior 
Notes with own funds instruments of an equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the 
Issuer’s income capacity; or 
 
(b) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Resolution Authority that the own funds 
and eligible liabilities of the Issuer would, following such redemption or repurchase, exceed the 
requirements laid down in CRD V Package and BRRD II by a margin that the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, in agreement with the competent authority, may consider necessary; 
 
(c) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Resolution Authority that the partial or 
full replacement of the eligible liabilities with own funds instruments is necessary to ensure 
compliance with the own funds requirements laid down in CRD V Package for continuing 
authorisation. 
 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
 
"CRD V Package" means, taken together, the (i) CRD V Directive and (ii) CRR II; 
 
"CRD V" means the Directive (EU) 2013/36 of the European Parliament and of the Council on access to the 
activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 
June 2013 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013 as amended and 
supplemented by Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 20 May 2019 and 
as further amended or replaced from time to time;  
 
"CRR II" means the Regulation (EU) 2013/575 of the European Parliament and of the Council on prudential

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated June 26, 2013 and published in the Official Journal 
of the European Union on 27 June 2013, as amended and supplemented by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council dated 20 May 2019 and as further amended or replaced from time to time. 
 
(j) 
Additional conditions to redemption and purchase of Subordinated Notes prior to Maturity Date 
 
The Subordinated Notes may only be redeemed or purchased and, as the case may be, cancelled pursuant to 
Condition 6(b) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption), Condition 6(d) 
(Redemption of Subordinated Notes upon the occurrence of a Capital Event), Condition 6(f) (Redemption 
for Taxation Reasons) (i), (ii) and (iii), Condition 6(g)(ii) (Purchases - Subordinated Notes) or Condition 6(h) 
(Cancellation), as the case may be, if all of the following conditions are satisfied when such conditions are 
applicable pursuant to the below:  
 
(i) 
the Relevant Regulator has given its prior written approval to such redemption, purchase or 
cancellation (as applicable); in this respect, Article 78 of the CRR II provides that the Relevant 
Regulator shall grant permission to a redemption or repurchase of the Subordinated Notes provided 
that either of the following conditions is met: 
 
(a) 
(x) on or before such redemption or repurchase of the Subordinated Notes, the Issuer 
replaces the Subordinated Notes with own funds instruments of an equal or higher quality 
at terms that are sustainable for the Issuer’s income capacity or (y) the Issuer has demonstrated 
to the satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator that the own funds and eligible liabilities of the 
Issuer would, following such redemption or repurchase, exceed the requirements laid down 
in CRD V Package and BRRD II by a margin that the Relevant Regulator may consider 
necessary; and 
 
(b) 
no redemption or repurchase of the Subordinated Notes will be permitted before five (5) years 
after the Issue Date if: 
(1) 
in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a Capital Event, (i) the Relevant 
Regulator considers such change to be sufficiently certain and (ii) the Issuer 
demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator that the Capital Event was 
not reasonably foreseeable at the time of the issuance of the Subordinated Notes; or 
(2) 
in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a Tax Event, the Issuer demonstrates 
to the satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator that such Tax Event is material and was 
not reasonably foreseeable at the time of issuance of the Subordinated Notes; or 
(3) 
before or at the same time of the redemption or purchase of the Subordinated Notes, 
the Issuer replaces such Subordinated Notes with own funds instruments of equal or 
higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer and 
the Relevant Regulator has permitted that action on the basis of the determination that 
it would be beneficial from a prudential point of view and justified by exceptional 
circumstances; or 
(4) 
in the case of repurchase for market making purposes; and 
 
(ii) 
in the case of a redemption as a result of a Special Event, the Issuer has delivered a certificate to 
the Fiscal Agent (with copies thereof being available at the Fiscal Agent's specified office during its 
normal business hours) not less than five (5) Business Days prior to the date set for redemption that 
such Special Event has occurred or will occur no more than ninety (90) days following the date fixed 
for redemption, as the case may be. 
 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
 
"Special Event" means either a Tax Event or a Capital Event; and 
 
"Tax Event" means either a Withholding Tax Event, a Gross-up Event or a Tax Deductibility Event. 
 
7. 
Payments and Talons 
 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Dematerialised Notes shall (i) in the case of Dematerialised

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
Notes in bearer dematerialised form or administered registered form, be made by transfer to the account 
denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant Account Holders for the benefit of the holders of Notes 
and, (ii) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, to an account denominated in the 
relevant currency with a Bank designated by the relevant holder of Notes. All payments validly made to such 
Account Holders or Bank will be an effective discharge of the Issuer in respect of such payments. 
 
(b) 
Definitive Materialised Notes 
 
(i) 
Method of payment 
 
Subject as provided below, payments in a Specified Currency will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account denominated in the relevant Specified Currency, or to which the Specified Currency may be 
credited or transferred (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese Yen to a non-resident of Japan, 
shall be a non-resident account) maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of the payee, by a 
cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of 
such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is euro, shall be any country in the Euro-
zone). 
 
(ii) 
Presentation and surrender of Definitive Materialised Notes and Coupons 
 
Payments of principal in respect of Definitive Materialised Notes will (subject as provided below) be 
made in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in 
the case of partial payment of any sum due, annotation) of such Notes, and payments of interest in 
respect of Definitive Materialised Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only 
against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, annotation) of 
Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which 
expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the District 
of Columbia, its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)). 
 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form should be presented for payment together with all unmatured 
Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be 
issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon 
(or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing 
unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for 
payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against 
surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of ten (10) years after the 
Relevant Date in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become 
void under Condition 10 (Prescription)) or, if later, five (5) years from the date on which such Coupon 
would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, 
all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be 
issued in respect thereof. 
 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note in definitive form becomes due and repayable, 
unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void 
and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. 
 
If the due date for redemption of any Definitive Materialised Note is not an Interest Payment Date, 
interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment 
Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against 
presentation and surrender (if appropriate) of the relevant Definitive Materialised Note.

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
(c) 
Payments in the United States 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Notes are denominated in U.S. Dollars, payments in 
respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner 
as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the 
amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all 
such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment 
or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, 
in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
 
(d) 
Payments subject to Fiscal Laws 
 
All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives in 
any jurisdiction (whether by operation of law or agreement of the Issuer or its Agents) and the Issuer will not 
be liable for any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by such laws, regulations, directives or 
agreements, but without prejudice to Condition 8 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required 
pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the holders of Notes or 
Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents 
 
The Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent and Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and its specified 
office are listed at the end of the Base Prospectus relating to the Programme of the Notes of the Issuer. The 
Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent and the Registration Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Calculation 
Agent(s) act(s) as independent experts(s) and, in each case such, do not assume any obligation or relationship 
of agency for any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate 
the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, Registration Agent or Calculation Agent and to 
appoint other Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent(s), Registration Agent(s) or Calculation Agent(s) or additional 
Paying Agent(s), Registration Agent(s) or Calculation Agent(s), provided that the Issuer shall at all times 
maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iii) a 
Paying Agent having a specified office in at least one major European city (including Luxembourg so long 
as the Notes are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and, so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on 
any other Regulated Market of the EEA, such other city where the Notes is admitted to trading), (iv) in the 
case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, a Registration Agent and (v) such other agents as may 
be required by the rules of any other Regulated Market on which the Notes may be admitted to trading. 
 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any Materialised 
Notes denominated in U.S. Dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) above. 
 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the holders of 
Notes in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices). 
  
(f) 
Talons 
 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued in respect 
of any Materialised Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further 
Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupon that may have become void pursuant to Condition 11 
(Prescription)).

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
(g) 
Business Days for Payment 
 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business day, the holder shall not be entitled 
to payment until the next following business day, nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed 
payment. In this paragraph, "business day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) (i) in the 
case of Dematerialised Notes, on which Euroclear France is open for business or (ii) in the case of 
Materialised Notes, on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place 
of presentation, (B) in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as "Financial Centre(s)" in the relevant Final 
Terms and (C) (i) in the case of a payment in a currency other than Euro, where payment is to be made by 
transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange 
transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such 
currency or (ii) in the case of a payment in Euro, which is a TARGET Business Day. 
 
(h) 
Bank 
 
For the purpose of this Condition 8, "Bank" means a bank in the principal financial centre of the relevant 
currency or, in the case of Euro, in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET System. 
 
8. 
Taxation 
 
(a) 
Tax Exemption 
 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes 
shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within France 
or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by 
law. 
 
(b) 
Additional Amounts 
 
If French law should require that payments of interest be subject to deduction or withholding in respect of 
any present or future taxes or duties whatsoever, the Issuer will, to the fullest extent then permitted by law, 
pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders or, if applicable, the Couponholders, 
as the case may be, of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or 
deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or 
Coupon, as the case may be: 
 
(i) 
Other connection 
 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder or Couponholder who is liable to such taxes or duties 
by reason of his having some connection with France other than the mere holding of the Note or 
Coupon; or 
 
(ii) 
More than thirty (30) days after the Relevant Date 
 
in the case of Definitive Materialised Notes, more than thirty (30) days after the Relevant Date except 
to the extent that the Noteholder or Couponholder would have been entitled to such additional amounts 
on presenting it for payment on the thirtieth (30th) such day. 
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding paragraph, the Issuer or any other person making 
payments on behalf of the Issuer shall be entitled to deduct and withhold as required, and shall not be required 
to pay any additional amounts with respect to any such withholding or deduction imposed on or in respect of 
any Note, pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended 
("FATCA"), any treaty, intergovernmental agreement, law, regulation or other official guidance enacted by 
any jurisdiction implementing FATCA, or any agreement between the Issuer or any other person and the 
United States or any jurisdiction implementing FATCA. 
 
References in these Conditions to (i) "principal" shall be deemed to include any premium payable in respect 
of the Notes, all Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, 
Amortised Nominal Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 
6 (Redemption, Purchase and Options) or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) "interest" shall be deemed 
to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 5 (Interest and other 
Calculations) or any amendment or supplement to it and any additional amounts that may be payable under

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
this Condition. 
 
9. 
Events of Default 
 
There are no events of default under the Notes which would lead to an acceleration of the Notes if certain 
events occur. 
 
Neither a cancellation of the Notes, a reduction, in part or in full, of the principal amount of the Notes or any 
accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes, the conversion thereof into another security or obligation of the 
Issuer or another person, as a result of the exercise of the Bail-in and Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer, nor the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Power 
by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes, nor the opening of resolution proceedings 
(procédure de résolution) or the establishment of a moratorium under BRRD II will be an event of default or 
otherwise constitute non-performance of a contractual obligation, or entitle the Noteholders to any remedies, 
which are hereby expressly waived.  
 
However, if any judgment were issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer or if 
the Issuer were liquidated for any other reason, then the Notes would become immediately due and payable, 
subject as described in Conditions 3(a) (Status - Senior Preferred Notes), 3(b) (Status - Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes) and 3(c) (Status - Subordinated Notes). 
 
For the purposes of these Conditions:  
 
"Bail-in and Loss Absorption Power" means any power existing from time to time under any laws, 
regulations, rules or requirements in effect in France relating to the implementation of BRRD II, including 
without limitation pursuant to French decree-law No. 2015-1024 dated 20 August 2015 (Ordonnance portant 
diverses dispositions d'adaptation de la législation au droit de l'Union européenne en matière financière) (as 
amended from time to time), Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions 
and certain investment firms in the framework of a single resolution mechanism and a single resolution fund 
and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 (as amended from time to time, including by Regulation (EU) 
2019/877 dated 20 May 2019, the "SRM Regulation"), or otherwise arising under French law, and in each 
case the instructions, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which the obligations of a Regulated 
Entity (or an affiliate of such Regulated Entity) can be reduced (in part or in whole), cancelled, suspended, 
transferred, varied or otherwise modified in any way, or securities of a Regulated Entity (or an affiliate of 
such Regulated Entity) can be converted into shares, other securities, or other obligations of such Regulated 
Entity or any other person, whether in connection with the implementation of a bail-in tool following 
placement in resolution or otherwise. 
 
"Regulated Entity" means any entity referred to in Section I of Article L. 613-34 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier, which includes certain credit institutions, investment firms, and certain of their parent 
or holding companies established in France. 
 
"Relevant Resolution Authority" means the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution ("ACPR"), the 
Single Resolution Board ("SRB") established pursuant to the SRM Regulation, and/or any other authority 
entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Power from time to time 
(including the Council of the European Union and the European Commission when acting pursuant to Article 
18 of the SRM Regulation). 
 
10. 
Prescription 
 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of any amount due under the Notes and Coupons (which for this 
purpose shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within ten (10) years (in the case 
of principal) or five (5) years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
 
11. 
Representation of Noteholders 
 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 11(i) below with respect to Notes issued with a denomination of less than 
€100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency), the Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches of the relevant 
Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests in a masse (the "Masse") which will be 
governed by the provisions of Articles L.228-46 et seq. of the French Code de commerce as supplemented by this 
Condition 11.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
(a) 
Legal Personality 
 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the "Representative") 
and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders (the "Collective Decisions").  
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common rights, actions 
and benefits which may accrue with respect to the Notes. 
(b) 
Representative 
 
The names and addresses of the Representative and its alternate (if any), will be set out in the relevant Final 
Terms.  
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or duties as set 
out in the relevant Final Terms. No additional remuneration is payable in relation to any subsequent Tranche 
of any given Series. 
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, resignation or revocation of appointment of the 
Representative, such Representative will be replaced by its alternate, if any. Another Representative may 
be appointed.  
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the Representative 
and the alternate Representative (if any) at the head office of the Issuer. 
(c) 
Powers of the Representative  
 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any Collective Decision to the contrary) have the power to take 
all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common interests of the Noteholders, with the 
capacity to delegate its powers.  
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or against the 
Representative. 
(d) 
Collective Decisions 
 
Collective Decisions are adopted either in a general meeting (the "General Meeting") or by unanimous 
consent of the Noteholders following a written consultation (the "Written Unanimous Decision").  
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of each Noteholder to 
participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by the entries in the books of the relevant Account 
Holder, Issuer or Registration Agent (as the case may be) of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00 Paris 
time, on the second (2nd) business day in Paris preceding the date set for the Collective Decision. Collective 
Decisions must be published in accordance with Condition 11(h). 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, upon request, to any 
subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
(i) 
General Meetings 
 
A General Meeting may be called at any time, either by the Issuer or by the Representative. One 
or more Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth (1/30) of the principal amount of Notes 
outstanding, may address to the Issuer and the Representative a demand for a General Meeting to 
be called. If such General Meeting has not been called within two (2) months after such demand, 
the Noteholders may commission one of them to petition the competent court to appoint an agent 
(mandataire) who will call the General Meeting. 
 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the Noteholders present or 
represented hold at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. On 
second convocation, no quorum shall be required. The decisions of the General Meeting shall be 
taken by a two-third (2/3) majority of votes held by the Noteholders attending such General 
Meeting or represented thereat, except when the General Meeting deliberates on any proposal for 
a merger or demerger of the Issuer in the circumstances provided for under Articles L.236-13 and

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
L.236-18 of the French Code de commerce, in which case the decision will be taken by a simple 
majority of votes held by the Noteholders attending such General Meeting or represented thereat.  
 
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published in accordance 
with Condition 11(h) not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date of the General 
Meeting on first convocation and not less than five (5) calendar days prior to the date of the General 
Meeting on second convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy or by 
correspondence.  
Each Noteholder or representative thereof will have the right to consult or make a copy of the text 
of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports, if any, which will be presented at the 
General Meeting, all of which will be available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders at the 
registered office of the Issuer and at any other place specified in the notice of the General Meeting, 
during the fifteen (15) calendar day period preceding the holding of the General Meeting on first 
convocation, or during the five (5) calendar day period preceding the holding of the General 
Meeting on second convocation. 
(ii) 
Written Unanimous Decisions 
 
At the initiative of the Issuer or the Representative, Collective Decisions may also be taken by 
Written Unanimous Decisions.  
Such Written Unanimous Decision shall be signed by or on behalf of all the Noteholders without 
having to comply with formalities and time limits referred to in Condition 11(d)(i). Approval of a 
Written Unanimous Decision may also be given by way of electronic communication allowing the 
identification of Noteholders in accordance with Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de 
commerce ("Electronic Consent"). Any such decision shall, for all purposes, have the same effect 
as a resolution passed at a General Meeting of such Noteholders. Such Written Unanimous 
Decision may be contained in one document or in several documents in like form each signed by 
or on behalf of one or more of such Noteholders and shall be published in accordance with 
Condition 11(h). 
(iii) 
Exclusion of certain provisions of the French Code de commerce 
 
The provisions of Article L.228-65 I. 1° and 4° of the French Code de commerce and the related 
provisions of the French Code de commerce shall not apply to the Notes.  
(e) 
Expenses 
 
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operations of the Masse, including all expenses relating to 
the calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more generally, all administrative expenses resolved 
upon by Collective Decisions, it being expressly stipulated that no expenses may be imputed against interest 
payable under the Notes. 
(f) 
Single Masse 
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series which have been 
assimilated (assimilables for the purpose of French law) with the Notes of such first mentioned Series in 
accordance with Condition 13, shall, for the defence of their respective common interests, be grouped in a 
single Masse. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be 
the Representative of the single Masse of all subsequent Tranches in such Series. 
(g) 
Sole Noteholder 
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder and unless a Representative has 
been appointed in relation to such Series, such Noteholder shall exercise all powers, rights and obligations 
entrusted to the Representative and to the Noteholders acting through Collective Decisions by the 
provisions of the French Code de commerce.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
From the date of appointment of the Representative in relation to any Series, if and for so long as the Notes 
of such Series are held by a sole Noteholder, such Noteholder shall exercise all powers, rights and 
obligations entrusted to the Noteholders acting through Collective Decisions by the provisions of the French 
Code de commerce. 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the decisions taken by the sole Noteholder in this capacity and shall make 
it available, upon request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
(h) 
Notices to Noteholders 
Any notice to be given to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 12 shall be given in accordance 
with Condition 16.  
(i) 
Full Masse 
For Notes issued with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency), 
Condition 11 shall apply to the Notes subject to the following modifications: 
(i) 
The second paragraph of Condition 11(d)(i) shall be deleted and replaced by the following 
paragraph: 
"General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the Noteholders present or 
represented hold at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. On 
second convocation, no quorum shall be required. The decisions of the General Meeting shall be 
taken by a two-third (2/3) majority of votes held by the Noteholders attending such General 
Meeting or represented thereat." 
(ii) 
Condition 11(d)(iii) shall not apply to the Notes. 
(iii) 
Except if the Final Terms specify "Issue outside France" as applicable, Condition 11(e) shall be 
deleted and replaced by the following: 
"(e) Expenses 
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operations of the Masse, including all expenses 
relating to the calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more generally, all administrative 
expenses resolved upon by Collective Decisions." 
For the avoidance of doubt, in this Condition 11, the expression "outstanding" shall not include the Notes 
subscribed or purchased by the Issuer which are held by the Issuer and not cancelled in accordance with 
applicable laws and regulations as referred to in Condition 6(g). 
 
12. 
Replacement of Definitive Materialised Notes, Coupons and Talons 
 
If, in the case of any Materialised Notes, a Definitive Materialised Note, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, 
mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and Regulated 
Market regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as may from time 
to time be designated by the Issuer for this purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, 
in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such 
terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen 
or destroyed Definitive Materialised Note, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the 
case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount 
payable by the Issuer in respect of such Definitive Materialised Notes, Coupons or further Coupons) and 
otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Materialised Notes, Coupons or Talons must be 
surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
 
13. 
Further Issues 
 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, but subject to 
the prior notification of the Relevant Regulator in case of Subordinated Notes, create and issue further Notes 
to be assimilated (assimilables for the purpose of French law) with the Notes provided such Notes and the 
further Notes carry rights identical in all respects (or identical in all respects save as to the first payment of

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
interest) and that the terms of such Notes provide for such assimilation, and references in these Conditions 
to "Notes" shall be construed accordingly. 
 
14. 
Waiver of Set-off 
 
No holder of Notes may at any time exercise or claim any Waived Set-Off Rights against any right, claim or 
liability the Issuer has or may have or acquire against such holder of Notes, directly or indirectly, howsoever 
arising (and, for the avoidance of doubt, including all such rights, claims and liabilities arising under or in 
relation to any and all agreements or other instruments of any sort, whether or not relating to such Note) and 
each holder of Notes shall be deemed to have waived all Waived Set-Off Rights to the fullest extent permitted 
by applicable law in relation to all such actual and potential rights, claims and liabilities. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Condition 14 (Waiver of Set-off) is intended to provide, or shall 
be construed as acknowledging, any right of deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or 
counterclaim or that any such right is or would be available to any holder of any Note but for this Condition 14 
(Waiver of Set-off). 
 
For purposes of these Conditions, "Waived Set-Off Rights" means any and all rights of or claims of any 
holder of Notes for deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim arising directly or 
indirectly under or in connection with any Note. 
 
15. 
Notices 
 
(a) 
Notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au nominatif) shall be valid if either, (i) 
they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have been given 
on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, or (ii) they are 
published in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe or, so long as such Notes are admitted 
to trading on any Regulated Market(s), in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies 
where the Regulated Market(s) on which such Notes is/are admitted to trading, which in the case of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's Regulated Market is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort, or (iii) so long as 
such Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules of such Regulated Market so 
permit, on the website of the Regulated Market where the admission is sought, which in the case of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange is expected to be the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu). 
 
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Materialised Notes and Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) shall be 
valid if published in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe or, so long as such Notes are 
admitted to trading on any Regulated Market(s), in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the 
city/ies where the Regulated Market(s) on which such Notes is/are admitted to trading, which in the case of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange‘s Regulated Market is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort or, so long as 
such Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules of such Regulated Market so 
permit, on the website of the Regulated Market where the admission is sought, which in the case of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange is expected to be the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu). 
 
(c) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or in bearer form) 
(au porteur or au nominatif) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to 
Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Notes are for the 
time being cleared in substitution for the mailing and publication as required by Conditions 16 (a) and (b), 
above; provided that (i) so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market(s) and the 
rules of that Regulated Market so require, notices shall also be published in a leading daily newspaper with 
general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated Market(s) on which such Notes are admitted to trading, 
which in the case of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's Regulated Market is expected to be the Luxemburger 
Wort, and (ii) so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules of such 
Regulated Market so require, on the website of the Regulated Market where the admission is sought, which 
in the case of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is expected to be the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and (iii) notices relating to the convocation and decision(s) of the General 
Meetings pursuant to Condition 11 (Representation of Noteholders) shall also be published in a leading 
newspaper with general circulation in Europe. 
 
(d) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in a leading daily English 
language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any notice given by publication shall be deemed to 
have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
date of the first publication as provided above. Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice 
of the contents of any notice given to the holders of Materialised Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
 
16. 
Recognition of Bail-in and Loss Absorption 
 
(a) 
Acknowledgement 
 
Notwithstanding any other term of a given Series of Notes or any other agreement, arrangement or 
understanding between the Issuer and the Noteholders, by its acquisition of any Note, each Noteholder 
acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees: 
 
(i) to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the Bail-in and Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, which may include and result in any of the following, or some combination 
thereof: 
a. 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due (as defined below) on a permanent basis; 
b. the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due into shares, other securities or other 
obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to the Noteholder of such shares, securities 
or obligations), including by means of an amendment, modification or variation of the terms of such 
Notes, in which case the Noteholder agrees to accept in lieu of its rights under such Notes any such 
shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person; 
c. 
the cancellation of the Notes; 
d. the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount of interest 
payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes payable, including by suspending 
payment for a temporary period; and 
(ii) that the terms of the Notes are subject to, and may be varied, if necessary, to give effect to, the exercise 
of the Bail-in and Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
For purposes of this Condition, the "Amounts Due" are the outstanding principal amount of the Notes and 
any accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes. 
 
(b) 
Payment of Interest and other outstanding Amounts Due 
 
No repayment or payment of the Amounts Due will become due and payable or be paid after the exercise of 
the Bail-in and Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer unless, 
at the time such repayment or payment, respectively, is scheduled to become due, such repayment or payment 
would be permitted to be made by the Issuer under the laws and regulations in effect in France and the 
European Union applicable to the Issuer or other members of the Group. 
 
(c) 
Notice to Noteholders 
 
Upon the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with 
respect to the Notes, the Issuer will make available a written notice to the holders of such Notes in accordance 
with Condition 16 (Notices) as soon as practicable regarding such exercise of the Bail-in and Loss Absorption 
Power. The Issuer will also deliver a copy of such notice to the Fiscal Agent for informational purposes, 
although the Fiscal Agent shall not be required to send such notice to the holders of such Notes. Any delay 
or failure by the Issuer to give notice shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the measures resulting 
from the exercise of a Bail-In and Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority, nor the 
effects of such measures on the Notes as described above.  
 
(d) 
Duties of the Fiscal Agent 
 
Upon the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority, (a) the 
Fiscal Agent shall not be required to take any directions from Noteholders, and (b) the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement shall impose no duties upon the Fiscal Agent whatsoever, in each case with respect to the exercise 
of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
 
(e) 
Proration 
 
If the Relevant Resolution Authority exercises the Bail-in and Loss Absorption Power with respect to less 
than the total Amounts Due, unless the Fiscal Agent is otherwise instructed by the Issuer or the Relevant

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
Resolution Authority, any cancellation, write-off or conversion made in respect of the relevant Series of Notes 
pursuant to the Bail-in and Loss Absorption Power will be made on a pro-rata basis. 
 
(f) 
Conditions Exhaustive 
 
The matters set forth in this Condition 16 (Recognition of Bail-in and Loss Absorption) shall be exhaustive 
on the foregoing matters to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings between 
the Issuer and any holder of Notes. 
 
17. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
 
(a) 
Governing Law 
 
The Notes, Coupons and Talons are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French law. 
 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
 
Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons may, to the extent permitted 
by law, be brought before any competent court within the jurisdiction of the registered office of the Issuer.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of Notes will be used (i) for the Issuer's general corporate purposes or (ii) to finance 
and/or refinance, in whole or in part, new or existing projects from any of the eligible green loan categories (the 
"Eligible Green Loan Categories" and such Notes being "Green Bonds"), eligible social loan categories (the 
"Eligible Social Loan Categories" and such Notes being "Social Bonds") or from both the Eligible Green Loan 
Categories and the Eligible Social Loan Categories (such Notes being "Sustainability Bonds"), as described in the 
relevant Final Terms and in the Issuer's green, social and sustainability bond framework (as may be amended and 
supplemented from time to time, the "Framework"), which is available on the Issuer's website (https://www.cm-
arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/mutuel/c_37851/fr/green-social-bonds). If, in respect of any particular issue, 
there is a particular use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
The Framework further describes the above-mentioned projects and is substantially based on the Green Bond 
Principles, Social Bond Principles and Sustainability Bond Guidelines published by the International Capital 
Markets Association in their updated version or any more recent version such as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. The Framework may be further updated or expanded to reflect evolutions in market practices, regulation and 
in the Issuer's activities. The Framework describes, in addition to the eligibility criteria, the use and management of 
proceeds, the reporting and the external reviews (second party opinion and verification) applicable for the relevant 
Notes. 
 
The Issuer has appointed Vigeo Eiris to provide a second party opinion on the Framework, which is also available 
on the Issuer's website. The providers of such second party opinion and verification are independent experts. Any 
such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any 
other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. As a result, neither the Issuer nor the Dealers will be, or shall be 
deemed, liable for any issue in connection with its content. 
 
The Issuer will publish an annual report on its website detailing the allocation of the Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds and their impact until full allocation of the proceeds. 
 
Prior to any investment in Notes in which the net proceeds are to be used to finance investments included in the 
Eligible Green Loan Categories and/or the Eligible Social Loan Categories, as further specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, investors are advised to consult the Framework for further information. 
 
The use of the proceeds of any issue of Notes as described in (ii) above and the classification of such Notes as Green 
Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds will not affect (a) the status of such Notes in terms of subordination or 
regulatory treatment and (b) the application to such Notes of the loss absorption mechanism and/or, as the case may 
be, bail-in and resolution measures provided by the BRRD II. Please refer to the risk factor entitled "Risks related 
to Green Bonds, Social Bonds and/or Sustainability Bonds".

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED NOTES 
Temporary Global Certificates 
A Temporary Global Certificate without interest coupons (a "Temporary Global Certificate") will initially be 
issued in connection with each Tranche of Materialised Notes, and will be delivered on or prior to the issue date of 
the Tranche to a common depositary (the "Common Depositary") to Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and to 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream"). Upon the delivery of such Temporary Global Certificate with a 
Common Depositary, Euroclear and Clearstream will credit each subscriber to a nominal amount of Notes equal to 
the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also credit with a nominal amount of Notes the accounts of subscribers with (if 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and 
Clearstream held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, a nominal amount of Notes that is initially deposited 
with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream, 
or other clearing systems. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Materialised Notes will be exchangeable, free of charge to 
the holder, on or after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance with the 
C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see " General Description of the 
Programme"), in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Materialised Notes and 
(ii) 
otherwise, in whole but not in part upon certification if required under U.S. Treasury regulation section 1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D)(3) and any successor regulation issued under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended (the "Code") section 4701(b) containing rules identical to those currently applying under Code 
section 163(f)(2)(B) as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership (a form of which shall be available at the specified 
offices of any of the Paying Agents) for Definitive Materialised Notes. 
While any Materialised Note is represented by a Temporary Global Certificate, any payment payable in respect of 
such Materialised Note prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made only to the extent that the 
certification described in (ii) above has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certification received) to the relevant Paying 
Agent. The holder of a Temporary Global Certificate will not be entitled to collect any payment due thereon on 
or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification as described above, exchange of the Temporary Global 
Certificate for an interest in Definitive Materialised Notes is improperly refused or withheld. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Certificate may surrender such Temporary Global 
Certificate to, or to the order of, the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Temporary Global Certificate, the Issuer will 
deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive 
Materialised Notes. In this Base Prospectus, "Definitive Materialised Notes" means, in relation to any Temporary 
Global Certificate, the Definitive Materialised Notes for which such Temporary Global Certificate may be 
exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons in respect of interest that have not already been paid 
on the Temporary Global Certificate and a Talon). Definitive Materialised Notes will be security printed in 
accordance with any applicable legal and stock exchange requirement. 
Exchange Date 
"Exchange Date" means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate in respect of any Materialised Notes, the day 
falling after the expiry of forty (40) calendar days after its issue date, provided that in the event any further 
Materialised Notes which are to be consolidated (assimilées) with such first mentioned Materialised Notes are issued 
prior to such day pursuant to Condition 13(a) (Further Issues), the Exchange Date may, at the option of the Issuer, 
be postponed to the day falling after the expiry of forty (40) calendar days after the issue date of such further 
Materialised Notes. 
In the case of Materialised Notes with an initial maturity of more than three hundred sixty-five (365) calendar days 
(and that are not relying on the C Rules), the Temporary Global Certificate shall bear the following legend: 
ANY UNITED STATES PERSON (AS DEFINED IN THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS 
AMENDED) WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS UNDER THE

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX LAWS INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN 
SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287 (a) OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
DESCRIPTION OF CRÉDIT MUTUEL ARKÉA AND THE GROUP 
 
1. 
Description of the Group and its structure 
 
Crédit Mutuel Arkéa is part of the mutual and cooperative banking sector. 
 
The risks related to the disaffiliation of Crédit Mutuel Arkéa Group from Crédit Mutuel are described under "Risques 
relatifs à la désafiliation du Crédit Mutuel Arkéa de l’ensemble Crédit Mutuel" in pages 221 to 225 of the 2021 
Universal Registration Document, which are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
 
1.1. Crédit Mutuel Arkéa Group 
 
A universal bank that is open to all, Crédit Mutuel Arkéa is both a producer and distributor of its products and 
services. This positioning gives it control over the entire value-added chain thanks to the contributions of its 
specialized subsidiaries. 
 
The Group's basic unit is the local savings bank (caisse locale). Each local savings bank has a restricted area of 
operations and its capital is owned by customer shareholders in the form of shares.  
 
Crédit Mutuel Arkéa Group comprises the Crédit Mutuel de Bretagne and Crédit Mutuel du Sud-Ouest federations 
as well as approximately thirty (30) specialised subsidiaries, which enable it to cover all of the business lines in the 
banking and financial area.  
 
Crédit Mutuel Arkéa is affiliated to the Confédération Nationale du Crédit Mutuel (the "CNCM"), the central body 
of the Crédit Mutuel.  
 
With a network of 425 points of sale and the strength of its 10,716 employees, Crédit Mutuel Arkéa places openness 
and development at the heart of its business plan. Original and bold, resolutely cooperative and mutual, the Group 
controls the entire value chain of a bancassurer, from manufacturing to distribution, and affirms its strategy thanks to 
a strong and recognized technological know-how. 
 
Crédit Mutuel Arkéa has €73.8 billion in outstanding loans and €155 billion in savings outstanding as at December 
31, 2021.  
 
At its meeting of January 17, 2018, the Board of Directors of Crédit Mutuel Arkéa mandated the managers to take all 
necessary measures to enable Crédit Mutuel Arkéa to become a cooperative banking group independent from the 
Crédit Mutuel, in order to pursue its original development strategy based on three strengths: its territorial roots, its 
culture of innovation and its intermediate size. 
 
The directors of the local savings banks and the Crédit Mutuel de Bretagne, Crédit Mutuel du Sud-Ouest and Crédit 
Mutuel Massif Central federations were invited to vote in the first half of 2018, as part of an orientation vote. At the 
end of the consultation process initiated by the local savings banks of the Crédit Mutuel Arkéa group and the holding 
of Board meetings of the federations, the Crédit Mutuel Arkéa group has made official the results of the votes of the 
307 local savings banks that voted. 94.5 % of the local savings banks voted in favour of the independence project of 
Crédit Mutuel Arkéa, which will thus become a group cooperative and territorial, independent from Crédit Mutuel. 
This vote acknowledges the Crédit Mutuel Arkéa Group's intention to exit the Crédit Mutuel and allows opening a 
project to define the modalities of its disaffiliation. 
 
The Crédit Mutuel Arkéa group has begun the operational implementation of its disaffiliation. On June 29, 2018, 
Crédit Mutuel Arkéa's Board of Directors approved the main principles of the target organisational structure of the 
future independent group. Work to define exhaustive technical details of the project has been underway for several 
months and is in the process of being finalised with the supervisors. 
 
The disaffiliation operations will then be initiated in connection with the CNCM and in the limit of the powers granted 
to it by law. 
 
Following this disaffiliation, Arkéa (currently Crédit Mutuel Arkéa) would still be licensed as a cooperative bank and 
directly supervised by the ACPR and the ECB. The local savings banks would become local cooperatives that would, 
no longer, be credit institutions, retaining their status as cooperatives companies with variable capital and forming an 
union of cooperatives, Arkéa. 
 
Within the framework of the Décision de Caractère Générale (DCG) No. 1-2019, relating to the disaffiliation of the

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
Credit Mutuel banks at their request, the operational implementation of the disaffiliation of Crédit Mutuel Arkéa 
remains subject to the approval and the vote of the Boards of Directors. The local savings banks that will vote against 
the disaffiliation from Crédit Mutuel, or not wishing to participate in the vote, may not be part of this new 
organisation.Each local savings bank will be asked to vote on the implementation phase of implementation of the 
disaffiliation from Crédit Mutuel Arkéa to approve the disaffiliation project, the terms and conditions of disaffiliation 
and the filling of a request for disaffiliation by the relevant Fédération, in accordance with the DCG above. 
 
At this stage, there is no certainty as to how this dispute with the CNCM might evolve and/or when it might be 
resolved, or what impact it might have if Crédit Mutuel Arkéa were to remain part of the Crédit Mutuel group or 
become a fully independent banking group. 
 
Furthermore, Crédit Mutuel Arkéa ensures that the Group's main financial ratios comply with the regulatory limits 
set by the banking authorities. 
 
From a regulatory standpoint, Crédit Mutuel Arkéa together with the local savings banks of the Crédit Mutuel de 
Bretagne and Crédit Mutuel du Sud-Ouest federations are the Group's consolidating parent company. It is licensed 
as such by the banking and financial authorities. 
 
The credit institutions, whose financial statements are referred to herein as the consolidated financial statements, 
consist of the cooperative companies (local savings banks of the Crédit Mutuel de Bretagne and Crédit Mutuel du 
Sud-Ouest federations), the legal entity Crédit Mutuel Arkéa and its affiliates. 
 
Furthermore, on 17 February 2020, the Board of Directors of Crédit Mutuel Arkéa proposed to change the 
governance structure of the company. Thus, Crédit Mutuel Arkéa, which is a société anonyme coopérative de crédit 
à capital variable with a Board of Directors, could become a société anonyme coopérative de crédit à capital 
variable with a Management Board and a Supervisory Board. 
 
This project has been approved by the Boards of Directors of the Crédit Mutuel de Bretagne and Crédit Mutuel du 
Sud-Ouest federations. However, the CNCM refused to submit it to its supervisory body for examination. As a 
result, the project has been suspended by Credit Mutuel Arkéa, which is continuing to consider changes to its 
governance structure. 
 
1.2. The Crédit Mutuel Arkéa Group's structure 
 
In this organisation, Crédit Mutuel Arkéa is the Group's lead company. It has received a general license for the local 
savings banks of the two federations. The local savings banks do not receive individual licenses.  
 
Crédit Mutuel Arkéa also provides access to the financial markets for all Group entities.  
 
Crédit Mutuel Arkéa's federations are members of Confédération Nationale du Crédit Mutuel (CNCM), which 
represents Crédit Mutuel's various regional groups. 
 
2. 
Solidarity relations 
 
None of the local savings banks hold more than 5% of the capital of Crédit Mutuel Arkéa. 
 
Crédit Mutuel Arkéa owns approximately thirty specialized subsidiaries. 
 
2.1 Solidarity relations within Crédit Mutuel Arkéa  
 
The solidarity mechanism provided for within the Arkéa Group is an inter-federal mechanism based on Article 
R.511-3 of the French Code monétaire et financier.  
 
This text provides that the European Central Bank (the "ECB") may, on the proposal of the ACPR, for mutual and 
cooperative groups, issue a collective licence to a regional or federal fund for itself and for all the funds affiliated to 
it "when the liquidity and solvency of the local banks are guaranteed as a result of such affiliation".  
 
Crédit Mutuel Arkéa benefits from this collective approval for itself and for all the local banks that are members of 
the Crédit Mutuel de Bretagne et du Sud-Ouest federations, since ACPR and the ECB considered that this 
membership guaranteed the liquidity and solvency of the local banks.  
 
The solidarity mechanism is organised by the financial regulations contained in each of the general operating 
regulations specific to the federations of Crédit Mutuel de Bretagne and Crédit Mutuel du Sud-Ouest, and the internal

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
regulations of Crédit Mutuel Arkéa. It is binding only on the member local banks, these federations and Crédit 
Mutuel Arkéa. Furthermore, it does not create any obligations of the member local banks with regard to third parties. 
In other words, there is no passive solidarity of the members of Crédit Mutuel Arkéa with regard to third parties; 
creditors of a member local bank can only turn to that fund and not to any other or to Crédit Mutuel Arkéa 
indifferently.  
 
This solidarity mechanism is essentially reflected in the constitution, at the level of each federation, of the federal 
fund that ensures the equalisation of the results of the member local banks, in accordance with General Decision No. 
1-2020 of the CNCM. 
 
The federal fund is fed by allocations from local banks and includes the federal solidarity fund and the federal reserve 
fund.  
 
1 - The Federal Solidarity Fund ensures the equalization of the results of the member local banks by means of 
endowments and subsidies. Any local bank that has had a deficit for a period of three (3) consecutive years is subject 
to a special review. A recovery plan is set up with the departments of the federation concerned and Crédit Mutuel 
Arkéa. At the end of the recovery period set out in the plan, if the deficit is confirmed, the federation concerned, in 
consultation with Crédit Mutuel Arkéa, shall decide on the future of the local bank.  
 
2 - The Federal Reserve Fund may intervene in favour of member local banks whose net position is negative or 
whose result is negative, as well as in favour of those that have been victims of an exceptional disaster.  
 
The federation decides annually on the level of endowment to this fund. The federal reserve fund is managed by the 
federation. Requests for intervention submitted to it are examined by a Committee of administrators.  
 
Independently of this federal fund, Crédit Mutuel Arkéa may also intervene directly in the form of advances, 
subsidies or loans granted to member local banks in difficulty.  
 
In addition, Crédit Mutuel Arkéa provides support to its subsidiaries within the framework of prudential supervision 
on a consolidated basis (Articles 7 and 8 of EU Regulation 575/2013 as amended, supplemented by ad-hoc intra-
group financial agreements on the scope of liquidity), the provisions of the Monetary and Financial Code (Article 
L. 511-42 of the French Code Monétaire et Financier) as well as the supplementary supervision obligations 
described in the Order of 3 November 2014 on the supplementary supervision of financial conglomerates and 
transposing European Directive 2002/87/EC as amended. 
 
2.2 
Solidarity relations within the Crédit Mutuel 
 
2.2.1. Current context of disaffiliation  
 
The Crédit Mutuel, within the meaning of Article 511-20 of the French Code Monétaire et Financier, is governed 
by the French Code Monétaire et Financier, in particular Articles L. 511-30 to L. 511-32 of the French Code 
Monétaire et Financier relating to central bodies and Articles L. 512-55 to L. 512-59 of the French Code Monétaire 
et Financier relating to Crédit Mutuel. The membership of the regional groups (2nd level of the organisation) in 
CNCM and the Caisse centrale du Crédit Mutuel (3rd level) completes the organisation of Crédit Mutuel.  
 
As a central body, the CNCM represents the credit institutions affiliated to it at the Banque de France, the ACPR 
and the ECB. It oversees the application of the laws and regulations specific to its institutions. It exercises 
administrative, technical and financial control over the organisation and management of the affiliated Crédit Mutuel 
banks.  
 
National solidarity is set by the CNCM's General Decision No. 1-2020. Furthermore, General Decision No 2-2020 
provides for the implementation of measures in phases of proven financial difficulty or resolution within Crédit 
Mutuel as a whole.  
 
It is specified that Crédit Mutuel Arkéa has its own solidarity mechanism as defined above, which would intervene 
in the first instance and that the Arkéa group would no longer benefit from the national inter-federal solidarity 
mechanism in the event of the Arkéa group's disaffiliation from the Crédit Mutuel as described below.  
 
It is also specified that, in the context of the application of General Decision No 2-2020, Crédit Mutuel Arkéa could 
be obliged to participate in mechanisms for the prevention and management of banking crises within Crédit Mutuel.  
 
On 17 January 2018, Crédit Mutuel Arkéa's Board of Directors gave its management a mandate to take any action 
that would enable Crédit Mutuel Arkéa to become a cooperative banking group independent from the rest of Crédit

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
Mutuel, in order to pursue its original development strategy based on three strengths: its territorial roots, its culture 
of innovation and its agility. 
 
On 18 April 2018, the Boards of Directors of the Crédit Mutuel de Bretagne and Crédit Mutuel du Sud-Ouest 
federations met and officialized the results of the votes cast by the 307 local banks. 94.5% of the local banks voted 
in favour of independence for Crédit Mutuel Arkéa.  
 
The Arkéa group has begun the operational implementation of its disaffiliation. The Board of Directors of Crédit 
Mutuel Arkéa, on 29 June 2018, approved the target organisation plan for the future independent group and called 
on the local banks to give their opinion on the implementation of this plan. Work to define the detailed technical 
details of the project has been under way for several months and discussions are underway with the supervisory 
authorities.  
 
The disaffiliation operations will then be initiated in conjunction with the CNCM, within the limits of the powers 
attributed to it by law.  
 
Following this disaffiliation, Arkéa (currently Crédit Mutuel Arkéa) would still be authorised as a cooperative bank 
and supervised directly by ACPR and the ECB. The local banks would become the Local Cooperatives, which would 
no longer be credit institutions, retaining their status as cooperative companies with variable capital and forming 
between them a union of cooperatives, Arkéa, pursuant to Article 5 of Law No 47-1775 of 10 September 1947 laying 
down the status of cooperation.  
 
In addition, a cooperation pact between all the Local Cooperatives and Arkéa will be concluded for a ninety-nine 
(99) year period with a view to implementing solidarity, mutual aid and support mechanisms to promote the 
fulfillment of the Local Cooperatives' primary mission, namely to promote access to banking, financial and insurance 
services for all.  
 
Within the framework of the General Decision (DCG) n°1-2019, relating to the disaffiliation of the Crédit Mutuel 
banks at their request, the operational implementation of the disaffiliation of the Arkéa group remains subject to the 
approval and vote of the Boards of Directors of the local banks.  
 
The local banks that vote against the disaffiliation from the Crédit Mutuel group, or do not wish to participate in the 
vote, may not be part of this new organisation.  
 
Even if 94,5 % of the local banks that voted in 2018 did so in favour of independence, these results do not prejudge 
the results of the future vote on the operational implementation of this disaffiliation from the Crédit Mutuel.  
 
Each local bank will be called upon to decide on the implementation phase of the disaffiliation of the Arkéa group 
in order to approve the disaffiliation project, the terms and conditions of disaffiliation and the filing of a disaffiliation 
request by the Federation concerned, in accordance with the DCG.  
 
Local banks that choose to vote against disaffiliation may join another federal or inter-federal fund in order to benefit 
from a new collective agreement.  
 
For more information, investors should refer to "Risk factors relating to the Issuer and its activity" of the section 
entitled "Risk Factors" on page 18 of this Base Prospectus.  
 
At this stage, there is no certainty as to how this conflict with CNCM could evolve and/or the time frame in which 
it could be resolved, or the impact it could have if Crédit Mutuel Arkéa were to remain part of the Crédit Mutuel or 
become a totally autonomous banking group. 
 
2.2.2. Solidarity mechanism in force  
 
Crédit Mutuel's solidarity system aims to ensure the liquidity and solvency of all the institutions affiliated to the 
CNCM at all times in order to prevent any default. It is based on a set of rules and mechanisms put in place at the 
level of regional groups and at the confederal level.  
 
As a reminder, the solidarity between CNCM affiliates is unlimited. 
 
Provisions applicable at the level of regional groups  
 
The solidarity mechanism provided for within the Regional Federation concerned is a mechanism that is based on 
Article R.511-3 of the French Code Monétaire et Financier, independently of the statutory provisions relating to the

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
joint and several liability of the Members within the limit of the nominal value of the shares subscribed by the 
member.  
 
Each federation must set up a solidarity system between the local banks within its territorial jurisdiction.  
 
This mechanism must enable a local bank to avoid a long-term deficit and/or to ensure the recovery of a deteriorated 
situation. It ensures the equalization of the results of the member banks by means of a federal fund, through 
contributions in the form of contributions or subsidies. The contribution obligation is imposed on all funds (including 
the federal or inter-federal fund), or only on funds with positive results, depending on the regulations of the federal 
fund concerned in force. The contributions, which ensure equalization, and the subsidies must cover the losses 
recorded in the financial year and any tax deficits carried forward. The equalization grants must include the sums 
needed to pay the remuneration of the shares. Grants from the federal fund are normally repayable.  
 
Implementation of remedial measures at the level of "regional groups" as defined in the "DCG". A system reviewed 
and updated annually enables the regional group to monitor a certain number of key indicators, included in the risk 
appetite framework adopted by the CNCM's Board of Directors, and to implement the corrective measures provided 
for in the recovery plan if the indicators are exceeded.  
 
In the event of difficulty and under the control of the CNCM, a regional group may request the assistance of another 
regional group, in particular in the implementation of the recovery plan.  
 
If no regional solidarity solution has been put in place or has not restored compliance with key indicators within the 
time frame set out in the recovery plan, or if objective evidence suggests that the implementation of such solutions 
would prove insufficient, the national solidarity mechanism shall be implemented.  
 
Provisions adopted at the national level  
 
The CNCM is responsible, without limitation, for ensuring the cohesion of its network and the proper functioning 
of its affiliated institutions. To this end, it must take all necessary measures, in particular to guarantee the liquidity 
and solvency of each of these institutions as well as the entire network (Article L.511-31 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier).  
 
According to the arrangements laid down by the DCGs, the necessary interventions may be decided by the CNCM's 
Board of Directors if the mechanisms existing at the level of the regional groups prove to be insufficient to deal with 
any difficulties that a group may face. 
 
3. 
Boards of directors and executive management 
 
The business address of each member of the Board of Directors and Executive Management Committee mentioned 
below or in Section 2.2 "Le Conseil d'administration de la société Crédit Mutuel Arkéa" of the 2021 Universal 
Registration Document is the registered office of Crédit Mutuel Arkéa (1, rue Louis Lichou, 29480 Le Relecq-
Kerhuon, France).  
 
 
Please note that the shareholder’s general meeting of the Issuer held on 10 May 2022: 
- 
acknowledged the resignation of Mr. François Chatel as member of the Board of Directors and decided to 
appoint Mrs. Sophie Langouet-Pringent for a period of three (3) years; 
- 
acknowledged that the term of office of Mr. Guillaume Gloria as member of the Board of Directors was 
expiring on such date and decided to appoint Mr. Erwan Meudec for a period of three (3) years; 
- 
acknowledged that the term of office of Mrs. Sophie Violleau as member of the Board of Directors was 
expiring on such date and decided to renew it for a period of three (3) years; 
- 
acknowledged that the term of office of Mrs. Valérie Moreau as member of the Board of Directors was 
expiring on such date and decided to renew it for a period of three (3) years; 
- 
acknowledged the term resignation of Mr. Pascal Faugère as censor and decided to appoint him as member 
of the Board of Directors for a period of three (3) years; 
- 
decided to appoint Mrs. Isabelle Maury as censor for a period of three (3) years; 
- 
acknowledged that the term of office of Mrs. Anne-Gaëlle Le Bail as member of the Board of Directors 
was expiring on such date and decided to renew it for a period of three (3) years. 
 
Any situation of proven, potential, perceived or apparent conflict of interest must be brought to the attention of the 
compliance officer. To this end, the Crédit Mutuel Arkéa group has deployed a dedicated conflict of interest 
declaration form, accessible to all employees on the group’s intranet.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
For the directors of Crédit Mutuel Arkéa, two potential conflicts of interest have been identified to date:  
 
- 
Mr Julien Carmona, Chairman of the Board of Directors of Crédit Mutuel Arkéa, served as Deputy Chief 
Executive Officer within the Nexity Group until 19 May 2021;  
- 
Ms Valérie Blanchet-Lecoq could potentially find herself in a situation of conflict of interest with regard 
to her professional activities as a Lawyer and Manager of the firm Jurilor.  
 
For these two situations, specific information and supervision measures, in particular relating to abstention, have 
been taken. It should be noted that, in the case of Mr Julien Carmona, given the nature of the conflict of interest, 
the measures run for a period of two years.  
 
With regard to the effective managers, Ms Hélène Bernicot has a personal relationship with Mr François-Régis 
Bernicot, Chief Executive Officer of Suravenir, a subsidiary of Crédit Mutuel Arkéa.This conflict of interest is 
subject to specific supervision and organisational measures.  
 
A conflict of interest register is used to record sensitive activities or situations, identify conflicts of interest and the 
systems put in place to manage them. This register also makes it possible to monitor identified conflict of interest 
situations.  
 
The compliance officer is responsible for maintaining this register, identifying appropriate measures and updating 
the monitoring of conflict of interest situations.  
 
The system for preventing and managing conflicts of interest was the subject of a report by the Crédit Mutuel Arkéa 
group’s compliance function and presented to the Compliance and Permanent Control Committee and the 
Appointments Committee of Crédit Mutuel Arkéa in February 2021. 
 
4.  
Share capital and long-term debt of Crédit Mutuel Arkéa 
As at 20July 2022, the share capital of the Issuer amounts to €2,679,789,085.01 and the long-term debt of the Issuer 
amounts to €16,604,080,167.81. 
 
Updated information on the Issuer's share capital and long-term debt will be published (i) regularly on the website 
of the Issuer (https://www.cm-arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/mutuel/ecb_5024/fr/information-reglementee) 
and (ii) when the update of such information constitutes a significant new factor pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation (as described in the section "Supplement to the Base Prospectus" above), in a Supplement.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
 
The following recent press releases have been published by the Issuer: 
 
1. 
Press release dated 2 June 2022: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Press release  
 
Brest, June 2, 2022 - At Crédit Mutuel Arkéa's 2022 General Meeting, Chairman Julien Carmona shared 
with the chairmen of the local banks an update on relations with the CNCM (Confédération Nationale 
du Crédit Mutuel) and on the group's plan to defend its autonomy and preserve its business model and 
its ability to decide on and implement its own strategy.  
 
On this occasion, Julien Carmona recalled the three scenarios that Crédit Mutuel Arkéa has always 
considered in all its reflections and decisions on this issue: 
 
- 
The continuation of the status quo (marked by litigation and structural disagreement on the 
respective roles of the central body and the regional federations and groups) is not a favourable 
option, as it creates permanent legal uncertainty for Crédit Mutuel Arkéa;   
 
- 
Crédit Mutuel Arkéa's independence, through its disaffiliation from the central body, is the 
Group's preferred scenario and also forms the basis of the mandate given to the corporate 
officers. This scenario guarantees long-term respect for its model, its specificities and its 
differences; 
 
- 
If there is a possibility of a third scenario, consisting of Crédit Mutuel Arkéa obtaining real, 
complete and solidly guaranteed strategic autonomy by remaining within the Crédit Mutuel 
group, such a scenario can be considered, as it has been in the past. The failure of the many 
attempts at dialogue initiated to this end, as well as the absence to date of a serious, balanced 
and structured discussion process, make this alternative scenario a low probability. 
Nevertheless, it is advisable to leave this possibility open for the time being. 
 
Based on these observations, Crédit Mutuel Arkéa's management is determined to do everything in its 
power to speed up the outcome of this matter this autumn, in the interests of Crédit Mutuel Arkéa and 
its stakeholders (members, customers, depositors and investors, employees and local players, etc.), and 
in consultation with the various political and supervisory authorities.    
 
About the Crédit Mutuel Arkéa group 
The Crédit Mutuel Arkéa group is made up of the Crédit Mutuel de Bretagne and Sud-Ouest federations and their member local banks, as well 
as some forty specialised subsidiaries (Fortuneo, Monext, Arkéa Banque Entreprises et Institutionnels, Arkéa Investment Services, Suravenir, 
etc.). It has more than 11,000 employees, 2,800 directors, more than 5 million members and customers in banking and insurance and a balance 
sheet total of 179.3 billion euros. Crédit Mutuel Arkéa is one of the leading banking institutions based in the French regions 
Press contact: Ariane Le Berre-Lemahieu - 02 98 00 22 99 - ariane.le-berre-lemahieu@arkea.com

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
2. 
Press release dated 8 July 2022: 
 
 
 
 
  
 
Press release 
 
Crédit Mutuel Arkéa calls for discussions with the CNCM on 
governance reform to recognise and guarantee its strategic 
autonomy 
 
Brest, 8 July 2022 – Crédit Mutuel Arkéa and its central body, the CNCM, have for many years had 
profound disagreements over the governance of Crédit Mutuel, which led the elected representatives 
of the Crédit Mutuel de Bretagne and Sud-Ouest federations, united in Crédit Mutuel Arkéa, to opt in 
2018 for the project to disaffiliate from Crédit Mutuel, considering that the current governance posed a 
threat to the strategic autonomy of their group and to its entrepreneurial freedom.  
 
On 10 May 2022, at Crédit Mutuel Arkéa's General Meeting, Julien Carmona, its Chairman, shared with 
the Chairmen of the local mutuals an update on relations with the CNCM, as well as on the group's plan 
to defend its autonomy, with the aim of preserving its model as a local cooperative bank. On this 
occasion, Julien Carmona recalled the three possible scenarios for Crédit Mutuel Arkéa: 
 
- 
The continuation of the status quo is not a favourable option: it creates risks for the business 
model and compromises the implementation of Crédit Mutuel Arkéa's strategic orientations1. 
 
- 
Crédit Mutuel Arkéa's independence, through its disaffiliation from the central body, is the 
Group's preferred scenario and also forms the basis of the sole mandate given to the 
corporate officers by Crédit Mutuel Arkéa's Board of Directors on 17 January 2018, a mandate 
that was renewed on 2 July 2021. This scenario, despite the risks and uncertainties it 
presents2, ensures that the Group's model is respected over the long term. Discussions with 
the supervisory authorities on the modalities of this separation are still suspended since the 
health crisis.  
 
- 
Real, complete and solidly guaranteed strategic autonomy, remaining within the Crédit Mutuel 
group. This possibility of a third scenario can be considered, as was the case in the past (before 
20183, under different conditions).  
                                                     
 
 
 
 
1 For more details, see Risk Factor 4.1.1.3.2 - Risks relating to the affiliation of Crédit Mutuel Arkéa to the Crédit Mutuel group in the Universal 
Registration Document 2021 
2 For more details, see Risk Factor 4.1.1.3.3 Risks relating to the disaffiliation of Crédit Mutuel Arkéa from the Crédit Mutuel group 
3 
Press 
release 
of 
12 
October 
2016 
(https://www.cm-arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/upload/docs/application/pdf/2016-
10/credit_mutuel_arkea-press-release-10-12-2016_en.pdf) 
and 
21 
October 
2016 
(https://www.cm-
arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/upload/docs/application/pdf/2017-01/896989v-us-sg-credit_mutuel_arkea-communique-resultats-votes-
federations-21-octobre-2016.pdf) presenting, among other things, an alternative reform, with two central bodies within the Crédit Mutuel group.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
To date, both Crédit Mutuel Arkéa and the CNCM have begun to formulate proposals on a potential 
framework for guaranteed strategic autonomy, and have come closer together on certain points, even 
though some very important issues remain to be discussed.  
 
However, despite overtures from Crédit Mutuel Arkéa and a formal request for discussions made in a 
letter to the President of the Confederation on 10 June, and reiterated on 5 July, no structured discussion 
process has yet begun.  
 
Instead of such a discussion, the President of the Confederation presented his Board of Directors 
yesterday with two proposals that had not been discussed with Crédit Mutuel Arkéa, communicated an 
hour before the meeting, and that were not acceptable as they stood. This procedure is in no way an 
acceptable response to the dialogue proposed by Crédit Mutuel Arkéa. Nor is it appropriate for resolving 
a high-stakes conflict that has been going on for more than ten years. In this context, the strategic 
mandate given to the management of Crédit Mutuel Arkéa cannot be modified at this time. 
 
Crédit Mutuel Arkéa reiterates its willingness to enter into serious and structured discussions with the 
CNCM, in order to rebuild a Crédit Mutuel that respects pluralism and subsidiarity, while fully recognising 
the prudential role of the CNCM. If the conditions for such a discussion are met, the chairman and 
general managers of Crédit Mutuel Arkéa CMA will convene their bodies to propose a change in their 
strategic mandate, which is currently disaffiliation. 
 
About the Crédit Mutuel Arkéa group  
The Crédit Mutuel Arkéa group is made up of the Crédit Mutuel de Bretagne and Sud-Ouest federations and their member local 
banks, as well as some forty specialised subsidiaries (Fortuneo, Monext, Arkéa Banque Entreprises et Institutionnels, Arkéa 
Investment Services, Suravenir, etc.). It has more than 11,000 employees, 2,800 directors, more than 5 million members and 
customers in banking and insurance and a balance sheet total of 179.3 billion euros. Crédit Mutuel Arkéa is one of the leading 
banking institutions with regional headquarters.  
Press contact: Ariane Le Berre-Lemahieu - 02 98 00 22 99 - ariane.le-berre-lemahieu@arkea.com

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[PRIIPs REGULATION / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended 
("MiFID II"), (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution, as amended [(the "Insurance Distribution Directive")], 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 2017/1129/UE dated 14 June 2017, as amended (the 
"Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) no. 1286/2014 
(the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.]4 
UK PRIIPs REGULATION / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2017/565 of 25 April 2016 supplementing MiFID II as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement [Directive 2016/97/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 January 2016 
on insurance distribution, as amended / the Insurance Distribution Directive], where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document 
required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
[5[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines 
published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments (as amended, "MiFID II") / MiFID II]; and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market]6. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
 
                                                     
 
 
 
 
4 Legend to be included if (i) the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information document will be prepared or (ii) the 
Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" in 
Part B, item 8, should also be specified to be "Applicable". 
5 Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes taking into account the five (5) categories 
referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018.  
6 ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a programme which only envisages vanilla 
issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market placeholder. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along the following 
lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible with the needs, characteristic and objectives of 
clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]."

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA 
on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA's policy statement entitled "Brexit our approach to EU non-
legislative materials"), in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is 
only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and 
professional clients, as defined in [UK MiFIR / Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments] as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR")]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]7. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]] 8 
OR 
[9[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND 
ECPs TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of 
the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments (as amended, 
"MiFID II") / MiFID II]; EITHER 10[and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including 
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]11] OR 12[(ii) all channels 
for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels 
for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ 
and][ non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]13. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable] 
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND 
ECPs ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, 
the target market assessment, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines 
published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA's policy statement entitled "Brexit our 
approach to EU non-legislative materials"), in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market 
for the Notes is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2017/565 
                                                     
 
 
 
 
7 ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a programme which only envisages vanilla 
issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market placeholder. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along the following 
lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible with the needs, characteristic and objectives of 
clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]." 
8 Legend(s) to be included if the Notes are not intended to be sold to retail clients. 
9 Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes taking into account the five (5) categories 
referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018.   
10 Include for bonds that are not ESMA complex bonds. 
11 This list may not be necessary, especially for bonds that are not ESMA complex where all channels of distribution may be appropriate. It 
reflects the list used in the examples in the ESMA Guidelines. 
12 Include for certain ESMA complex bonds. This list may need to be amended, for example, if advised sales are deemed necessary. If there are 
advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services 
are not permitted to retail investors without the need to make the determination of appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II. 
13 ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a programme which only envisages vanilla 
issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market placeholder. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along the following 
lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible with the needs, characteristic and objectives of 
clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]."

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
of 25 April 2016 supplementing MiFID II as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") and professional clients, as defined in [UK MiFIR / Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments] as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR")]; EITHER14 
[and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio 
management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]15] OR 16[(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes 
to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and 
pure execution services][, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]17. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the 
distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].18.]] 
 
                                                     
 
 
 
 
14 Include for Notes that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS).   
15 This list may not be necessary, especially for bonds that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS) where all channels 
of distribution may be appropriate. It reflects the list used in the examples in the ESMA Guidelines.   
16 Include for certain ESMA complex bonds (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). This list may need to be amended, for example, if advised 
sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the Notes constitute 
"complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of appropriateness.   
17 ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a programme which only envisages vanilla 
issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market placeholder. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along the following 
lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible with the needs, characteristic and objectives of 
clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]."   
18 Legend(s) to be included if the Notes are intended to be sold to retail clients.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
Final Terms dated [] 
 
[LOGO, if document is printed] 
 
CRÉDIT MUTUEL ARKÉA 
Legal entity Identifier (LEI) : 96950041VJ1QP0B69503 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €13,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
 
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)] 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 22 July 2022 [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus 
dated []] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 dated 
14 June 2017, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with 
such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available 
on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. [In adition, a 
summary of the issue of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.]19 [These Final Terms[,]/[and] the Base 
Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] are available for viewing on the websites of the Issuer 
(https://www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/mutuel/ecb_5038/fr/programme-emtn) [and/or] the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).] [In addition20, the Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] 
[is] [are] available for viewing [on/at] [].]] 
 
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under 
a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.) 
 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions which are the 
[2021 EMTN Conditions] / [2020 EMTN Conditions] / [2019 EMTN Conditions] / [2018 EMTN Conditions] / 
[2017 EMTN Conditions] / [2015 EMTN Conditions] / [2014 EMTN Conditions] / [2011 EMTN Conditions] / 
[2010 EMTN Conditions] / [2007 EMTN Conditions]which are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
(as defined below). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of 
Article 8 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 dated 14 June 2017, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") and 
must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated [•] 2022 [and the supplement[s] thereto dated []], 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation, including the [2021 EMTN Conditions] / [2020 EMTN Conditions] / [2019 EMTN Conditions] / [2018 
EMTN Conditions] / [2017 EMTN Conditions] / [2016 EMTN Conditions] / [2015 EMTN Conditions] / [2014 
EMTN Conditions] / [2011 EMTN Conditions] / [2010 EMTN Conditions] / [2007 EMTN Conditions]which are 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only 
available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms, the Base Prospectus and the [2021 EMTN Conditions] 
/ [2020 EMTN Conditions] / [2019 EMTN Conditions] / [2018 EMTN Conditions] / [2017 EMTN Conditions] / 
[2016 EMTN Conditions] / [2015 EMTN Conditions] / [2014 EMTN Conditions] / [2011 EMTN Conditions] / 
                                                     
 
 
 
 
19 Not required for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000. 
20 If the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
[2010 EMTN Conditions] / [2007 EMTN Conditions]. [In addition, a summary of the issue of the Notes is annexed 
to these Final Terms.]21 These Final Terms, the Base Prospectus are available for viewing on the websites of the 
Issuer 
(https://www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/mutuel/ecb_5038/fr/programme-emtn) 
[and/or] 
the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).] [In addition, the Base Prospectus is available for viewing [on/at] 
[].]22] 
 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should remain 
as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics denote 
guidance for completing the Final Terms.) 
 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
 
[(iii) Date on which the Notes will be 
assimilated (assimilables) and form 
a single Series: 
 
 
 
The Notes will be assimilated (assimilables) and 
form a single Series [identify earlier Tranches] on 
[the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary Global 
Certificate 
for interests in the Definitive 
Materialised Notes, as referred in paragraph 23(iii) 
below, which is expected to occur on or about [] 
(the "Exchange Date").] 
2. 
Specified Currency: 
[] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes: 
[] 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [](in the case of 
Notes to be assimilated with a previous Tranche)] 
5. 
Specified Denominations: 
[]23(one denomination only for Dematerialised 
Notes) (Not less than €50,000.) 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date / (for Floating Rate Notes, CMS 
Linked Notes, Inverse Floating Rate Notes, 
Inverse CMS Linked Notes, Fixed to Floating Rate 
Notes, Fixed to CMS Linked Notes, Floating to 
Fixed Rate Notes, CMS Linked Notes to Fixed 
Rate Notes, Fixed to Fixed Rate Notes, Floating to 
Floating Rate Notes, CMS to CMS Linked Notes) 
                                                     
 
 
 
 
21 Not required for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000. 
22 If the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
23 Notes [(including Notes denominated in Sterling) in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the issuer in the United Kingdom 
or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA and] which have a maturity of less than one year must have a 
minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to the 
relevant month and year] [in the case of 
Subordinated Notes, the Maturity Date shall be at 
least five years after the Issue Date] [in the case of 
Senior Notes, the Maturity Date shall be at least 
one year after the Issue Date] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
 
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[Fixed Rate Resettable] 
[[EURIBOR or any other reference rate that 
might replace them] +/– [] per cent. Floating 
Rate] 
[Fixed/Floating Rate] 
[Fixed/CMS Linked] 
[Floating/Fixed Rate] 
[CMS Linked/Fixed Rate] 
[Fixed/Fixed Rate] 
[Floating/Floating Rate] 
[CMS Linked] 
[CMS/CMS Linked] 
[Inverse Floating Rate] 
[Inverse CMS Linked] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below) 
9. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date(s) when any interest rate 
change(s) occur(s) and/or refer to the relevant 
paragraphs 13 to 15 below and identify there and 
complete accordingly/Not Applicable]  
10. 
Redemption/ Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal 
amount 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Noteholder Put] 
[Call Option] 
[MREL Disqualification Event Call Option] 
[Capital Event Call Option] 
[Not Applicable] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
12. 
(i) Status: 
[Senior Preferred Notes / Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes / Subordinated Notes] 
 
(ii) Date of corporate authorisations for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[] (Date of the authorisation by the competent 
body of the Issuer to be inserted) 
 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions (Condition 
5(b)): 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year  
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[] per Note of [] Specified Denomination

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[] per Specified Denomination payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in / on] [•]]/ [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365 / Actual/365-FBF / Actual/Actual-
ISDA / Actual/Actual- ICMA / Actual/Actual-
FBF/ Actual/365(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 
360/360 / Bond Basis / 30/360-FBF / Actual 
30A/360 (American Bond Basis) / 30E/360 / 
Eurobond Basis / 30E/360-FBF] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Dates: 
[[] in each year]/[Not Applicable] (N.B. only 
relevant 
where 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case insert 
regular Interest Payment Dates, ignoring Issue 
Date or Maturity Date in the case of a long or short 
first or last coupon.)  
 
 
(vii) 
Fixed Rate Resettable Note 
Provisions: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable on each Specified 
Interest Payment Date in arrear 
 
 
First Margin: 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
 
Subsequent Margin: 
[[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
 
 
First Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
 
Second Reset Date: 
[[●]/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[[●] [and [●]]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate] 
 
 
Mid-Swap term: 
[●] 
 
 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[●] 
 
 
Reset Determination Date: 
[●] (specify in relation to each Reset Date) 
 
 
Relevant Time: 
[●] 
 
 
Mid-Market Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate 
[●] 
14. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions (Condition 
5(c)): 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[]  
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year[, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention set 
out in (v) below/, not subject to any adjustment, as 
the Business Day Convention in (v) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable]

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
(iii) 
Interest Period Date: 
[Not Applicable/ specify dates] 
 
(iv) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[] 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention / 
Following Business Day Convention / Modified 
Following Business Day Convention / Preceding 
Business Day Convention]/[Not Applicable]  
 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
 
[] (Specify the relevant Business Centre(s) 
applicable pursuant to Condition 5(a))/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
 
 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/FBF 
Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(ix) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the [Calculation 
Agent]): 
 
 
 
 
[] (give name and address)/[Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Applicable formula to be used for 
calculating the Rate(s) of Interest 
and/or Interest Amount(s): 
 
 
Condition 5(c)(C) formula [1/2] shall apply. 
(specify which formula set out in Condition 5(c)(C) 
shall be used for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest 
and Interest Amount(s)) 
 
– 
Relevant Time: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Primary Source : 
[Specify Relevant Screen Page or "Reference 
Banks"] 
 
 
– 
Reference Banks (if Primary Source 
is "Reference Banks"): 
 
 
[Specify four]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
(The financial centre most closely connected to the 
benchmark - specify if not Paris) 
 
 
– 
Benchmark: 
 
[Relevant Rate: specify] 
 
[Relevant Rate1: specify] 
 
[Relevant Rate2: specify]  
 
(specify Benchmark EURIBOR (or any other 
reference rate that might replace them) and months 
e.g. EURIBOR 3 months)

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
– 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [If applicable and the 
Rate 
of Interest 
is 
determined 
by 
linear 
interpolation in respect of an interest accrual 
period (as per Condition 5(c), insert the relevant 
interest accrual period(s) and the relevant two rates 
used for such determination] 
 
 
– 
Representative Amount: 
[] (Specify if screen or Reference Bank 
quotations are to be given in respect of a 
transaction of a specified notional amount) 
 
 
– 
Effective Date: 
[] (Specify if quotations are not to be obtained 
with effect from commencement of Interest Accrual 
Period) 
 
– 
Specified Duration: 
[] (Specify period for quotation if not duration of 
Interest Accrual Period) 
 
–       Minimum Relevant Rate/ Relevant 
Rate1/ Relevant Rate2: 
–       Maximum Relevant Rate/ Relevant 
Rate1/ Relevant Rate2: 
 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
(xi) 
FBF Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Applicable formula to be used for 
calculating the Rate(s) of Interest 
and/or Interest Amount(s): 
 
 
 
Condition 5(c)(A) formula [1/2] shall apply. 
(specify which formula set out in Condition 5(c)(A) 
shall be used for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest 
and Interest Amount(s)) 
 
– 
Floating Rate (Taux Variable): 
[FBF Rate: specify] 
[FBF Rate 1: specify] 
[FBF Rate2: specify]  
(specify Benchmark EURIBOR (or any other 
reference rate that might replace them) and 
months e.g. EURIBOR 3 months)  
 
(N.B. the fallback provisions applicable to FBF 
Determination under the Recueil de Taux – 
Additifs Techniques FBF as at the date of the Base 
Prospectus are reliant upon the provisions by 
reference banks of offered quotations for 
EURIBOR 
which, 
depending 
on 
market 
circumstances, may not be available at the relevant 
time)  
 
 
 
– 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [If applicable and the 
Rate 
of Interest 
is 
determined 
by 
linear 
interpolation in respect of an interest accrual 
period (as per Condition 5(c), insert the relevant 
interest accrual period(s) and the relevant two rates 
used for such determination]

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
– 
Floating Rate Determination Date 
(Date de Détermination du Taux 
Variable): 
 
 
[] 
 
–      Minimum FBF Rate/ FBF Rate1/ FBF 
Rate2: 
–       Maximum FBF Rate/ FBF Rate1/ 
FBF Rate2: 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
(xii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
Applicable formula to be used for 
calculating the Rate(s) of Interest 
and/or Interest Amount(s): 
 
 
 
Condition 5(c)(B) formula [1/2] shall apply. 
(specify which formula set out in Condition 5(c)(B) 
shall be used for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s)) 
 
– 
Floating Rate Option: 
[ISDA Rate: specify] 
[ISDA Rate1: specify] 
[ISDA Rate2: specify] 
(specify Benchmark EURIBOR (or any other reference 
rate that might replace them) and months e.g. 
EURIBOR 3 months)  
 
(N.B. the fallback provisions applicable to ISDA 
Determination under the 2006 ISDA Definitions as at 
the date of the Base Prospectus are reliant upon the 
provisions by reference banks of offered quotations for 
EURIBOR which, depending on market circumstances, 
may not be available at the relevant time)  
 
– 
Designated Maturity 
[] 
 
– 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [If applicable and the 
Rate of Interest is determined by linear interpolation in 
respect of an interest accrual period (as per Condition 
5(c), insert the relevant interest accrual period(s) and 
the relevant two rates used for such determination] 
 
– 
Reset Date: 
[] 
 
–      Minimum ISDA Rate/ ISDA Rate1/ 
ISDA Rate2: 
–      Maximum ISDA Rate/ ISDA Rate1/ 
ISDA Rate2: 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
– 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions] / [2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
(xiii) Rate Multiplier: 
[Not Applicable/ []]

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
(xiv) Margin(s): 
[+/-] [] per cent. per annum 
 
(xv) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[specify a positive interest rate] per cent. per annum / 
Zero (0) as per Condition 5(c)] 
 
(xvi) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable/[] per cent. per annum] 
 
(xvii) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365 / Actual/365-FBF / Actual/Actual-ISDA / 
Actual/Actual 
ICMA 
/ 
Actual/Actual-FBF 
/ 
Actual/365(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / 
Bond Basis / 30/360-FBF / Actual 30A/360 (American 
Bond Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360-
FBF] 
15. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, Fixed/CMS 
Linked Notes, Floating/Fixed Rate Notes, 
CMS Linked Notes/Fixed Rate Notes, 
Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes, Floating/Floating 
Rate Notes Provisions or CMS/CMS 
Linked Notes (Condition 5(g)): 
 
  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Issuer Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Automatic Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Interest Periods [preceeding the 
Switch Date or the Automatic Switch 
Date, as applicable (excluded) (If the 
Switch Date or the Automatic Switch 
Date, as applicable, falls on an 
Interest Payment Date)] / [preceding 
the Interest Period including the 
Switch Date or the Automatic Switch 
Date, as applicable / up to the end of 
the Interest Period including the 
Switch Date or the Automatic Switch 
Date, as applicable (If the Switch Date 
or the Automatic Switch Date, as 
applicable does not fall on an Interest 
Payment Date)]:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 5(b), as 
though the Note was a Fixed Rate Note]/ [Condition 
5(c), as though the Note was a Floating Rate 
Note]/[Condition 5(d), as though the Note was a CMS 
Linked Note] with further variables set out in item 
[13/14/16] of these Final Terms 
 
(iv) 
Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Interest Periods [following the Switch 
Date or the Automatic Switch Date, as 
applicable (included) (If the Switch 
Date or the Automatic Switch Date, as 
applicable, falls on an Interest 
Payment Date)] / [from the Interest 
Period including the Switch Date / 
following 
the 
Interest 
Period 
including the Switch Date or the 
Automatic Switch Date, as applicable 
(If the Switch Date or the Automatic 
Switch Date, as applicable, does not 
fall on an Interest Payment Date)]: 
 
 
 
 
 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 5(b), as 
though the Note was a Fixed Rate Note]/ [Condition 
5(c), as though the Note was a Floating Rate Note] 
/[Condition 5(d), as though the Note was a CMS 
Linked Note] with further variables set out in item 
[13/14/16] of these Final Terms 
 
(v) 
Switch Date: 
[] 
 
(vi) 
Automatic Switch Date: 
[]

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
(vii) 
Minimum notice period required for 
notice from the Issuer: 
 
[[] Business Days prior to the Switch Date] 
/[Automatic Switch Date] [Not Applicable]] 
16. 
CMS Linked Note Provisions (Condition 
5(d)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Applicable formula to be used for 
calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s): 
 
 
 
Condition 5(d) formula [A/B/C/D/E/F/G/H/I] shall 
apply 
 
(specify which formula set out in Condition 5(d) shall 
be used for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s)) 
 
(ii) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date: 
[Not Applicable/ specify dates] 
 
(v) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Business Day Convention: 
 
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
/  
Following Business Day Convention / Modified 
Following Business Day Convention / Preceding 
Business Day Convention] /[Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[●] (Specify the relevant Business Centre(s) applicable 
pursuant to Condition 5(a))/[Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the [Calculation 
Agent]): 
 
 
 
 
[●] (give name and address) /[Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
CMS Reference Rate(s): 
[CMS Rate: specify]  
[CMS Rate1: specify]  
[CMS Rate2: specify] 
 
(x)  
Relevant Time: 
[[●]/11:00 a.m. Frankfurt time [in case of EUR-ISDA-
EURIBOR Swap Rate - 11:00]] 
 
(xi) 
Interest Determination Date: 
[[●]/[TARGET] Business Days in [specify city] for 
[specify currency] prior to [the first day in each Interest 
Accrual Period/each Specified Interest Payment Date]] 
 
(xii) 
Relevant Screen Page(s): 
[●] 
 
(xiii) Applicable Rate: 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
(xiv) Rate Multiplier: 
[Not Applicable/ [●]] 
 
(xv) 
Margin: 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xvi) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable/[] per cent. per annum] 
 
(xvii) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable/[] per cent. per annum]

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
(xviii)  Minimum CMS Rate/CMS 
Rate1/CMS Rate2: 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
(xix)  Maximum CMS Rate/CMS 
Rate1/CMS Rate2: 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
(xx)  Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365 / Actual/365-FBF / Actual/Actual-ISDA / 
Actual/Actual 
ICMA 
/ 
Actual/Actual-FBF 
/ 
Actual/365(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / 
Bond Basis / 30/360-FBF / Actual 30A/360 (American 
Bond Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360-
FBF] 
17. 
Inverse Floating Rate Note and Inverse 
CMS Linked Note Provisions (Condition 
5(f)): 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) Inverse Floating Rate Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Fixed Rate: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Period(s): 
[] 
 
(iii) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
 
[] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date: 
[Not Applicable/ specify dates] 
 
(v) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[] 
 
(vi) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention / Following 
Business Day Convention / Modified Following 
Business Day Convention / Preceding Business Day 
Convention]/[Not Applicable]  
 
(vii) 
Business Centre(s) 
(Condition 5(a)): 
 
 
[] (Specify the relevant Business 
Centre(s) 
applicable 
pursuant 
to 
Condition 
5(a))/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be 
determined: 
 
 
 
[Screen Rate Determination/FBF Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(ix) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the 
[Calculation Agent]): 
 
 
 
 
 
[] (give name and address)/[Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Applicable formula to be used 
for calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s): 
 
 
 
 
Condition 5(c)(C) formula [1/2] shall apply. 
(specify which formula set out in Condition 5(c)(C) 
shall be used for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest 
and Interest Amount(s))

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
– 
Relevant Time: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Primary Source : 
[Specify Relevant Screen Page or "Reference Banks"] 
 
– 
Reference Banks (if Primary 
Source is "Reference Banks"): 
 
 
[Specify four]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
(The financial centre most closely connected to the 
benchmark - specify if not Paris) 
 
– 
Benchmark: 
 
[Relevant Rate: specify] 
 
[Relevant1 Rate: specify] 
 
[Relevant 2 Rate: specify]  
 
(specify benchmark EURIBOR or any other reference 
rate that might replace them)  
 
– 
Linear Interpolation: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [If applicable and the 
Rate of Interest is determined by linear interpolation in 
respect of an interest accrual period (as per Condition 
5(c), insert the relevant interest accrual period(s) and 
the relevant two rates used for such determination] 
 
 
– 
Representative Amount: 
 
[] (Specify if screen or Reference Bank quotations 
are to be given in respect of a transaction of a specified 
notional amount) 
 
 
– 
Effective Date: 
 
[] (Specify if quotations are not to be obtained with 
effect from commencement of Interest Accrual Period) 
 
 
– 
Specified Duration: 
 
[] (Specify period for quotation if not duration of 
Interest Accrual Period) 
 
 
– 
Minimum Relevant Rate/ 
Relevant Rate1/ Relevant 
Rate2: 
– 
Maximum Relevant Rate/ 
Relevant Rate1/ Relevant 
Rate2: 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
(xi) 
FBF Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Applicable formula to be used 
for calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s): 
 
 
 
 
Condition 5(c)(A) formula [1/2] shall apply. 
(specify which formula set out in Condition 5(c)(A) 
shall be used for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s)) 
 
– 
Floating Rate (Taux 
Variable): 
[FBF Rate: specify] 
[FBF 1 Rate: specify]

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
[FBF 2 Rate: specify]  
(specify Benchmark EURIBOR or any other rate that 
might replace them and months e.g. EURIBOR 3 
months)  
 
(N.B. the fallback provisions applicable to FBF 
Determination under the Recueil de Taux – Additifs 
Techniques FBF as at the date of the Base Prospectus 
are reliant upon the provisions by reference banks of 
offered quotations for EURIBOR which, depending on 
market circumstances, may not be available at the 
relevant time) 
 
 
– 
Linear Interpolation: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [If applicable and the 
Rate of Interest is determined by linear interpolation in 
respect of an interest accrual period (as per Condition 
5(c), insert the relevant interest accrual period(s) and 
the relevant two rates used for such determination] 
 
– 
Floating Rate Determination 
Date (Date de Détermination 
du Taux Variable): 
 
 
[] 
 
– 
Minimum FBF Rate/ FBF 
Rate1/ FBF Rate2: 
– 
Maximum FBF Rate/ FBF 
Rate1/ FBF Rate2: 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
(xii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Applicable formula to be used 
for calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s): 
 
 
 
 
Condition 5(c)(B) formula [1/2] shall apply. 
(specify which formula set out in Condition 5(c)(B) 
shall be used for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s)) 
 
– 
Floating Rate Option (Taux 
Variable): 
[ISDA Rate: specify] 
[ISDA1 Rate: specify] 
[ISDA2 Rate: specify] 
(specify Benchmark EURIBOR or any other rate that 
might replace them and months e.g. EURIBOR 3 
months)  
 
(N.B. the fallback provisions applicable to ISDA 
Determination under the 2006 ISDA Definitions as at 
the date of the Base Prospectus are reliant upon the 
provisions by reference banks of offered quotations for 
EURIBOR which, depending on market circumstances, 
may not be available at the relevant time)  
 
– 
Designated Maturity: 
[] 
 
– 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [If applicable and the 
Rate of Interest is determined by linear interpolation in 
respect of an interest accrual period (as per Condition

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
5(c), insert the relevant interest accrual period(s) and 
the relevant two rates used for such determination] 
 
– 
Reset Date: 
[] 
 
– 
Minimum ISDA Rate/ ISDA 
Rate1/ ISDA Rate2 
– 
Maximum ISDA Rate/ ISDA 
Rate1/ ISDA Rate2 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
(xiii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
 
[Not Applicable/[] per cent. per annum] 
 
 
(xiv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
 
[Not Applicable/[] per cent. per annum] 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365 / Actual/365-FBF / Actual/Actual-ISDA / 
Actual/Actual 
ICMA 
/ 
Actual/Actual-FBF 
/ 
Actual/365(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / 
Bond Basis / 30/360-FBF / Actual 30A/360 (American 
Bond Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360-
FBF] 
 
(B) Inverse CMS Linked Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Fixed Rate: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Applicable formula to be used 
for calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s): 
 
 
 
Condition 5(d) formula [A/B/C/D/E/F/G/H/I] shall 
apply. 
 
(specify which formula set out in Condition 5(d) shall 
be used for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s)) 
 
(iii) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Interest Period Date: 
[Not Applicable/ specify dates] 
 
(vi) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
/  
Following Business Day Convention / Modified 
Following Business Day Convention / Preceding 
Business Day Convention] /[Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Business Centre(s) (Condition 
5(a)): 
 
[●] (Specify the relevant Business Centre(s) applicable 
pursuant to Condition 5(a))/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the 
[Calculation Agent]): 
 
 
 
 
[●] (give name and address) /[Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
CMS Reference Rate(s): 
[CMS Rate: specify]  
[CMS Rate1 : specify]

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
[CMS Rate2 : specify  
 
(xi) 
Relevant Time: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Relevant Screen Page(s): 
[] 
 
(xiii) 
Applicable Rate: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Rate Multiplier: 
 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xv) 
Margin: 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum  
 
(xvi) 
Minimum CMS Rate/ CMS 
Rate1/ CMS Rate2: 
(xvii) 
Maximum CMS Rate/      
CMS Rate1/ CMS Rate2: 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
(xviii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable/[] per cent. per annum] 
 
(xix) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable/[] per cent. per annum] 
 
(xx) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365 / Actual/365-FBF / Actual/Actual-ISDA / 
Actual/Actual 
ICMA 
/ 
Actual/Actual-FBF 
/ 
Actual/365(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / 
Bond Basis / 30/360-FBF / Actual 30A/360 (American 
Bond Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360-
FBF] 
18. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions (Condition 
5(h)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction : 
[Actual/365 / Actual/365-FBF / Actual/Actual-ISDA / 
Actual/Actual- 
ICMA 
/ 
Actual/Actual-FBF 
/ 
Actual/365(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / 
Bond Basis / 30/360-FBF / Actual 30ª/360 (American 
Bond Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360-
FBF] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
19. 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] [in the case of Subordinated Notes, the first 
Optional Redemption Date shall be at least five years 
after the Issue Date]/[in the case of Senior Notes, the 
first Optional Redemption Date shall be at least one 
year after the Issue Date] 
 
(ii) 
Components of the formula of the 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
 
 
[Optional Redemption Amount: [] 
Y = [] per cent.] /[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(b) Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
(iv) 
Notice Period24: 
[] days 
 
20. 
MREL Disqualification Event Call 
Option: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Applicable only to 
Senior Notes) 
21. 
Capital Event Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Applicable only to 
Subordinated Notes) 
 
22. 
Early Redemption Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note payable on redemption for 
taxation reasons or an Event of 
Default: 
 
 
 
[[●] 
per 
Note 
of 
[●] 
Specified 
Denomination/Specified Denomination]  
 
 
(ii) 
Redemption for taxation reasons 
permitted on days other than Interest 
Payment Dates: 
 
 
[Yes/No] 
 
(iii) 
Unmatured Coupons to become void 
upon early redemption (only 
applicable to Materialised Notes): 
 
 
[Yes/No] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23. 
Form of Notes: 
[Dematerialised Notes/ 
Materialised Notes] (Materialised Notes are only in 
bearer form) 
(Delete as appropriate) 
 
(i) 
Form of Dematerialised Notes: 
[Not Applicable / (if Applicable specify whether bearer 
form (au porteur) / registered form (au nominatif))] 
 
(ii) 
Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/ (if applicable give name and address)] 
(Note that a Registration Agent must be appointed in 
relation to Fully Registered Dematerialised Notes only) 
 
(iii) 
Temporary Global Certificate: 
[Not 
Applicable/Temporary 
Global 
Certificate 
exchangeable for Definitive Materialised Notes on the 
"Exchange Date", being forty (40) calendar days after 
the Issue Date subject to postponement as specified in 
the Temporary Global Certificate] 
24. 
Financial Centre(s) or other special 
provisions relating to payment dates for 
the purposes of Condition 7(g): 
[Not 
Applicable/Specify 
any 
other 
applicable 
Financial Centre]. (Note that this paragraph relates to 
the date and place of payment, and not interest period 
end dates, to which sub-paragraphs 14(v), 16(vi), 
17(A)(vi) and 17(B)(vi) relate) 
                                                     
 
 
 
 
24 If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
25. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Materialised Notes (and dates 
on which such Talons mature): 
 
 
[Yes/No/Not 
Applicable] 
(Only 
applicable 
to 
Materialised Notes) 
26. 
Exclusion of the possibility to request 
identification information of Noteholders 
as provided by Condition 1(a)(i): 
 
 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
27. 
Masse (Condition 11): 
 
 
(i) 
Representative 
[(Insert name and address of the Representative)/No 
Representative has been appointed in relation to the 
Notes as at the Issue Date] 
 
(ii) 
Alternate Representative 
[Not Applicable/ (if applicable insert name and 
address of the alternate Representative)] 
 
(iii) 
Remuneration 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Issue outside France: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION  
(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information 
published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of [name of the Issuer]: 
By: ............................................ 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
(a) Listing and admission to 
trading: 
 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed 
on 
the 
Official 
List 
of 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange]/[specify other relevant regulated market] with 
effect from [].] [Application is expected to be made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on [the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and to be listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange]/[specify other relevant 
regulated market, third country market, SME Growth 
Market or MTF]] with effect from [].] [Not Applicable] 
[The [first / (specify)] Tranche(s) of the Notes are already 
listed as from [its/their respective] Issue Date.] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
[(b) Regulated Markets or 
equivalent markets on which, 
to the knowledge of the Issuer, 
securities of the same class of 
the Notes to be offered or 
admitted to trading are already 
admitted to trading: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[]/[Not Applicable] 25] 
[(ii) Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
 
[]/[Not Applicable]26] 
(iii) Additional publication of Base 
Prospectus and Final Terms: 
[●] (Please provide for additional methods of publication in 
respect of an admission to trading on a regulated market 
other than on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange.)  
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Notes have not been rated/The Notes to be issued have 
been/are expected to be rated:  
[Moody's: []] 
[Fitch: []] 
[[Other]: []] 
 
[[] [Insert credit rating agency/ies] is/are established in 
the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009, as amended by Regulation (EU) No. 
513/2011 (the "EU CRA Regulation"), and included in the 
list of registered credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
                                                     
 
 
 
 
25  
Not required for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000. 
26  
Required for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
agencies/risk) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation.] 
/ 
 
[[] [insert credit rating agency] is established in the 
European Union and has applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended by Regulation 
(EU) No. 513/2011 (the "EU CRA Regulation"), although 
notification of the corresponding registration decision has 
not yet been provided by the relevant competent authority. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from 
using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not 
issued by a credit rating agency established in the European 
Union and registered the EU CRA Regulation unless the 
rating is provided by a credit rating agency operating in the 
European Union before 7 June 2010 which has submitted an 
application for registration in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation and such registration is not refused.] / 
 
[[] [Insert credit rating agency] is not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended by Regulation 
(EU) No. 513/2011 (the "EU CRA Regulation"), but is 
endorsed by [insert credit rating agency] which is 
established in the European Union, registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation and included in the list of registered credit 
rating agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation.]/ 
[[] [Insert credit rating agency] is not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009.] 
[[] [Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] not established 
in the European Union and the rating[s] given by [] [insert 
credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] not endorsed under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as amended by Regulation 
(EU) No 513/2011 (the "EU CRA Regulation") but [is/are] 
certified under the EU CRA Regulation.] 
 
[[[The rating[s] given by [] [insert credit rating 
agency/ies] [has been/will be] endorsed by [●] in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"UK CRA Regulation")] / [[] [Insert credit rating 
agency/ies] [is/are] certified under the CRA Regulation as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").] [As 
such, the rating[s] issued by [] [insert name of relevant 
EEA CRA(s)] may be used for regulatory purposes in the 
United Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation.]]27 
 
[Insert a brief explanation of the meaning of the credit rating 
(i.e. "According to Fitch's rating system, ["A" ratings denote 
expectations of a low level of default risk relative to other 
issuers or obligations in the same country or monetary union 
and "F1" indicates the strongest capacity for timely payment 
of financial commitments relative to other issuers or 
obligations in the same country. Under the agency’s 
National Rating scale, this rating is assigned to the lowest 
default risk relative to others in the same country or 
monetary union. Where the liquidity profile is particularly

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
strong, a "+" is added to the assigned rating. / "BBB" ratings 
denote a moderate level of default risk relative to other 
issuers or obligations in the same country or monetary 
union]. According to Moody's rating system, [obligations 
rated "Aa" are judged to be of high quality and are subject 
to very low credit risk and P-1 Issuers (or supporting 
institutions) rated Prime-1 have a superior ability to repay 
short-term debt obligations / obligations rated "Baa" are 
judged to be medium-grade and subject to moderate credit 
risk and as such may possess certain speculative 
characteristics.] Moody's appends numerical modifiers 1, 2, 
and 3 to each generic rating classification from "Aa" through 
"Caa". The modifier 1 indicates that the obligation ranks in 
the higher end of its generic rating category; the modifier 2 
indicates a mid -range ranking; and the modifier 3 indicates 
a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating category].")] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that 
rating.) 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE [ISSUE/OFFER] 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the statement 
below)  
[Save for any fees payable to the [Manager(s)/Dealer(s)] and save as disclosed in the section "Subscription and 
Sale" of the Base Prospectus, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the [issue/offer] of the Notes 
has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the 
future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer and [its/their] affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] (Amend as appropriate if 
there are other interests. When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such 
matters described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER[,]/[AND] ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS [AND TOTAL EXPENSES28] 
 
(i) Reasons for the offer: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[The net proceeds of the issue of Notes will be used for 
the Issuer's general corporate purposes.] / [Other 
(specify)] / The net proceeds of the issue of Notes will 
be used by the Issuer to finance and/or refinance, in 
whole 
or 
in 
part, 
new 
or 
existing 
[green/social/sustainability] projects, as described in 
the relevant Final Terms and in the Issuer's green, 
social and sustainability bond framework (as amended 
and 
supplemented 
from 
time 
to 
time, 
the 
"Framework") which is available on the website of the 
Issuer 
(http://www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/mutu
el/ecb_5008/fr/analyste-ou-investisseur) (such Notes 
being referred to as ["Green Bonds"]/["Social 
                                                     
 
 
 
 
27 To be included only in the case of an issue for which placement in the UK is contemplated and either (i) the ratings of the notes issued by the 
EEA CRA are to be endorsed by a UK CRA or (ii) the EEA CRA issuing the ratings of the notes is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
28 Not required for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
Bonds"]/["Sustainability Bonds"]) and described 
below: 
 
[Describe specific projects included in the Eligible 
Green Loan Categories and/or Eligible Social Loan 
Categories and/or availability of second party opinion 
and any relevant third party opinions and/or where the 
information can be obtained. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the information on the 
website of the Issuer does not form part of the Final 
Terms and has not been scrutinised or approved by the 
competent authority.]]" 
 
(ii) Estimated net proceeds: 
[]/[Not Applicable]  
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will 
need to split out and present in order of priority. If 
proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses state 
amount and sources of other funding.) 
 
[(iii) Estimated total expenses: 
 
[] (Include breakdown of expenses.)]29 
 
5. 
FIXED RATE NOTES ONLY – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
6. 
FLOATING RATE NOTES OR CMS LINKED NOTES ONLY - HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
 
[Applicable] /[Not Applicable] (if not applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
Historic interest rates: 
Details of historic [EURIBOR/EUR CMS/other] rates 
can be obtained, [but not] free of charge, from 
[Reuters/[•] (give details of electronic means of 
obtaining the details of performance)]. 
Benchmarks: 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated 
by reference to [EURIBOR/EUR CMS/other] which 
is provided by [the European Money Markets 
Institute/ICE Benchmark Administration Limited]. As 
at [●], [the European Money Markets Institute/ICE 
Benchmark 
Administration 
Limited/[●]] 
[appears/does not appear] on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by [the European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 8 June 2016 as amended (the 
"Benchmarks Regulation") / the Financial Conduct 
Authority in the United Kingdom pursuant to Article 
36 of the Benchmarks Regulation as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA]. [As far as 
the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such 
that the [European Money Markets Institute/ICE 
                                                     
 
 
 
 
29 Not required for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
Benchmark Administration Limited/[●]] is not 
currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration (or, if located outside the European Union, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence).] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN Code: 
[] 
FISN Code: 
[] / [See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN] / [Not Applicable] / 
[Not Available]  
CFI Code: 
[] / [See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN] / [Not Applicable] / 
[Not Available] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required or requested, 
it/they should be specified to be "Not Applicable".) 
Common Code: 
[] 
Depositaries: 
(i) Euroclear France to act as central depositary 
(ii) Common Depositary for Euroclear Bank and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
 
 
[Yes/No] 
 
 
[Yes/No] 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
and Clearstream Banking, S.A. and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s) and 
address(es)] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of initial Paying Agent: 
 
[] 
Names and addresses of additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
 
[] 
 
 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
- 
names [and addresses30] of Managers [and 
underwriting commitments31]: 
 
 
[Not Applicable/(give names[, addresses and 
underwriting commitments]32)] 
                                                     
 
 
 
 
30 Not required for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000. 
31 Not required for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000. 
32 Not required for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
[(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and 
names and addresses of the entities agreeing to place 
the issue without a firm commitment or on a "best 
efforts" basis if such entities are not the same as the 
Managers.)33] 
 
- 
[Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[]]34 
 
- 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/(give name)] 
 
(iii)  
If non-syndicated, name [and 
address]35 of Dealer: 
 
[Not Applicable/(give name [and address])] 
 
(iv) 
[Total commission and concession36: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount] 
 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[TEFRA C/TEFRA D/ TEFRA not applicable] 
 
(vi) 
[Non-exempt Offer37: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining placeholders of this sub-paragraph (vi) 
and also paragraph 10 below) 
 
Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions: 
[France]/[Luxembourg]/[●] 
 
Offer Period: 
[Specify date] until [specify date] 
 
Financial intermediaries granted specific 
consent to use the Base Prospectus in 
accordance with the conditions in it: 
[Insert 
names 
and 
addresses 
of 
financial 
intermediaries receiving consent (specific consent)] 
 
General Consent: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable] 
 
Other Authorised Offeror Terms: 
[Not Applicable][Add here any other Authorised 
Offeror Terms] 
(Authorised Offeror Terms should only be included 
here where General Consent is Applicable)] 
 
(vi)  
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors38: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no KID will be prepared in the EEA, 
"Applicable" should be specified.) 
                                                     
 
 
 
 
33 Not required for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000. 
34 Not required for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000. 
35 Not required for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000. 
36 Not required for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000. 
37 Only applicable for Notes with a denomination per unit of less than €100,000. 
38 The expression "Retail Investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II, (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 January 2016 on 
insurance distribution, as amended (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
(vii)  Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors39: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no KID will be prepared in the UK, 
"Applicable" should be specified.) 
9. 
[TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER]40 
 
(i) 
Offer Price: 
[The Offer Price amounts to [] being the initial issue 
price of [] at which the Issuer has offered the Notes 
to the Managers, less a total commission of [].] 
(or where the price is not determined at the date of the 
Final Terms) 
[The issue price of the Notes will be determined by the 
Issuer and the Managers on or about [] in accordance 
with market conditions then prevailing, including 
[supply and demand for the Notes and other similar 
securities] [and] [the then current market price of 
[insert relevant benchmark security, if any].] 
 
(ii) 
Conditions to which the offer is 
subject: 
 
 
[Offers of the Notes are conditional [on their issue 
[only applicable to offers during the subscription 
period]] [on any additional conditions set out in the 
standard 
terms 
of 
business 
of 
the 
financial 
intermediaries, notified to investors by such relevant 
Financial Intermediaries].] 
 
(iii) 
Total amount of the issue/offer: 
 
[] (if the amount is not fixed, insert a description of 
the arrangements and time for announcing to the public 
the definitive amount of the offer.) 
 
(iv) 
Description of the application 
process: 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(v) 
Description of the possibility to 
reduce subscriptions and the manner 
for refunding excess amount paid by 
applicants: 
 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(vi) 
Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum amount of application: 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
                                                     
 
 
 
 
39The expression "Retail Investor" means a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2017/565 of 25 April 2016 supplementing MiFID II as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA"). 
40 Not required for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
(vii) 
Details of the method and time limits 
for paying up and delivering the 
Notes: 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable/The Notes will be issued on the Issue 
Date against payment to the Issuer of the net 
subscription moneys. Investors will be notified by the 
relevant financial intermediary of their allocations of 
Notes and the settlement arrangements in respect 
thereof.] 
 
(viii) Manner in and date on which results 
of the offer are to be made public: 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(ix) 
Procedure for exercise of any right of 
pre-emption, negotiability of 
subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised: 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(x) 
If the offer is being made 
simultaneously in the markets of two 
or more countries and if a tranche 
has been or is being reserved for 
certain of these, indicate any such 
tranche: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Offers may be made by the financial intermediaries 
[insert jurisdiction where the Base Prospectus has been 
approved and published and jurisdictions into which it 
has been passported] to any person. In other EEA 
countries, offers will only be made by the financial 
intermediaries pursuant to an exemption from the 
obligation under the Prospectus Regulation as 
implemented in such countries to publish a prospectus.] 
 
(xi) 
Process for notification to applicants 
of the amount allotted and indication 
whether dealing may begin before 
notification is made: 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(xii) 
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically charged to the subscriber 
or purchaser: 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] (If the Issuer is subject to 
MiFID II and/or PRIIPs such that it is required to 
disclose information relating to costs and charges, also 
include that information) 
 
(xiii) Authorised Offeror(s) in the various 
countries where the offer takes place: 
 
 
[Not Applicable / Name(s) and address(es) of the 
financial intermediary(ies) appointed by the Issuer to 
act 
as 
Authorised 
Offeror(s)/ 
Any 
financial 
intermediary which satisfies the conditions set out 
below in item "Conditions attached to the consent of 
the Issuer to use the Base Prospectus"]

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
[ANNEX – ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY] 
 
(Issuer to annex issue specific summary to the Final Terms only for Notes with a denomination of less than 
€100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency)

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 22 July 2022 
between the Issuer, the Arranger and the Permanent Dealers (the "Dealer Agreement"), the Notes will be offered 
by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its own 
behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices 
related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the 
Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued 
in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed by it. 
The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for its expenses incurred in connection with the Programme and the 
Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the Programme. The commissions in respect of an issue of 
Notes on a syndicated basis will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the 
Notes. The Dealers have agreed to indemnify the Issuer against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and 
sale of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe 
Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
 
Selling Restrictions 
 
General 
 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers in particular following a 
change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus. 
 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it 
will comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells 
or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final 
Terms and that it will obtain any consent, approval or permission required for the purchase, offer or sale of Notes 
under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it makes such purchase, offer or sale. None of 
the Issuer or any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefore. 
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that Materialised Notes may only be issued outside France. 
 
European Economic Area 
Public offer selling restriction under the Prospectus Regulation  
 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retails Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of 
the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public 
in a Member State of the EEA except that, pursuant to an exemption to publish a prospectus, it may make an offer 
of such Notes to the public in that Member State of the EEA: 
 
(i)  
if the final terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than pursuant 
to Article 1.4 of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State of the EEA (a "Non-exempt Offer"), 
following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved by the 
competent authority in that Member State of the EEA or, where appropriate, approved in another Member 
State of the EEA and notified to the competent authority in that Member State of the EEA, provided that (a) 
the Issuer has given its written consent and (b) any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the 
final terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the 
period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable;  
 
(ii)  
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined under the Prospectus Regulation;  
 
(iii)  
at any time to fewer than one hundred and fifty (150) natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors 
as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
 
(iv)  
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1.4 of the Prospectus Regulation,  
 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (ii) to (iv) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes in any 
Member State of the EEA means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes 
and the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council dated 14 June 2017, as amended. 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Applicable", 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
United States of America 
 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, and subject to certain exceptions, may 
not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons as defined under 
Regulation S. The Notes are being offered and sold outside of the United States in offshore transactions to non-U.S. 
persons in reliance on Regulation S. Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to agree, that it will not offer or sell the Notes of any identifiable Tranche within the United States. 
 
Materialised Notes having a maturity of more than one (1) year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may 
not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in 
certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder. 
 
In addition, until forty (40) calendar days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable Tranche, an 
offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes 
outside the United States. The Issuer and the Dealer(s) reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase the Notes, in 
whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in the United States. 
Distribution of this Base Prospectus to any U.S. person or to any other person within the United States is 
unauthorised and any disclosure without the prior written consent of the Issuer of any of its contents to any such 
U.S. person or other person within the United States is prohibited.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
United Kingdom 
 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For the purposes of 
this provision:  
 
(a) 
the expression "retail" investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); or  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial 
instruments as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or  
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and  
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
Other regulatory restrictions 
 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree that: 
 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one (1) year, (a) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than 
to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect 
will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Issuer; 
 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 
21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which 
Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done 
by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
 
Italy 
 
No application has been or will be made or filed by any person to obtain an authorisation from the Commissione 
Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa ("CONSOB") for the public offering (offerta al pubblico) of the Notes in the 
Republic of Italy pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of 14 June 2017 as amended (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"), Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 February 1998 as amended (the "Financial Services Act") and to 
CONSOB Regulation no. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended (the "Issuers' Regulation"). Accordingly, each Dealer 
has represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver, and has not 
distributed and will not distribute and has not made and will not make available in the Republic of Italy any Notes, 
the relevant Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Notes other than:

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
(a)  
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati) as defined in Article 2, letter e) of the Prospectus Regulation  
and by Article 34-ter, paragraph 1(b) of the Issuers' Regulation; or  
(b)  
in any other circumstances where an express exemption from compliance with the rules relating to public 
offers of financial products (offerta al pubblico di prodotti finanziari) is provided by Article 1 of the 
Prospectus Regulation.  
 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or any offering material relating to the Notes in the circumstances described 
in the preceding paragraphs (a) and (b) shall be made:  
 
(i)  
by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the Republic 
of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, Legislative Decree no. 385 of 1 September 1993 (the 
"Banking Act"), CONSOB Regulation no. 20307 of 15 February 2018, all as amended from time to time; 
and  
(ii)  
in accordance with all applicable Italian laws and regulations, including all relevant securities and tax laws 
and regulations and any limitations as may be imposed from time to time by CONSOB, the Bank of Italy 
or other Italian authorities.  
 
Any investor purchasing the Notes in the offering is solely responsible for ensuring that any offer and resale of the 
Notes it purchased in the offering occurs in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. No person resident or 
located in the Republic of Italy other than the original addressees of this Base Prospectus may rely on this Base 
Prospectus, the Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes. 
 
Japan 
 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan 
(Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended: the "FIEA"). Accordingly, each of the Dealers has represented and agreed that 
it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan 
or to or for the benefit of a resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including 
and corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan), or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or 
indirectly in Japan or to, or for the benefit of any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with the FIEA and other relevant laws, regulations and 
ministerial guidelines of Japan.  
 
The Netherlands 
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that any Notes will only be offered in The Netherlands to qualified investors (as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation). 
 
Kingdom of Spain 
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it will not make an offering of the Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms unless, the requirements of Royal 
Legislative Decree 4/2015 of 23 October 2015, approving the consolidated text of the Securities Market Law, Royal 
Decree 1310/2005, of 4 November 2005, on admission to listing and on issues and public offers of securities (as 
amended from time to time) and any other regulation and ESMA or Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores 
(the "CNMV") guidance developing them which may be in force and required therefore from time to time have been 
complied with. Otherwise no Notes will be offered, sold, delivered, marketed nor may copies of this Prospectus or 
of any other document relating to the Notes be distributed in the Kingdom of Spain, except: 
 
- 
to qualified investors (inversores cualificados), as defined in Article 39 of Royal Decree 1310/2005, of 4 
November 2005, on admission to listing and on issues and public offers of securities as amended from time 
to time and in particular as amended by Royal Decree 1698/2012, of 21 December 2012, which modifies 
the applicable laws and regulations on prospectus and transparency requirements. Individuals and small 
and medium-sized enterprises domiciled in Spain which have requested to be considered as qualified 
investors must comply with the registration requirements set forth by Article 39 of Royal Decree 
1310/2005, of 4 November 2005, on admission to listing and on issues and public offers of securities; or 
- 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 35 of 
Royal Legislative Decree 4/2015 of 23 October 2015, approving the consolidated text of the Securities 
Market Law.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
 
Except to qualified investors, any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Prospectus or 
any other document relating to the Notes in the Kingdom of Spain, even those which are exempted from the rules 
on public offerings, must be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such 
activities in the Kingdom of Spain in accordance with Royal Legislative Decree 4/2015 of 23 October 2015, 
approving the consolidated text of the Securities Market Law. In addition, each Dealer has agreed that it will comply, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the programme will be required to agree to comply where applicable, with 
all requirements under Royal Legislative Decree 4/2015 of 23 October 2015, approving the consolidated text of the 
Securities Market Law, Royal Decree 1310/2005, of 4 November 2005, Royal Decree 217/2008, of 15 February 
2008, MiFID II related rules and any ESMA or CNMV regulatory guidance in relation thereto. 
 
Any re-offer or re-sale of the Notes shall be subject to the restrictions set out herein above. 
 
Switzerland 
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to agree, that it will comply with any laws, regulations or guidelines in Switzerland from time to time, including, 
but not limited to, any regulations made by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA and/or the 
Swiss National Bank (if any) in relation to the offer, sale, delivery or transfer of the Notes or the distribution of any 
offering or marketing material in Switzerland in respect of such Notes. 
 
France 
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree that it undertakes to comply with applicable French laws and regulations in force regarding the 
offer, the placement or the sale of the Notes and the distribution in France of this Base Prospectus or any other 
offering material relating to the Notes.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1) 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the CSSF, as competent authority in Luxembourg under the 
Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval 
should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer, nor of the quality of the Notes that are the subject 
of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the 
Notes.  
 
This Base Prospectus shall be valid for admission to trading of Notes on a regulated market until 
22 July 2023, provided that it is completed by any supplement, pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, following the occurrence of a significant new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy 
relating to the information included (including incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus which may 
affect the assessment of the Notes. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a 
significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is 
no longer valid. 
 
(2) 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary corporate and other consents, approvals and authorisations in France in 
connection with the update of the Programme. Any issuance of Notes under the Programme, to the extent 
that such Notes constitute obligations under French law, requires the prior authorisation of the Board of 
Directors (Conseil d'Administration) of the Issuer, which may delegate its power to its Président or to any 
other member of the Board of Directors (Conseil d'Administration) of the Issuer, or to the Directeur Général 
of the Issuer, or to any other person. 
 
Any issuance of Notes under the Programme will, to the extent that such Notes do not constitute obligations, 
fall within the general powers of the Directeur Général of the Issuer or a Directeur Général Délégué of the 
Issuer or any other authorised official acting by delegation.  
 
(3) 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer or the 
Group since 31 December 2021. 
 
 
 
On 5 September 2019, Crédit Mutuel Arkéa signed a memorandum of understanding with the Caisse Fédérale 
de Crédit Mutuel and Crédit Mutuel Massif Central federation to define the terms of the separation of the 
Crédit Mutuel Massif Central federation, which took place on January 1st, 2020. 
 
The CET 1 ratio of the Crédit Mutuel Arkéa Group is 17% as at 31 December 2021. Common Equity Tier 1 
(CET 1) totaled €7,308 million. It increased by €563 million in 2021, which corresponds mainly to the 
incorporation of the unappropriated profit for the year and the collection of shares. 
 
(4) 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or the Group since 
31 December 2021. 
 
(5) 
Neither the Issuer nor any other member of the Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any such proceeding which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer 
is aware), during a period covering the previous twelve (12) months which may have, or have had in the 
recent past, significant effects on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer. 
 
(6) 
There are no material contracts that are not entered into the ordinary course of the Issuer's business which 
could result in any member of the Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the 
Issuer's ability to meet its obligation to Noteholders in respect of the Notes being issued.  
 
(7) 
Application may be made for Notes to be accepted for clearance through Euroclear France (66, rue de la 
Victoire, 75009 Paris, France) and/or Euroclear (1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Bruxelles, Belgique) and 
Clearstream (42, avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Luxembourg). The Common Code and the 
International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) or the identification number for any other relevant 
clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
(8) 
Deloitte & Associés, 6 place de la Pyramide, Tour Majunga Deloitte, 92800 Puteaux, France and Mazars, 61, 
rue Henri-Regnault, 92400 Courbevoie, France (both entities regulated by the Haut Conseil du Commissariat 
aux Comptes and duly authorised as Commissaires aux comptes) have audited and rendered unqualified audit 
reports on the 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements of the Issuer.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
Deloitte & Associés, 6 place de la Pyramide, Tour Majunga Deloitte, 92800 Puteaux, France and Mazars 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, 63, rue de Villiers, 92200 Neuilly-sur-Seine, France (both entities regulated by the 
Haut Conseil du Commissariat aux Comptes and duly authorised as Commissaires aux comptes) have audited 
and rendered unqualified audit reports on the 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements of the Issuer. 
 
Deloitte & Associés, Mazars and PricewaterhouseCoopers belong each to the Compagnie Régionale des 
Commissaires aux Comptes of Versailles. 
 
(9) 
This Base Prospectus (together with all supplements thereto published from time to time) and the Final Terms 
related to Notes admitted to trading on any Regulated Market of the EEA or offered to the public in a Member 
State 
of 
the 
EEA 
will 
be 
published 
on 
the 
websites 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/mutuel/ecb_5038/fr/programme-emtn) 
and/or 
of 
the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu), in each case in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation.  
 
In addition, should the Notes be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market of the EEA other than the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange or offered to the public in a Member State of the EEA other than Luxembourg, 
in each case in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, the Final Terms related to those Notes will provide 
whether this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms will be published on the website of (x) the 
Regulated Market of the Member State of the EEA where the Notes have been admitted to trading or offered 
to the public and/or (y) the competent authority of the Member State of the EEA where the Notes have been 
admitted 
to 
trading 
or 
offered 
to 
the 
public 
and/or 
(z) 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/mutuel/ecb_5038/fr/programme-emtn). 
 
(10) 
So long as Notes are capable of being issued under the Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents 
will, when published, be available during normal business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and 
public holidays excepted), at the registered office of the Issuer and the documents listed at (i), (ii), (iv) and 
(v) 
below 
will 
also 
be 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
(https://www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/mutuel/ecb_5038/fr/programme-emtn) : 
 
(i) 
the statuts of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the two most recently published universal registration documents of the Issuer (and any amendment 
or supplement thereto); 
(iii) 
the Agency Agreement (which includes the form of the Lettre Comptable, the Temporary Global 
Certificates, the Definitive Materialised Notes, the Coupons and the Talons); 
(iv) 
the Framework and second party opinion; and 
(v) 
all reports, letters and other documents, historical financial information, valuations and statements 
prepared by any expert at the relevant Issuer's request any part of which is included or referred to 
in this Base Prospectus.  
 
(11) 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and each 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
 
(12) 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of yield in respect of such Notes will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Fixed Rate Notes on the basis 
of the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date 
of the Fixed Rate Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
 
(13) 
Senior Preferred Notes to be issued under the Programme are expected to be rated A/F1 by Fitch and Aa3/P-
1 by Moody's. Senior Non-Preferred Notes to be issued under the Programme are expected to be rated A- by 
Fitch and A3 by Moody's. Subordinated Notes to be issued under the Programme are expected to be rated 
Baa1 by Moody's.  
 
As defined by Fitch, an obligation rated 'A' denotes expectations of low default risk and a high credit quality. 
A short-term obligation rated 'F1' indicates a strongest intrinsic capacity of the Issuer for timely payment of 
its financial commitments. An obligation rated 'BBB' indicate that the capacity for payment of financial 
commitments by the Issuer is considered adequate, but adverse business or economic conditions are more 
likely to impair this capacity. The ratings may be modified by the addition of a plus (+) or minus (-) sign to 
denote relative status within a major rating category.  
 
As defined by Moody's, an obligation rated 'Aa' is judged to be of high quality and subject to very low credit

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
risk. The Issuer capacity to meet its financial commitment when the short-term debt obligation is rated 'P-1' 
means a superior ability to repay short-term debt obligations. An obligation rated 'A' is judged to be upper-
medium grade and subject to low credit risk. An obligation rated 'Baa' is judged to be medium-grade and 
consequently subject to moderate credit risk and as such may possess certain speculative characteristics.  
 
The Issuer accepts no responsibility for the accuracy or reliability of the ratings. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at 
any time by the assigning credit rating agency.  
 
Fitch and Moody's are established in the European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation and 
are included in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation 
published by the ESMA on its website as of the date of this Base Prospectus41.  
 
(14) 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilising 
manager(s) (the "Stabilising Manager(s)") (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in 
the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market 
price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure 
of the Final Terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it 
must end no later than the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and 
sixty (60) calendar days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or 
over-allotment must be conducted by the Stabilising Manager(s) (or person acting on behalf of any Stabilising 
Manager) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
 
(15) 
Amounts payable under Floating Rate Notes or CMS Linked Notes will be calculated by reference to 
EURIBOR or EUR CMS which are provided by the European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI") (with 
respect to EURIBOR) and ICE Benchmark Administration Limited ("ICE") (with respect to EUR CMS) or 
other reference rates, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, EMMI 
and ICE appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the ESMA 
pursuant to Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 
June 2016 as amended (the "Benchmarks Regulation"). The relevant Final Terms will specify the 
administrator of any relevant "benchmark" used as a reference under the Floating Rate Notes or CMS Linked 
Notes and whether or not such administrator appears on the above mentioned register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation 
or in the FCA's register of administrators under Article 36 of Benchmarks Regulation as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. 
 
(16) 
The LEI number of the Issuer is 96950041VJ1QP0B69503. 
 
 
                                                     
 
 
 
 
41 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
Crédit Mutuel Arkéa accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms 
for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of its knowledge, the information contained in 
this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
 
Le Relecq Kerhuon, on 22 July 2022 
 
Crédit Mutuel Arkéa 
1, rue Louis Lichou 
29480 Le Relecq Kerhuon 
France 
Represented by: Stéphane Cadieu

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 
ISSUER 
 
Crédit Mutuel Arkéa 
1, rue Louis Lichou 
29480 Le Relecq Kerhuon 
France 
Tél. : + 33 2 98 00 22 22 
 
ARRANGER 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12 place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
 
PERMANENT DEALERS 
 
 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
Gustav Mahlerlaan 10  
1082 PP Amsterdam  
The Netherlands 
 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander - Edificio Encinar 
Avenida de Cantabria 
28660, Boadilla del Monte 
Madrid 
Spain 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
 
Crédit Mutuel Arkéa 
1, rue Louis Lichou 
29480 Le Relecq Kerhuon 
France 
DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral-
Genossenschaftsbank, Frankfurt am Main  
Platz der Republik 
D-60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Am Hauptbahnhof 2 
70173 Stuttgart 
Germany 
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
D-81925 Munich 
Germany 
 
FISCAL AGENT AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
 
BNP Paribas Securities Services 
Les Grands Moulins de Pantin 
9, rue du Débarcadère 
93500 Pantin 
France 
 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch 
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
 
Deloitte & Associés 
6 place de la Pyramide 
Tour Majunga Deloitte 
92800 Puteaux 
France 
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers 
63, rue de Villiers 
92200 Neuilly-sur-Seine 
France 
 
LEGAL ADVISER 
TO THE ISSUER 
 
LEGAL ADVISER  
TO THE PERMANENT DEALERS 
 
CMS Francis Lefebvre Avocats 
2, rue Ancelle 
92522 Neuilly-sur-Seine Cedex 
France 
 
Gide Loyrette Nouel A.A.R.P.I. 
15, rue de Laborde 
75008 Paris 
France