--- Page 1 ---
Crelan Home Loan SCF 
(formerly AXA Bank Europe SCF) 
(société de crédit foncier duly licensed as a French specialised credit institution (établissement de crédit spécialisé)) 
€11,000,000,000  
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
for the issue of obligations foncières
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this Base Prospectus (the "Base Prospectus"), Crelan Home Loan SCF 
(formerly named AXA Bank Europe SCF) (the "Issuer"), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time 
issue obligations foncières (the "Notes"), benefiting from the statutory privilège (priority right of payment) created by Article L.513-11 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), as more fully described herein (the "Privilège").  
The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed €11,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency at the date of the 
issue of such Notes). 
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplements thereto) constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8(1) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, 
as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de surveillance du secteur financier (the "CSSF"), 
in its capacity as competent authority in Luxembourg under the Luxembourg Act dated 16 July 2019 relating to prospectuses for securities, as amended 
(the "Luxembourg Prospectus Act"). Pursuant to Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Prospectus Act, by approving this prospectus, the CSSF gives no 
undertaking as to the economic and financial soundness of Notes to be issued hereunder or the quality or solvency of the Issuer. The CSSF only approves 
this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval 
should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make 
their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Application may be made to (i) the Luxembourg Stock Exchange during a period of twelve (12) months after the date of approval by the CSSF of this Base 
Prospectus for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or (ii) to the competent authority of any other member state of the European Economic Area 
("EEA") for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market (as defined below) in such member state. The regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU dated 15 
May 2014, as amended from time to time ("EU MiFID II"), appearing on the list of regulated markets (each a "Regulated Market") issued by the European 
Securities Markets Authority (the "ESMA"). Notes issued under the Programme may also be unlisted or listed and admitted to trading on any other market, 
including any other Regulated Market. The relevant final terms (a form of which is contained herein) in respect of the issue of any Notes (the "Final 
Terms") will specify whether or not such Notes will be listed and admitted to trading on any market. Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a 
Regulated Market within the EEA in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation shall have a minimum 
denomination of €1,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes) or such higher amount as may be allowed or required 
by the relevant monetary authority or any applicable laws or regulations. 
This Base Prospectus replaces and supersedes the base prospectus dated 13 February 2024 and shall be in force for a period of one (1) year as of its approval 
by the CSSF (i.e. until 7 February 2026 (included)), provided that it is completed by any supplement, pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, 
following the occurrence of a significant new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the information included (including incorporated 
by reference) in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of the Notes. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a 
significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in materialised form ("Materialised Notes") as more fully described herein. 
Dematerialised Notes will at all times be in book-entry form in compliance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier). No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be (i) in bearer form (au porteur) inscribed as from the issue date in the books of Euroclear France 
(acting as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of the Account Holders (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Form, 
Denomination, Title and Redenomination") including Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking S.A. 
("Clearstream"), or (ii) in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder (as defined in "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes - Form, Denomination, Title and Redenomination"), in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur), in which case they will be 
inscribed in an account maintained by the Issuer or by a registration agent (appointed in the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer, or in 
administered registered form (au nominatif administré) in which case they will be inscribed in the accounts of an Account Holder designated by the relevant 
Noteholder.
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form only and may only be issued outside France. A temporary global certificate in bearer form without 
interest coupons attached (a "Temporary Global Certificate") will initially be issued in relation to Materialised Notes. Such Temporary Global Certificate 
will subsequently be exchanged for definitive Materialised Notes with, where applicable, coupons for interest or talons attached (the "Definitive 
Materialised Notes"), on or after a date expected to be on or about the fortieth (40th) day after the issue date of the Notes (subject to postponement as 
described in "Temporary Global Certificate in respect of Materialised Notes") upon certification as to non-US beneficial ownership as more fully described 
herein. Temporary Global Certificates will (a) in the case of a Tranche (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") intended to be cleared through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream be deposited on the issue date with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, and (b) in the case of a Tranche 
intended to be cleared through a clearing system other than or in addition to Euroclear and/or Clearstream or delivered outside a clearing system, be 
deposited as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below).  
Notes to be issued under the Programme are expected on issue to be rated Aaa by Moody’s France S.A.S. ("Moody's"). The rating of the Notes will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Moody's is established in the European Union and is registered under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 16 September 2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation") and is included in the 
list of credit rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation). Moody's is not 
established in the United Kingdom and is not registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 as amended (the "EUWA") (the "UK CRA Regulation"). However, the rating assigned to the Notes by 
Moody’s will be endorsed by Moody's Investors Service Ltd, being a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom and included in the list of 
credit rating agencies published by the FCA on its website (https://data.fca.org.uk/#/cra/cradetails) in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. As such, 
the ratings issued by Moody's may be used for regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. A credit rating is 
not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency 
without notice. 
Notes to be issued under the Programme as from the date of this Base Prospectus, are eligible to the "European Covered Bond (Premium)" label (label 
"obligation garantie européenne de qualité supérieure"). Such eligibility has been subject to prior approval and supervision of the French Autorité de

--- Page 2 ---
contrôle prudentiel et de résolution and verification by the specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) that eligibility conditions are satisfied. However, no 
representation is made or assurance given that any Notes issued under the Programme will remain eligible to the "European Covered Bond (Premium)" 
label until their Maturity Date. Whether it is intended or not that the Notes benefit from the "European Covered Bond (Premium)" label will be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) with Notes issued before 8 July 2022 will not benefit from the "European Covered Bond 
(Premium)" label. 
See section entitled "Risk Factors" below for certain information relevant to an investment in the Notes to be issued under the Programme. 
ARRANGER 
BNP PARIBAS 
PERMANENT DEALERS
BNP PARIBAS 
HSBC 
NATIXIS 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB  
ING 
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE CORPORATE & INVESTMENT BANKING 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 7 February 2025

--- Page 3 ---
- 3 - 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplement thereto that may be published from time to 
time), constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8(1) of the Prospectus Regulation 
and contains or incorporates by reference the necessary information which is material to an 
investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, profits and losses, 
financial position, and prospects of the Issuer, the rights attaching to the Notes to be issued under 
the Programme and the reason for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer. The terms and 
conditions applicable to each Tranche not contained herein (including, without limitation, the 
aggregate nominal amount, issue price, redemption price thereof, and interest, if any, payable 
thereunder) will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of the issue on 
the basis of the then prevailing market conditions and will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with (i) any document and/or 
information which is incorporated herein by reference in accordance with Article 19 of the 
Prospectus Regulation (see section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below), (ii) any 
supplement thereto that may be published from time to time and (iii) in relation to any Tranche 
of Notes, the relevant Final Terms. Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to 
be incorporated by reference (see section "Documents incorporated by reference"), the information 
on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus 
and has not been scrutinized or approved by the competent authority. 
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplement thereto that may be published from time to 
time) may only be used for the purposes for which it has been published. 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other 
than those contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus in connection with the 
issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be 
relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealer(s). Neither 
the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any 
circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer 
since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since 
the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented 
or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time 
subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus , including any supplement thereto, any Final Terms, any 
offering materials under the Programme, and the offering or sale of Notes in certain jurisdictions 
may be restricted by law. The Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealer(s) do not represent that this 
Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or 
pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any 
such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer, the Arranger 
or the Dealer(s) which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this 
Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no 
Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances 
that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose 
possession this Base Prospectus, including any supplement thereto, any Final Terms, any offering 
materials under the Programme, may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such 
restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In 
particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale

--- Page 4 ---
- 4 - 
of Notes in the United States of America, the United Kingdom (the "UK"), the EEA (including 
Belgium and France) and Switzerland. For a description of these and certain other restrictions on 
offers, sales and transfers of Notes and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see section entitled 
"Subscription and Sale". 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other 
jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act 
("Regulation S"). The Notes may include Materialised Notes in bearer form that are subject to 
U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered or sold or, 
in the case of Materialised Notes in bearer form, delivered within the United States or, in the case 
of certain Materialised Notes in bearer form, to, or for the account or benefit of, United States 
persons as defined in the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. The Notes are being 
offered and sold outside the United States in offshore transactions to non-U.S. persons in reliance 
on Regulation S. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, 
the Arranger or the Dealer(s) to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes below. 
The Arranger and the Dealer(s) have not separately verified the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Neither the Arranger nor any of the Dealers 
makes any representation, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the 
accuracy or completeness of any of the information included or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme (including any information incorporated by reference) is intended to provide 
the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by 
any of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealer(s) that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme (including any information incorporated 
by reference) should purchase the Notes. Each prospective investor in the Notes should determine 
for itself the relevance of the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems 
necessary. Neither the Arranger nor any of the Dealers undertake to review the financial condition 
or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information that may come to 
the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger.  
The Notes issued under the Programme may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each 
potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, 
the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and sufficient knowledge in 
experience for the purpose of properly evaluating the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement to this 
Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context 
of its particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact the 
relevant Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in 
the Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or 
where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor's currency;

--- Page 5 ---
- 5 - 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour 
of any relevant indices and financial markets and with the regulatory framework 
applicable to the Issuer; 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios 
for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability 
to bear the applicable risks; and 
(vi) 
be aware, in terms of any legislation or regulatory regime applicable to such investor, of 
the applicable restrictions (if any) on its ability to invest in the Notes generally and in any 
particular type of the Notes. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased as a way 
to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to 
their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial 
instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how 
the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of such Notes 
and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or 
review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its own 
financial and legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal 
investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other 
restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their 
legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes 
under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
The tax legislation of the investor’s Member State and of the Issuer’s country of incorporation 
may have an impact on the income received from the Notes. Prospective purchasers and sellers of 
the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or documentary charges or 
duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the jurisdiction where the Notes are 
transferred or other jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax 
authorities or court decisions may be available for the Notes. Potential investors are advised to 
ask for their own tax adviser's advice on their individual taxation with respect to the acquisition, 
holding, sale and redemption of the Notes. Only these advisers are in a position to duly consider 
the specific situation of the potential investor. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche, the Dealer(s) (if any) named as the stabilisation 
manager(s) (the "Stabilisation Manager(s)") (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view 
to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise 
prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on 
behalf of a Stabilisation Manager(s)) will undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action 
may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the offer 
of the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, cease at any time, but it must end no later than the 
earlier of thirty (30) calendar days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and sixty (60) 
calendar days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or 
over-allotment shall be conducted by the Stabilisation Manager (or the person acting on behalf of 
any Stabilisation Manager) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
None of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers makes any representation to any prospective 
investor in the Notes regarding the legality of its investment under any applicable laws. If you are

--- Page 6 ---
- 6 - 
in any doubt about the contents of this Base Prospectus you should contact your advisers. 
PRIIPs – IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", such Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
EU MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97 (EU) , as amended or 
superseded, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined the Prospectus 
Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared or will be prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PRIIPs – IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", such Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been or will be prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
EU MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET - The Final Terms in respect of 
any Notes may include a legend entitled "EU MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories 
referred to in item 19 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 3 August 2023 and which channels 
for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the EU 
MiFID II Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "EU MiFID II 
Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of 
such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the EU MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not a EU MiFID II regulated entity and does not qualify 
as a distributor or manufacturer under the EU MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of 
any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes, and which channels for distribution of the Notes

--- Page 7 ---
- 7 - 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
"UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in 
respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not a UK MiFIR regulated entity and does not 
qualify as a distributor or manufacturer under the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
PRESENTATION OF CERTAIN INFORMATION IN THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references 
to "€", "Euro", "euro" or "EUR" are to the lawful currency of the member states of the European 
Union that have adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the 
European Community, as amended, references to "£", "pounds sterling" and "Sterling" are to 
the lawful currency of the United Kingdom, references to "$", "USD" and "US Dollar" are to the 
lawful currency of the United States of America, references to "¥", "JPY" and "Yen" are to the 
lawful currency of Japan and references to "CHF" and "Swiss Francs" are to the lawful currency 
of Switzerland. 
Except where specified otherwise, capitalised words and expressions in this Base Prospectus have 
the meaning given to them in the section entitled "Glossary of Defined Terms". 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus may contain certain statements that are forward-looking including 
statements with respect to the Issuer’s business strategies, expansion and growth of operations, 
trends in its business, competitive advantage, and technological and regulatory changes, 
information on exchange rate risk and generally includes all statements preceded by, followed by 
or that include the words "believe", "expect", "project", "anticipate", "seek", "estimate" or 
similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance 
and involve risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially from those in the 
forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. Potential investors are cautioned not to 
place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. These 
forward-looking statements do not constitute profit forecasts or estimates under the Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation, as amended.

--- Page 8 ---
- 8 - 
TABLE OF CONTENTS
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE
PROSPECTUS 
9
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
10
RISK FACTORS 
21
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
42
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
46
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
47
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES 
84
USE OF PROCEEDS 
86
OVERVIEW OF THE LEGISLATION AND REGULATIONS 
87
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
102
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
109
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
134
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
153
GENERAL INFORMATION 
158
GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS 
161
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
168

--- Page 9 ---
- 9 - 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
Crelan Home Loan SCF (the "Responsible Person") accepts responsibility for the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. To the best of the Responsible Person's knowledge, the 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and 
omits nothing likely to affect its import. 
Crelan Home Loan SCF 
26, rue Cambacérès
75008, Paris
France 
Duly represented by Philippe Colpin 
in its capacity as Chief Executive Officer (Directeur Général) of the Issuer 
Signed in Paris, on 7 February 2025

--- Page 10 ---
- 10 - 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME
The following general description must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus and does not purport 
to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in 
relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms. 
This section "General Description of the Programme" constitutes a general description of the Programme for the 
purposes of Article 25.1(b) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 as amended. 
It does not, and is not intended to, constitute a summary of this Base Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 
of the Prospectus Regulation, or any implementing regulation thereof.  
Words and expressions not defined below but defined in the section entitled "Glossary of Defined Terms" will have 
the same meaning when used below. 
1. THE NOTES AND THE PROGRAMME
Issuer:
Crelan Home Loan SCF (formerly Axa Bank Europe SCF), a limited liability 
company (société anonyme) incorporated under French law and duly licensed in 
France as specialised credit institution (établissement de crédit spécialisé) with 
the status of société de crédit foncier delivered by the French Autorité de contrôle 
prudentiel et de résolution (the "ACPR").  
Crelan Home Loan SCF is also duly registered by the Belgian Financial Services 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
as 
mortgage 
lender 
(prêteur 
en 
crédit 
hypothécaire/kredietgever in hypothecair krediet) and acts in Belgium on a 
freedom of services basis. 
Crelan Home Loan SCF's assets are exclusively composed of assets that are 
eligible for sociétés de crédit foncier pursuant to the French legal framework 
applicable to sociétés de crédit foncier (see "Overview of the legislation and 
regulations relating to sociétés de crédit foncier"). 
The contracts entered into by the Issuer as of the date of the Base Prospectus and 
which are material for the activities of the Issuer are further described in the 
section entitled "Material Contracts". 
Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI):
CVRWQDHDBEPUUVU2FD09 
Risk factors:
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations 
under Notes issued under the Programme. These are set out under "Risk Factors 
relating to the Issuer" and include certain factors relating to the Issuer and its 
activities.
In addition, there are certain factors which are material for the purpose of 
assessing the risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme. These are 
set out under "Risk Factors relating to the Notes" and include certain risks relating 
to the structure of particular Series of Notes, risks relating to all Series of Notes 
and risks relating to the trading market of the Notes.
Arranger:
BNP PARIBAS 
Permanent Dealers:
BNP PARIBAS
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
HSBC Continental Europe
ING Bank N.V.
Natixis
Société Générale

--- Page 11 ---
- 11 - 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any Dealer under 
the Programme or appoint additional dealers either in respect of one (1) or more 
Tranches or in respect of the whole Programme. References in this Base 
Prospectus to "Permanent Dealers" are to the person referred to above as Dealer 
and to such additional persons that may be appointed as dealers in respect of the 
whole Programme (and whose appointment has not been terminated) and 
references to "Dealers" are to all Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed as 
a dealer in respect of one or more Tranches.
Description:
Euro Medium Term Note Programme for the issue of the Notes (as described 
herein) (the "Programme"). Under the Programme, the Issuer, subject to 
compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to 
time issue obligations foncières (the "Notes"), benefiting from the statutory 
Privilège (priority right of payment) created by Article L.513-11 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), as more fully 
described herein: a further description, see "Overview of the legislation and 
regulations relating to sociétés de crédit foncier".
Label: 
Notes to be issued under the Programme are eligible to the "European Covered 
Bond (Premium)" label (label "obligation garantie européenne de qualité 
supérieure"). Such eligibility has been subject to prior approval and supervision 
of the ACPR and verification by the specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) 
that eligibility conditions are satisfied. Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) with 
Notes issued before 8 July 2022 will not benefit from the "European Covered 
Bond (Premium)" label.
Programme Limit:
Up to €11,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in any other currency at the date of 
issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time, or such 
other amount as may be agreed from time to time between the Issuer and the 
Permanent Dealers. 
Fiscal Agent and 
Principal Paying Agent:
BNP PARIBAS.
Paying Agent:
BNP PARIBAS (Euroclear France number 29106).
Luxembourg Listing 
Agent:
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch.
Calculation Agent:
BNP PARIBAS, unless the Final Terms provide otherwise.
Method of Issue:
The Notes may be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis.
The Notes will be issued in series (each a "Series") having one or more issue 
dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical save as to the first payment 
of interest), the Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable with 
all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a 
"Tranche") on the same or different issue dates.
The specific terms of each Tranche (including, without limitation, the aggregate 
nominal amount, issue price, redemption price thereof, and interest, if any, 
payable thereunder) will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
at the time of the issue and will be set out in the relevant final terms (the "Final 
Terms").
Maturity Date:
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, the Notes 
may have any maturity as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Maturity 
Date"), subject to such minimum maturity as may be required by the applicable 
legal and/or regulatory requirements.

--- Page 12 ---
- 12 - 
Extended Maturity 
Date:
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, upon the 
occurrence of any of the maturity extension trigger event(s) complying with the 
conditions set ou in Articles L. 513-2-I bis and R. 513-8-1 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) (if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms of a Series of Notes in accordance with Condition 6(a)) the Maturity 
Date of the Notes shall be extended to the date specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (the "Extended Maturity Date").
Currencies:
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, Notes 
may be issued in Euro, U.S. dollars, Japanese yen, Sterling, Swiss francs and in 
any other currency specified in the relevant Final Terms.
Denomination(s):
Notes will be issued in such denomination(s) as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s) as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, provided 
that all Notes admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in circumstances which 
require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation shall 
have a minimum denomination of €1,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency 
at the time of issue) or such higher amount as may be allowed or required from 
time to time in relation to the relevant Specified Currency. 
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one denomination only. 
Status of Notes and 
Privilège:
The principal and interest of the Notes (and where applicable any Receipts and 
Coupons) will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and privileged 
obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank pari passu and without any 
preference among themselves and equally and rateably with all other present or 
future notes (including the Notes of all other Series) and other resources raised 
by the Issuer benefiting from the Privilège (priority right of payment) created by 
Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier).
The Notes will be issued under Articles L.513-2 to L.513-27 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier). Pursuant to Article 
L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier), Noteholders benefit from the Privilège (priority right of payment) 
over all the assets and revenues of the Issuer. See "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes - Privilège" and "Overview of the legislation and regulations relating to 
sociétés de crédit foncier".
Negative Pledge:
None. There is no negative pledge in respect of the Notes.
Events of Default: 
None. The Terms and Conditions of the Notes do not contain events of default 
provisions.
Redemption Amount:
Subject to any laws and regulations applicable from time to time, the Notes will 
be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount or, in the case of Instalment 
Notes, their final Instalment Amount.
Optional Redemption:
The Final Terms issued in respect of each Tranche will state whether such Notes 
may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the option of the Issuer (either 
in whole or in part) and/or at the option of the Noteholders, and if so the terms 
applicable to such redemption among the options described in the Terms and 
Conditions (see – "Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Redemption, Purchase 
and Options").
Redemption by 
Instalments:
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes that are redeemable in 
two or more instalments will set out the dates on which, and the amounts in 
which, such Notes may be redeemed.

--- Page 13 ---
- 13 - 
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in paragraph "Optional Redemption" above, Notes will be 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to their stated maturity only for 
illegality (as provided in Condition 6 (j)). 
Interest Periods and 
Interest Rates:
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable interest rate or 
its method of calculation may differ from time to time or be constant for any 
Series. Notes may have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or 
both. The use of interest accrual periods permits the Notes to bear interest at 
different rates in the same interest period. All such information will be set out in 
the relevant Final Terms.
Additional Amounts:
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of 
the Notes shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction 
for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any 
authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. 
If any law or any agreement entered into with the IRS pursuant to FATCA or an 
intergovernmental agreement implementing FATCA should require that such 
payments be subject to deduction or withholding, the Issuer will not be required 
to pay any additional amounts in respect of any such deduction or withholding. 
Fixed Rate Notes:
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year specified 
in the relevant Final Terms.
Floating Rate Notes:
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each Series as 
follows:
(i)
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate swap 
transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by the 2013 FBF 
Master Agreement relating to transactions on forward financial instruments, 
as published by the Fédération Bancaire Française, or, as the case may be, 
an agreement incorporating either the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. ("ISDA") or 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions as published by the ISDA, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, or 
(ii) on the basis of a reference rate appearing on an agreed screen page of a 
commercial quotation service (including, without limitation, EURIBOR, 
SONIA, CMS Rate or €STR) subject to Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(5),
in each case plus or minus any applicable margin, if any, and calculated and 
payable as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. Floating Rate Notes may also 
have a maximum rate of interest, a minimum rate of interest or both.
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the minimum rate of interest, being 
the relevant rate of interest plus any relevant margin, shall be deemed to be zero.
Interest periods will be specified in the Final Terms.
Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes:
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that: 
(i)
the Issuer may elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms (the 
"Switch Date") from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating 
Rate to a Fixed Rate. The Issuer election to change of interest basis (the 
"Issuer Change of Interest Basis") should be deemed effective after a 
valid notification sent by the Issuer to the relevant Noteholders in

--- Page 14 ---
- 14 - 
accordance with Condition 13 within the period specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; or 
(ii)
will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or from 
a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate (the "Automatic Change of Interest 
Basis") on the date set out in the Final Terms (the "Automatic Switch 
Date").
Inverse Floating Notes:
Inverse Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a Fixed Rate minus a Floating 
Rate. 
Zero Coupon Notes:
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount to it 
and will not bear interest.
Redenomination:
Notes issued in the currency of any Member State of the EU which participates 
in the third stage (or any further stage) of European Monetary Union may be 
redenominated into Euro, all as more fully provided in Condition 1(d) - see 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Redenomination".
Further Issues:
Notes of one Series may be consolidated (assimilées) with Notes of another 
Series as more fully provided in Condition 12 - see "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes – Further Issues and Consolidation".
Form of Notes:
Notes may be issued in either dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or 
in materialised form ("Materialised Notes").
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be issued in bearer form 
(au porteur) or in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the 
option of the relevant holder, in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur) or
administered registered form (au nominatif administré). No physical documents 
of title will be issued in respect of Dematerialised Notes. See Condition 1 - 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Form, Denomination, Title and 
Redenomination".
Materialised Notes will be in bearer form only. A Temporary Global Certificate 
will initially be issued in respect of each Tranche of Materialised Notes. 
Materialised Notes may only be issued outside France.
Representation of 
Noteholders:
Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped 
automatically for the defence of their common interests in a masse (in each case, 
the "Masse") and the provisions of Articles L.228-46 et seq. of the French 
Commercial Code (Code de commerce) relating to the Masse, as amended and 
supplemented by the Terms and Conditions, will apply to the Noteholders.
The Masse will act in part through a representative (the "Representative") and 
in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders. The names and addresses 
of the Representative and its alternate, if any, will be set out in the relevant Final 
Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series 
of the Notes will be the representative of the single Masse of all Tranches in such 
Series. If and for so long as the Notes are held by a sole Noteholder, such 
Noteholder shall exercise all powers, rights and obligations entrusted to the 
Noteholders acting through collective decisions by the provisions of the French 
Commercial Code (Code de Commerce). 
Governing Law:
French law.
Clearing Systems:
Euroclear France as central depositary in relation to Dematerialised Notes and, 
in relation to Materialised Notes, Clearstream and Euroclear or, in any case, any 
other clearing system that may be agreed between the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and 
the relevant Dealer.

--- Page 15 ---
- 15 - 
Initial Delivery of 
Dematerialised Notes:
One (1) Paris business day before the issue date of each Tranche of 
Dematerialised Notes, the lettre comptable or, as the case may be, the application 
form relating to such Tranche shall be deposited with Euroclear France as central 
depositary.
Initial Delivery of 
Materialised Notes:
On or before the issue date for each Tranche of Materialised Notes, the Temporary 
Global Certificate issued in respect of such Tranche shall be deposited with a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream or with any other clearing 
system or may be delivered outside any clearing system provided that the method 
of such delivery has been agreed in advance by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and 
the relevant Dealer(s).
Issue Price:
The issue price will be determined in the relevant Final Terms. Notes may be 
issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or premium to their nominal 
amount, as set out in the relevant Final Terms.
Approval, listing and 
Admission to Trading:
Application has been made to the Commission de surveillance du secteur 
financier for approval of this document as a base prospectus. Application has 
been made for the Notes to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and/or any other Regulated Market in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation or on an alternative stock exchange or market, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. As specified in the relevant Final Terms, a Series of 
Notes may be unlisted. 
Use of Proceeds:
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used for financing assets 
referred to in Article L.513-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier). 
Rating:
Notes to be issued under the Programme are expected on issue to be rated Aaa by 
Moody's France S.A.S. ("Moody's"). The rating of Notes will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Moody's is established in the European 
Union and is registered under the CRA Regulation and is included in the list of 
credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation 
published on the European Securities and Markets Authority's website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation).
Moody's is not established in the United Kingdom and is not registered in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. The rating assigned to the Notes by 
Moody’s will be endorsed by Moody's Investors Service Ltd, being a credit rating 
agency established in the United Kingdom and included in the list of credit rating 
agencies 
published 
by 
the 
FCA 
on 
its 
website 
(https://data.fca.org.uk/#/cra/cradetails) in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation. As such, the ratings issued by Moody's and S&P may be used for 
regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation.
Selling Restrictions:
Notes may not be offered to retail investors in any jurisdiction of the European 
Union in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation as further detailed in "Subscription and Sale". In addition, 
there are restrictions on the offer and sale of Notes and the distribution of offering 
material in various jurisdictions (See "Subscription and Sale"). In connection 
with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche, additional selling restrictions 
may be imposed in the relevant Final Terms.
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S under the United States 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

--- Page 16 ---
- 16 - 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or 
the securities laws of any State or jurisdiction of the United States and may not 
be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a 
transaction not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The 
Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in 
reliance on Regulation S. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by Regulation S.
Materialised Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor regulation issued under the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") section 4701(b) containing rules 
identical to those applying under Code section 163(f)(2)(B)) (the "D Rules") 
unless (i) the relevant Final Terms states that such Materialised Notes are issued 
in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor 
regulation issued under Code section 4701(b) containing rules identical to those 
applying under Code section 163(f)(2)(B)) (the "C Rules") or (ii) such 
Materialised Notes are issued other than in compliance with the D Rules or the C 
Rules but in circumstances in which the Notes will not constitute "registration 
required obligations" under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal 
Responsibility Act of 1982 ("TEFRA"), which circumstances will be referred to 
in the relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable.
2. The Facility Documents
The Facility Agreement:
The proceeds from the issuance of the Notes under the Programme may be used 
by Crelan Home Loan SCF to fund Advances under the Facility Agreement to be 
made available to Crelan SA/NV in an aggregate maximum amount of 
€11,000,000,000 for the purpose of financing the general financial needs of 
Crelan SA/NV.  
The general terms and conditions regarding the calculation and the payment of 
principal and interest of any Advance under the Facility Agreement mirror, to the 
extent applicable, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. However, each 
Advance will not necessarily be financed by an issue of Notes under the 
Programme and the financial conditions of each Advance therefore will not 
necessarily mirror the financial conditions of each issue of Notes. 
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, Crelan Home Loan SCF (by itself 
or represented by the Administrator or any representative, agent or expert on its 
behalf) will, by sending an Enforcement Notice (such notice to constitute a mise 
en demeure) to Crelan SA/NV (with copy to (i) the Administrator and (ii) 
Moody’s), (x) declare that (i) no further Advances will be available under the 
Facility Agreement, and (ii) the then outstanding Advances are immediately due 
and payable and (y) enforce the rights of the Lender under the Collateral Security 
Agreements for the repayment of any sum due by Crelan SA/NV under the 
Facility Agreement and not paid by Crelan SA/NV (whether at its contractual due 
date or upon acceleration). 
See “Material Contracts – Facility Documents – Facility Agreement” for details. 
The Collateral Security 
Agreements:
The French Collateral Security Agreement and Belgian Collateral Security 
Agreement set forth the terms and conditions upon which Crelan SA/NV 
undertakes to, from time to time, pledge Eligible Collateral Assets to the benefit 
of Crelan Home Loan SCF in order to secure the payments, as they become due 
and payable, of all and any amounts owed by Crelan SA/NV under the 
Programme Documents, whether in principal, interest, as fees, as indemnities or 
as guarantees and whether present or future (i.e. the Secured Liabilities).

--- Page 17 ---
- 17 - 
For the purposes of the Collateral Security Agreements, an Eligible Collateral 
Asset means any Loan that complies with the Eligibility Criteria. In particular, 
the Loans must comply with the requirements of the legal framework applicable 
to sociétés de crédit foncier (see "Overview of the legislation and regulations 
relating to sociétés de crédit foncier – Eligible receivables"). 
The pledge granted by Crelan SA/NV over Collateral Security Assets in favour 
of Crelan Home Loan SCF under the French Collateral Security Agreement will 
be granted, and, as the case may be, enforced, in accordance with the provisions 
of Articles L.211-38 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier) implementing the Collateral Directive. 
The pledge granted by Crelan SA/NV over Collateral Security Assets in favour 
of Crelan Home Loan SCF under the Belgian Collateral Security Agreement will 
be granted, and, as the case may be, enforced, in accordance with the provisions 
of Article 4 of the Belgian Financial Collateral Act implementing the Collateral 
Directive. 
See "Material Contracts – Facility Documents – Collateral Security Agreements" 
for details. 
Asset Cover Test under 
the Collateral Security 
Agreements:
In addition to the statutory cover ratio which the Issuer is required to comply with 
as a société de crédit foncier (see "Overview of the legislation and regulations 
relating to sociétés de crédit foncier – Cover ratio"), the Facility Calculation 
Agent will carry out the Asset Cover Test on each Asset Cover Test Date to 
ensure that the amount of Collateral Security required pursuant to the Collateral 
Security Agreements is in place. 
Non-Compliance with Asset Cover Test would result from the Asset Cover Test 
Ratio being less than one (1). Upon Non-Compliance with Asset Cover Test on 
any Asset Cover Test Date, Crelan SA/NV will (i) pledge additional Eligible 
Collateral Assets as Collateral Security, and/or (ii) request a substitution of 
Eligible Collateral Assets from the Collateral Security, in each case, as necessary 
to cure such Non-Compliance with Asset Cover Test (see "Material Contracts – 
Collateral Security Agreements – Asset Cover Test – Calculation of Asset Cover 
Ratio" for details). 
The failure by Crelan SA/NV to cure a Non-Compliance with Asset Cover Test 
occurred on any Asset Cover Test Date prior to the next following Asset Cover 
Test Date will constitute a Breach of Asset Cover Test within the meaning of the 
Collateral Security Agreements. 
A Breach of Asset Cover Test constitutes the occurrence of an Event of Default 
under the Facility Agreement (see "Facility Agreement - Events of Default" 
above). 
Collateral Servicing 
Agreement:
The Collateral Servicing Agreement sets out the general terms and conditions 
under which (i) Crelan Home Loan SCF appoints Crelan SA/NV as servicer in 
relation to the servicing, management and recovery of the Collateral Security 
Assets and (ii) Crelan SA/NV exercises the control (contrôle) over such 
Collateral Security Assets on behalf of Crelan Home Loan SCF. 
Crelan SA/NV as servicer will perform the servicing, management and recovery 
of the Collateral Security Assets in accordance with applicable laws and the 
provisions of the Collateral Servicing Agreement, devoting the same amount of 
time and attention to, and exercising at least the same level of skill, care and 
diligence in, the performance of the services provided under the Collateral 
Servicing Agreement, as for the servicing, management and recovery of its assets 
not being the subject of the Collateral Security Assets.

--- Page 18 ---
- 18 - 
Crelan Home Loan SCF may terminate the appointment of Crelan SA/NV under 
the Collateral Servicing Agreement at its discretion, in case of a Servicer Rating 
Trigger Event or of a Servicing Termination Event. 
See "Material Contracts – Facility Documents – Collateral Servicing Agreement" 
for details. 
3. The Purchase Documents 
Mortgage Loan Sale 
Agreement:
The Mortgage Loan Sale Agreement sets out the general terms and conditions 
under which Crelan Home Loan SCF may purchase from time to time Loans 
together with the Loan Security and the Additional Security, from Crelan SA/NV. 
Each Loan will comply with the same Eligibility Criteria as those set out in 
respect of Eligible Collateral Assets (see "Facility Documents – Collateral 
Security Agreements – Eligible Collateral Assets"). 
Repurchase of the 
Loans under the 
Mortgage Loan Sale 
Agreement:
Subject to the terms and conditions under the Mortgage Loan Sale Agreement, 
Crelan SA/NV has the obligation to repurchase the Loans and indemnify Crelan 
Home Loan SCF in the event of any breach of representation or warranties of the 
Eligibility Criteria (see "Material Contracts – Purchase Documents – Mortgage 
Loan Sale Agreement - Mandatory repurchase in case of breach of 
representations and warranties and Eligibility Criteria" for details). 
Crelan SA/NV has also the obligation to repurchase the Loans in the event of a 
Variation which is a Non-Permitted Variation of such Loans (see "Material 
Contracts – Purchase Documents – Mortgage Loan Sale Agreement - Permitted 
Variation and repurchase in case of Non-Permitted Variation" for details). 
Right of first refusal 
under the Mortgage 
Loan Sale Agreement:
If at any time, but prior to a Notification Event, Crelan Home Loan SCF expresses 
its intention to sell or otherwise transfer all or part of the Portfolio pursuant to the 
MLSA and is at the relevant time still owned by Crelan Home Loan SCF, it will, 
prior to entering into such sale or transfer, forthwith notify Crelan SA/NV of its 
intention and of the conditions, including the price or the consideration, of such 
intended sale or transfer. Crelan SA/NV will have the right (but not the 
obligation) to repurchase such part of the Portfolio from Crelan Home Loan SCF 
at such conditions. 
Servicing Agreement:
The Servicing Agreement sets out (i) the general terms and conditions under 
which Crelan Home Loan SCF appoints Crelan SA/NV in relation to the 
administration of the Loans and relating Loan Security and/or Additional 
Security and (ii) the powers and the responsibilities of Crelan SA/NV as servicer. 
Crelan SA/NV as servicer will perform the administration of the Loans, the 
relating Loan Security and Additional Security in accordance with applicable 
laws and the provisions of the Servicing Agreement, devoting the same amount 
of time and attention to, and exercising at least the same level of skill, care and 
diligence in, the performance of the services provided under the Servicing 
Agreement, as far as it would if it were administering loans in respect of which it 
is the lender. 
Crelan Home Loan SCF may terminate the appointment of Crelan SA/NV under 
the Servicing Agreement at its discretion, in case of a Servicer Rating Trigger 
Event or of a Servicing Termination Event. 
See "Material Contracts – Purchase Documents –Servicing Agreement" for 
details.
4. Other documents

--- Page 19 ---
- 19 - 
Cash Advance 
Agreement:
The Cash Advance Agreement sets out the terms and conditions under which 
Crelan SA/NV undertakes to (i) make cash advances to the Issuer on any Interest 
Payment Date, Instalment Date or Maturity Date (or Extended Maturity Date) of 
any Series of Notes (as determined in the Final Terms of such Series of Notes) 
issued by the Issuer or any payment date under any hedging agreement benefiting 
from the Privilège, (ii) each time a specific trigger event occurs, fund a reserve 
as further detailed below. 
Pre-Maturity Reserve 
under the Cash Advance 
Agreement:
In the event that Crelan SA/NV's short-term counterparty risk assessment from 
Moody's falls below "P-1(cr)" (or such other minimum ratings complying with 
the rating agencies' public methodologies and criteria in order to maintain the 
ratings of the Notes) during the nine (9) month period preceding the Maturity 
Date of any Series of Notes with hard bullet maturities and ending on, and 
including, such Maturity Date (a "Pre-Maturity Reserve Test Period") and on 
a regular basis for so long as it is continuing during such Pre-Maturity Reserve 
Test Period (a "Pre-Maturity Reserve Trigger Event"), Crelan SA/NV 
undertakes (a) to fund a Pre-Maturity Reserve (in cash and/or securities) in an 
amount (such amount being the “Pre-Maturity Reserve Required Amount”) 
equal to the sum of (A) the aggregate amount of principal payable by the Issuer 
under all Series of Notes with hard bullet maturities during a 9 month period 
starting on such funding date and (B) the aggregate amount of any other debts 
benefiting from the Privilège during a 9 month period starting on such funding 
date (but, for the avoidance of doubt excluding the amount due by the Issuer 
under all Series of Notes with soft bullet maturities) in accordance with Article 
L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier), for the benefit of the Issuer by crediting a pre-maturity reserve account 
as designated by the Issuer and (b) to maintain, on a rolling basis until such Pre-
Maturity Reserve Trigger Event has ceased, the Pre-Maturity Reserve Required 
Amount in such pre-maturity reserve account. 
The Pre-Maturity Reserve will only be funded in respect of Series of Notes which 
will have hard bullet maturities (i.e. not allowing the Maturity Date of the relevant 
Series to be extended), as specified in the relevant Final Terms and for an amount 
complying with a “Pre-Maturity Test” commensurate in accordance with the 
rating agencies’ public methodologies to ensure that the Issuer will have 
sufficient funds to meet its payment obligations at maturity. 
Collection Loss Reserve 
under the Cash Advance 
Agreement:
In the event that Crelan SA/NV's rating is or falls below "Baa3cr" (long-term 
counterparty risk assessment) by Moody's (a "Collection Loss Reserve Trigger 
Event"), Crelan SA/NV undertakes to fund a Collection Loss Reserve (in cash 
and/or securities) in an amount (such amount being the "Collection Loss Reserve 
Required Amount") equal to the greater of (i) the collections received by 
Crelan SA/NV during the preceding calendar month preceding the Collection 
Loss Reserve Trigger Event under both the Loans sold to the Issuer under the 
Mortgage Loan Sale Agreement and Loans granted as collateral security to the 
benefit of the Issuer under the Collateral Security Agreements and (ii) an amount 
equal to the sum of (A) the aggregate amount of interest payable by the Issuer 
under any outstanding Series of Notes, (B) any amount payable by the Issuer 
under any hedging agreement, (C) any other debts benefiting from the Privilège
(but, for the avoidance of doubt and any double counting, excluding the amount 
due under the Notes or the hedging agreements) in accordance with Article 
L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier) and (D) any fees payable by the Issuer. 
The Collection Loss Reserve will be funded for the benefit of the Issuer by 
crediting a collection loss reserve account as designated by the Issuer and 
maintained, on a rolling basis until such Collection Loss Reserve Trigger Event 
has ceased. 
Hedging Agreements:
In connection with the issue of Notes under the Programme, the Issuer has entered

--- Page 20 ---
- 20 - 
and may in future enter into certain hedging agreements and related hedging 
transactions with Crelan SA/NV (or other banking entities) in its capacity as 
eligible hedging provider in accordance with relevant rating agency 
requirements. These hedging agreements and related hedging transactions are 
entered into by the Issuer as part of its hedging strategy to hedge interest rate 
and/or currency risk.  
For a description of the Issuer’s hedging strategy and the associated risks, see 
above under “Risk Factors – Interest rate and currency risks” and “Risk Factors 
– Credit risk on bank counterparties”. 
Outsourcing 
Agreements:
The Issuer has entered into the following outsourcing services contracts (as 
amended from time to time): (i) a contrat d’externalisation et de fourniture de 
services with Crelan SA/NV and a contrat de prestation de services with RSM 
France (the "Administrative Services Agreements"), and (ii) a convention de 
gestion (in accordance with Article L.513-15 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier)) with Crelan SA/NV (the 
"Management and Recovery Agreement"). 
See "Description of the Issuer – Outsourcing Agreements". 
Senior loan agreements:
The Issuer may in the future enter into certain term senior loan agreements with 
Crelan SA/NV in order to finance the general needs of the Issuer and/or certain 
expenses in connection with the issue of Notes under the Programme. The sums 
due by the Issuer (in interest or principal) under the term senior loan agreements 
will not benefit from the Privilège (priority of payments).

--- Page 21 ---
- 21 - 
RISK FACTORS
The following are risk factors which the Issuer believes are specific to the Issuer and/or the Notes and material 
for the purpose of assessing the principal risks which may impact its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes 
and/or associated with the Notes, and which prospective investors should be aware. 
In each category below, the Issuer sets out first the most material risks, in its assessment, taking into account the 
negative impact of such risks and the probability of their occurrence. The materiality of the risks has been assessed 
based on the probability of their occurrence and the expected magnitude of their negative impact on the Issuer. 
They are classified by importance (decreasing in magnitude). 
Additional risks not included in the risk factors below, e.g. because they are currently not material or not known 
by the Issuer, may result in material risks in the future. 
Furthermore, investors should be aware that the risks described may be combined and thus interrelated with one 
another.
Prior to making an investment decision, prospective investors in the Notes should consider carefully all of the 
information contained and/or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, including in particular the risk 
factors detailed below which the Issuer believes represent the principal risks relating to the Issuer and the Notes. 
Prospective investors should make their own independent evaluations of all risk factors and should also read the 
detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
I. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
1. Risks relating to the Issuer's activities 
The Issuer's prime purpose is the refinancing of Loans, either directly by purchasing receivables arising from such 
Loans under the Purchase Documents or indirectly by funding Advances which are secured by the pledge 
(nantissement) of Collateral Security to the benefit of the Issuer under the Facility Documents. 
A. Risks related to the Loans, the Collateral Security and the Loan Security 
Credit risk in relation to the Debtors under the Loans 
The Debtors under the Loans are individuals having borrowed money under the Loans in order to finance 
residential real estate property located in Belgium.  
If, in relation to the Loans purchased in the context of the Purchase Documents or following enforcement of the 
Collateral Security in the context of the Facility Documents, the Issuer does not receive the full amount due from 
the Debtors in respect of such Loans, this may affect the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Notes. 
The Issuer is exposed to the occurrence of credit risk in relation to the Debtors under the Loans. The ability of the 
Debtors to make timely payment of amounts due under such Loans will mainly depend on their assets and liabilities 
as well as their ability to generate sufficient income to make payments under the relevant Loans. The Debtors' 
ability to generate income may be adversely affected by a large number of factors, some of which (i) relate 
specifically to the Debtors themselves (including their age and health, employment situation, family situation and 
creditworthiness) or (ii) are more general in nature (such as changes in governmental regulations, tax policy, 
general economic conditions (see below "Impact of adverse general economic conditions on the Issuer") etc.). 
Each of the Loans originated by Crelan SA/NV will have been originated in accordance with its lending criteria at 
the time of origination. It is expected that Crelan SA/NV's lending criteria will generally consider type of financed 
property, debt-to-income ratio, term of loan, age of applicant, loan-to-value ratio, status of applicants and credit 
history.  
However, Crelan SA/NV retains the right to revise its lending criteria from time to time, subject to certain 
conditions being met under the Collateral Servicing Agreement and the Servicing Agreement. If the lending criteria 
change in a manner that affects the creditworthiness of the Loans, this may lead to increased defaults by the 
Debtors. Such defaults may affect the realisable value of the Loans or part thereof transferred to the Issuer under

--- Page 22 ---
- 22 - 
the Purchase Documents or upon enforcement of the Collateral Security under the Collateral Security Agreements, 
and the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Notes. 
Impact of adverse general economic conditions on the Issuer 
The Issuer's performance is influenced by the general economic situation in Europe, by the dynamics of financial 
markets and by the solidity and growth prospects of the European economy. 
Significant deteriorations in market and economic conditions resulting from, in particular, crises affecting capital 
or credit markets, liquidity constraints, regional or global recessions, sharp fluctuations in currency exchange rates 
or interest rates, inflation or deflation, rating downgrades, restructuring or defaults of sovereign or private debt, or 
adverse geopolitical events (including acts of terrorism and military conflicts) could affect the origination of Loans. 
The geopolitical and economic environment remains uncertain. After a long period of low interest rates, the 
resurgence of inflation has led major central banks to tighten their monetary policies. In the Eurozone, the 
European Central Bank (the "ECB") raised its key interest rates several times between July 2022 and September 
2023. Although the ECB introduced three rates cut in 2024 based on an updated assessment of the inflation outlook 
which has improved markedly since September 2023, inflation could fall less quickly than expected or even rise 
again, depending on various factors, including geopolitical developments (such as the war in Ukraine which may 
continue to have significant impacts on energy and food prices), weather conditions and countries’ industrial 
strategies which may lead to various forms of protectionism.  
Higher inflation or continuing high inflation could lead central banks, including the ECB, to adopt more restrictive 
monetary policies, leading to persistently high interest rates, further eroding household purchasing power and 
worsening corporate conditions. This could in turn increase the risk of default by the customers of the Crelan 
Group (as defined in section entitled "Description of the Issuer – Incorporation, duration and registered office"), 
the risk of financial instability and a downturn in the financial markets, which have an impact on Crelan Group’s 
business activities and cost of risk. In relation to the Issuer: 
-
in order to cope with the significant increase in its refinancing costs and preservice its profitability, 
Crelan SA/NV decided to temporarily limit the origination of Loans which are eligible assets of a société 
de crédit foncier (see "Overview of the legislation and regulations relating to sociétés de crédit foncier
and other legal issues – Eligible assets") which could in turn affect the ability of the Issuer to maintain its 
cover ratio (see Overview of the legislation and regulations relating to sociétés de crédit foncier and other 
legal issues – Cover ratio");  
-
a general increase in interest rates (although mitigated by the Belgian legal protection system of customers 
having variable rate loans) could lead to a significant increase in arrears on Loans and defaults by the 
Debtors under the Loans purchased under the Purchase Documents or following the enforcement of the 
Collateral Security under the Facility Documents, which could affect the ability of the Issuer to make 
payments under the Notes; 
-
the deterioriation of the financial situation of the Debtors may lead to a drop in mortgage production 
(compared to previous years) as a result of which it may be more difficult for Crelan SA/NV to originate 
Loans which are eligible assets of a société de crédit foncier (see "Overview of the legislation and 
regulations relating to sociétés de crédit foncier and other legal issues – Eligible assets") which could in 
turn affect the ability of the Issuer to maintain its cover ratio (see Overview of the legislation and 
regulations relating to sociétés de crédit foncier and other legal issues – Cover ratio"); and 
-
the Issuer relies on third parties to perform services for the Issuer (see below "Reliance of the Issuer on 
third parties") and the increase of inflation may lead to an increase of the operating costs of the Issuer 
which could affect the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Notes. 
Although the Crelan Group remains very prudent and closely monitors changes in interest and inflation rates, as 
well as their impact on the economy and the financial situation of customers, in order to preserve its commercial 
margins and profitability, persistent adverse market conditions may result in a reduction of funds available to the 
Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes. 
Risks relating to the integration of Crelan Home Loan SCF and AXA Bank Belgium in the Crelan Group

--- Page 23 ---
- 23 - 
Since 31 December 2021, Crelan Home Loan SCF and AXA Bank Belgium (which merged with Crelan SA/NV 
on 10 June 2024) belong to the Crelan Group. The transaction led to the size of the total assets of the Crelan Group 
being more than doubled, which entails an integration risk. 
Integration risk relates to the risk that the operational and financial integration of the Issuer and AXA Bank 
Belgium’s businesses in the Crelan Group does not result in the anticipated synergies or results in lower operational 
IT environment quality. This can be the result of an inadequate implementation (execution) or the result of external 
events. The impact of these risks can adversely impact the results and financial position of the Crelan Group 
(including Crelan Home Loan SCF) as well as its reputation.  
Whilst the legal aspects of the merger of AXA Bank Belgium with Crelan SA/NV are now completed, the full 
integration of the Issuer and AXA Bank Belgium at an operational level requires certain additional steps and 
therefore certain integration risks remain, such post-IT integration issues into Crelan Group processes still in the 
learning phase for ex-AXA Bank Belgium employees and residual IT problems. In this context, although the Issuer 
has put in place a monitoring process to minimize this risk, the integration of the Issuer and AXA Bank Belgium’s 
businesses and operations into the Crelan Group may impact the Issuer’s activities and, in particular, its ability to 
identify sufficient Loans which are eligible assets of a société de crédit foncier (see "Overview of the legislation 
and regulations relating to sociétés de crédit foncier and other legal issues – Eligible assets") which could in turn 
affect the ability of the Issuer to maintain its cover ratio (see Overview of the legislation and regulations relating 
to sociétés de crédit foncier and other legal issues – Cover ratio").  
No independent investigation – reliance on representations and warranties 
None of the Issuer, the Permanent Dealers, the Administrator or any other party to any Programme Documents 
has undertaken or will undertake any investigations, searches or other due diligence regarding the Loans and the 
related Loan Security or the related Collateral Security Asset, or as to the status and/or the creditworthiness of the 
Debtors of the Loans. 
Each of them has relied solely on the representations and warranties given by Crelan SA/NV as Pledgor under the 
Collateral Security Agreements and Seller under the Mortgage Loan Sale Agreement. 
If any breach of eligibility criteria relating to any Loan is material and (if capable of remedy) is not remedied: 
(a) the Pledgor will be required under the Collateral Security Agreements to provide sufficient Eligible Collateral 
Assets in order to maintain compliance with the Asset Cover Test (see "Material Contracts – Facility 
Documents – Collateral Security Agreements – Asset Cover Test – Calculation of Asset Cover Ratio" for 
details), 
(b) the Seller will be required to repurchase the relevant Loans in case of a breach (see "Material Contracts – 
Purchase Documents – Mortgage Loan Sale Agreement - Mandatory repurchase in case of breach of 
representations and warranties and Eligibility Criteria" for details). 
Failure of providers of Loan Security to pay upon enforcement  
If following (i) enforcement of the Collateral Security and/or (ii) transfer of title to the Loans and Loan Security 
in favour of the Issuer and then notification of the Debtors under such Loans and (iii) enforcement of its rights by 
the Issuer under the relevant Loan Security against the provider of such Loan Security thereunder, such providers 
of Loans Security do not pay in whole or in part any amounts due under the relevant Collateral Security or Loan 
Security for whatever reason (such as difficulties to liquidate properties secured under the Loans efficiently or in 
a timely manner because of the Belgian legal procedures to be followed in relation to the enforcement of Belgian 
law governed Mortgages) or do not pay such amounts in a timely manner, the ability of the Issuer to make payments 
under the Notes may be affected. 
Certain Loans are only partially secured by a Mortgage 
This is particularly the case where Loans are only partially secured by a Mortgage. Generally, where a Loan is 
only partially secured by a Mortgage, the Debtor of the relevant Loan or a third party provider of Loan Security 
may have granted a mortgage mandate. A mortgage mandate does not constitute an actual security which creates 
a priority right of payment out of the proceeds of a sale of the mortgaged property, but is an irrevocable power of 
attorney granted by a Debtor or a third party provider of a Loan Security to certain attorneys enabling them to

--- Page 24 ---
- 24 - 
create a Mortgage as security for the Loan (a "Mortgage Mandate") (see "Overview of the legislation and 
regulations relating to sociétés de crédit foncier and other legal issues – Certain Loans are only partially secured 
by a Mortgage"). Such Mortgage will only become enforceable against third parties upon registration of such 
Mortgage at the Mortgage Registration Office. The ranking of the Mortgage is based on the date of registration. 
The registration is dated the day on which the mortgage deed pertaining to the creation of the Mortgage and the 
"registration extracts" (borderellen/bordereaux) are registered at the Mortgage Registration Office. When a 
Mortgage Mandate is converted into a Mortgage, stamp duties (registratierechten/droits d’enregistrement) and 
other costs will be payable. 
However, for Loans which are only partially secured by a Mortgage, only the portion of Loans which are 
effectively secured by a Mortgage will be taken into account for the calculation of the cover ratio. 
Failure to maintain its status as a Mobilisation Institution may impact the ability of the Issuer to enforce the 
Loan Security 
The Issuer qualifies as a mobiliseringinstelling/organisme de mobilisation (a "Mobilisation Institution") under 
Article 2, 5° c) of the Belgian Act of 3 August 2012 as amended from time to time (the "Belgian Mobilisation 
Act") (see "Overview of the legislation and regulations relating to sociétés de crédit foncier and other legal issues 
– Failure to maintain its status as a Mobilisation Institution"). 
Failure to maintain its status as a Mobilisation Institution may impact the position of the Issuer and may result in: 
-
the Issuer not benefiting from Mortgages enforceable vis-à-vis third parties, which, in relation to the 
Loans purchased under the Purchase Documents or following enforcement of the Collateral Security 
under the Collateral Security Agreements, may affect the ability of the Issuer to make payments under 
the Notes;  
-
the Issuer not benefiting from effective subordination arrangements in respect of loans secured by the 
same All Sums Mortgages and not transferred or pledged to the Issuer;  
-
the Issuer not benefiting from Mortgage Mandates covering transferred/pledged Loans; 
-
additional grounds for the Debtor to exercise set-off rights or defences of non-performance. See "Set-off 
by Debtors under Belgian law" and "Defence of Non-Performance under Belgian law" below.  
Effectiveness of the assignment or pledge of certain Additional Security interests 
As an accessory to the sale or pledge of the Loans, the Purchaser/Secured Party will be entitled to the benefit of 
certain Additional Security interests granted by Debtors to the Seller/Pledgor, such as an assignment of salary 
and/or insurance proceeds, as described in "Overview of the legislation and regulations relating to sociétés de 
crédit foncier and other legal issues – Effectiveness of the assignment or pledge of certain Additional Security 
interests".  
In the absence of precedents under Belgian law, it is not certain to which extent the Seller/Pledgor can validly 
assign or pledge the benefit of such assignment of salary by a Debtor to the Issuer. Therefore, there is the risk that 
the Issuer may not have the benefit of such arrangement in case of insolvency of the Seller/Pledgor, which may 
adversely impact on the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations in full to pay interest and principal in respect 
of the Notes.  
Furthermore, the Seller/Pledgor as mortgagee enjoys statutory protection under Article 10 of the Belgian Mortgage 
Act and Article 112 of the Insurance Act of 4 April 2014 on insurances (Wet betreffende de verzekeringen/Loi 
relative aux assurances) (the "Belgian Insurance Act") pursuant to which any indemnity which third parties 
(including Insurance Companies) owe for the reason of the destruction of or damage to the mortgaged property 
will be allocated to the mortgagee-creditors to the extent these indemnities are not used for the reconstruction of 
the mortgaged property. However, Article 112, §2 of the Belgian Insurance Act provides that the Insurance 
Company can pay out the indemnity to the insured in case the holder of an unpublished/undisclosed security over 
the property does not oppose this by prior notification. As the purchase or the pledge of the Loan and the Mortgage 
to the Issuer will not be noted in the margin of the mortgage register, the question arises to what extent the lack of 
disclosure of the purchase or the pledge could prejudice the Issuer’s rights to such insurance proceeds. Although 
there are no useful precedents under Belgian law, the purchase or the pledge should not prejudice the Issuer’s

--- Page 25 ---
- 25 - 
position because (i) the Mortgage would remain validly registered notwithstanding the purchase or the pledge and 
(ii) the Issuer would be the assignee and successor of the Seller. Whether the Insurance Company needs to pay to 
the Seller/Pledgor or to the Issuer would not be of any interest to the Insurance Company. 
B. Risks relating to the Facility Documents and the Purchase Documents 
No prior notification to Debtors under the Loans purchased by the Issuer or pledged to its benefit as Collateral 
Security – Risk of set-off and defence of non-performance 
The Mortgage Loan Sale Agreement and the Collateral Security Agreements provide that the relevant Loans and 
Loan Security will be sold or granted as collateral security (as applicable) without notification or information of 
the underlying Debtors.  
Such Debtors will only be notified upon the occurrence of a Notification Event under the Mortgage Loan Sale 
Agreement (see "Material Contracts – Purchase Documents – Mortgage Loan Sale Agreement – Notification 
Events") and the Collateral Security Agreements (see "Material Contracts – Facility Documents – Collateral 
Security Agreements – Notification Events"). As long as no such notification has taken place, any payments made 
by any Debtor (or those of any third providers of Loan Security) under the relevant Loans will continue to be 
validly made by such Debtors to the Seller/Pledgor, even though title to such Loans would have been validly 
transferred to the Issuer. 
For so long as the Debtors are not notified of such transfer, the debtors under the relevant Loans may be entitled, 
under certain conditions, to set-off the relevant Loans receivable against a claim they may have vis-à-vis the 
Seller/Pledgor.  
Under Belgian law, set-off rights may continue to arise in respect of reciprocal claims between the Debtor (or third 
providers of Loan Security) and the Seller/Pledgor, as soon as such reciprocal claims exist and are fungible, liquid 
(vaststaand / liquid) and payable (opeisbaar / exigible), potentially reducing amounts to be received by the Issuer 
under the Loans which would have been validly transferred to the Issuer. 
Furthermore, under Belgian law, a Debtor may in certain circumstances in case of default of its creditor invoke 
the defence of non-performance, pursuant to which it would be entitled to suspend payment under its obligations 
until its counterparty has duly discharged its obligations due and payable to the debtor.  
However, pursuant to the Belgian Mobilisation Act, a Debtor cannot invoke the defence of non-performance (a) 
following notification of the sale or the pledge of a Loan (and/or the Loan Security) to the relevant debtors (or 
acknowledgement thereof by the relevant debtor), to the extent the conditions for defence of non-performance are 
only satisfied after such notification (or acknowledgment); and (b) regardless of any notification or 
acknowledgement of sale, following the start of insolvency proceedings or the occurrence of a situation of 
concurrence of creditors (samenloop/concours) in relation to the Seller/Pledgor, to the extent the conditions for 
defence of non-performance are only satisfied following or as a result of such insolvency proceedings or 
concurrence of creditors. 
There is no guarantee that the notification to the Debtors under the relevant Loans will be made at the times 
required and there can be no guarantee or assurance as to the ability of the Issuer to obtain effective direct payment 
from the Debtors under the relevant Loans in a sufficient timely manner, which may affect payments under the 
Notes.  
Any recourse against the Pledgor/Seller for repayment of collections received by the Pledgor/Seller under the 
relevant Loans which are commingled with the Pledgor/Seller’s other funds will likely rank pari passu with the 
claims of other senior unsecured creditors of the Pledgor/Seller, and be subject, as the case may be, to mandatory 
Belgian insolvency rules (including stay of execution) and/or to recovery and resolution measures adopted in 
respect of the Pledgor/Seller.  
C. Risks relating to the Purchase Documents only 
Impact of claw-back rules under Belgian law 
The transfer of the Loans under the Purchase Documents may be subject to claw-back and be held ineffective 
towards other creditors of the Seller in case of insolvency (faillietverklaring/déclaration de faillite) of the Seller

--- Page 26 ---
- 26 - 
if: 
(a) the sale is effected with fraudulent intent (pursuant to Article XX.144 of the Belgian Economic Code (wetboek 
van 28 februari 2013 van economisch recht/code du 28 février 2013 de droit économique) (the "Belgian 
Economic Code")); or 
(b) during a hardening period determined by the relevant insolvency court, but not exceeding six months prior to 
the insolvency order, if the sale was entered into with a party aware of the state of insolvency of the Seller or 
was not entered into at arm’s length terms.  
The hardening period is the period within which the court considers that the Seller is in a situation of cessation of 
payments, i.e. unable to pay its debts. There is a presumption that this occurs upon the insolvency order 
(faillietverklaring/déclaration de faillite), but the relevant insolvency court may consider that cessation of 
payments occurred at an earlier date (but not earlier than 6 months before the insolvency order) based on serious 
and objective indications that such was the case. 
Risk related to the Belgian withholding tax regime in respect of the Loans purchased by the Issuer under the 
Mortgage Loans Sale Agreement 
Pursuant to Article 107, §2, 7°, a) of the Royal Decree to the Belgian Income Tax Code ("RD"), interest payments 
made by Belgian private individual debtors are exempt from Belgian withholding tax if made to "credit institutions 
or equivalent undertakings". Article 105, 1° of the RD restricts the notion of "credit institutions or equivalent 
undertakings" to undertakings "established in Belgium". 
On 24 January 2017, the Issuer obtained a tax ruling (the "Ruling") from the Belgian Ruling Commission 
(n° 2016.768) for a very similar situation (securitisation through a secured loan rather than through a mortgage 
loan sale). The Ruling Commission noted that based on a strict reading the withholding tax exemption is restricted 
to institutions established in Belgium but stated that this does not reflect the intention of the legislator and is 
possibly merely the consequence of a failure to adjust the RD to recent developments at national and international 
level. Based on this reasoning, the Ruling Commission ruled that the withholding tax exemption provided for in 
Article 107, §2, 7°, a) of the RD is applicable to the interest payments made by individual debtors directly to the 
Issuer.  
This Ruling does not however cover interest payments that would be paid to the Issuer in its capacity as Purchaser 
under the Mortgage Loan Sale Agreement. Hence an addendum to the Ruling of 24 January 2017 was asked on 12 
June 2017. The Belgian Ruling Commission was however not willing to decide on such addendum given the 
announced upcoming change of Article 105, 1° of the RD, and the ruling procedure was closed. 
Although the Ruling Commission has set aside the wording of Article 105, 1° of the RD and has therefore extended 
the withholding tax exemption to non-Belgian institutions (consistent with the case law of the European Court of 
Justice ("ECJ")), the wording of Article 105, 1° of the RD has remained unchanged in this respect and still limits 
the application of the withholding tax exemption of Article 107, §2, 7°, a) to credit institutions or equivalent 
undertakings "established in Belgium". As meanwhile the Mortgage Loan Sale Agreement has been implemented, 
it is no longer possible to file for a new ruling. Consequently, there is a risk that the Belgian tax administration 
argues that withholding tax is due by the individual Debtor, based on the literal wording of Article 105, 1° of the 
RD with potentially financial consequences for the Issuer. 
Since mid-March 2024, the tax administration has interrogated Crelan SA/NV in the framework of a control of its 
situation, but the position of the tax administration is not yet known at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Mitigating factors 
In the opinion of the Issuer, the following mitigating factors apply in connection with the identified risk: 
(a)
Given the ECJ case law, there is a very strong argument that the restriction of the withholding tax 
exemption of Article 105, 1° of the RD to credit institutions "established in Belgium" violates the EU 
principle of the freedom to provide services. As this discrimination is set out in a Royal Decree, a Belgian 
court can set aside the discriminatory wording. This discrimination argument equally applies to the 
situation in case there would be a notification to the debtors and payment of interest by the debtors to the 
Issuer.

--- Page 27 ---
- 27 - 
(b)
As the Mortgage Loan Sale Agreement provides that the relevant Loans will be sold without notification 
or information of the underlying Debtors (see “No prior notification to Debtors under the Loans purchased 
by the Issuer or pledged to its benefit as Collateral Security – Risk of set-off and defence of non-
performance” above), the basis on which the Belgian tax administration could levy withholding tax in the 
hands of the debtors (without them being notified or informed that Crelan SA/NV transferred the Loans 
to the Issuer) is doubtful. 
(c)
Under the Mortgage Loans Sale Agreement, Crelan SA/NV is required to increase any amount payable 
by itself or by a Debtor in respect of such deduction or withholding required to be made to ensure that, 
after the making of such deduction or withholding, the Issuer receives and retains a net amount equal to 
the amount which it would have received and so retained had no such deduction or withholding been 
made or required to be made.  
D. Risks relating to the Facility Agreement and the Collateral Security only 
Borrower's ability to pay under the Facility Agreement  
Neither the Issuer or any other party to the Programme Documents (without prejudice to the Collateral Security 
granted by the Pledgor) guarantees or represents and warrants full and timely payment by Crelan SA/NV in its 
capacity as the Borrower of any sums of principal or interest payable under the Facility Agreement. The Issuer 
may therefore be exposed to the occurrence of credit risk in relation to Crelan SA/NV under the Facility 
Agreement. However, as of 31 December 2024, the assets of the Issuer did not include any Advance drawdown 
by Crelan SA/NV under the Facility Agreement. 
In addition, should the Borrower be subject to any applicable insolvency proceedings under Belgian law, this 
would impair the ability of the Issuer to claim against the Borrower the timely payment of amounts of principal 
and interest due and payable under the Facility Agreement and the Issuer will not be entitled to accelerate the 
payment of such amounts.  
However, pursuant to Article L.211-38-I of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) 
and Article 4 of the Belgian Act of 15 December 2004 on Financial Collateral (the "Belgian Financial Collateral 
Act"), the Collateral Security is enforceable, even if the Borrower is the subject of any such proceedings. 
Maintenance of value of the Collateral Security prior to or following enforcement thereof  
If the value of the Collateral Security Assets granted as Collateral Security in favour of the Issuer pursuant to the 
Collateral Security Agreements has not been maintained in accordance with the terms of the Asset Cover Test or 
the other provisions of the Programme Documents, this may affect the value of the Collateral Security or any part 
thereof (both before and after the occurrence of an Event of Default) or the price or value of such Collateral 
Security Assets upon the sale or refinancing thereof by the Issuer which may result in the Issuer having insufficient 
funds to meet its obligations under the Notes.  
The value of the properties relating to the Collateral Security Assets may decrease as a result of any number of 
factors, including the national or international economic climate, regional economic or housing conditions, 
changes in tax laws, mortgage interest rates, inflation, the availability of financing, yields on alternative 
investments, increasing utility costs and other day-to-day expenses, political risks and government policies.  
A Non-Compliance with the Asset Cover Test on any Asset Cover Test Date will not result in an Event of Default, 
unless it is not remedied until the next Asset Cover Test Date, in which case it will constitute a Breach of Asset 
Cover Test resulting in an Event of Default. 
Method of establishment and enforceability of the Collateral Security – Notion of control and identification 
The Collateral Security does not entail any transfer of title with respect to the relevant assets until enforcement. 
The Collateral Security is created and perfected in accordance with Article L.211-38 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier). Pursuant to Article L.211-38 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code (Code monétaire et financier), "the establishment of such guarantees and their enforceability are not subject 
to any formality".

--- Page 28 ---
- 28 - 
However, Article L.211-38 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) further 
states that such establishment and enforceability "derive from the transfer of the relevant property and rights, the 
dispossession of the grantor or their control by the beneficiary or a person acting on his behalf". In the case of a 
pledge without dispossession, the notion of "control" must be used to determine that the pledge has been 
established. 
The notion of control is a matter of fact which is assessed by a French judge at its sole discretion (appréciation 
souveraine) and there are no guidelines in the texts or in the French case law as to how to characterise and measure 
"control" in the sense of that Article L.211-38 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier). However, in the context of monies deposited in an account which are pledged by the depositor to the 
account bank to cover any debts of the depositor to the bank, the Court of Justice of the European Union has ruled 
inter alia that (i) the requirement of control will only be met if the depositor is prevented from disposing of the 
monies after they have been deposited in that account and (ii) any right given to the collateral provider to substitute 
or withdraw excess collateral must not prejudice the provision of financial collateral to the collateral taker (Private 
Equity Insurance Group SIA v Swedbank AS [2016] EUECJ C-156/15). 
Although no guarantee can be given under French law as to whether the Issuer has sufficient "control" over the 
Collateral Security Assets, pursuant to the Collateral Security Agreements and the Collateral Servicing Agreement, 
the Issuer will have specific rights which are aimed at organizing a certain level of control over the Collateral 
Security Assets, in particular: 
(a)
the Services will constitute servicing instructions of the Issuer to the Pledgor and no change can be made to 
them without the Issuer prior consent in a way that would prejudice the Issuer's rights under the Collateral 
Security Agreements; 
(b)
the Pledgor will undertake to (i) comply with the relevant Services and (ii) notify the Issuer upon becoming 
aware of any circumstance or event giving rise to a breach of such Services. In case of such breach, the 
Issuer will have the right to enforce the Collateral Security Agreements and proceed with notification and 
the underlying debtors; 
(c)
the Secured Party may amend or terminate the right for the Servicer to consent to any Permitted Variation 
for any reason and at any time upon the giving of not less than thirty (30) Business Days' notice to the 
Servicer;
(d)
the Pledgor will undertake in particular not to create or permit the creation or existence of any encumbrance 
or security over, nor to sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of the assets granted as Collateral Security; 
and 
(e)
for the purpose of satisfying itself as to whether the Collateral Security Assets remain Eligible Collateral 
Assets or to control the conformity of the servicing of the Collateral Security Assets with the Services or of 
the information contained in the Asset Reports, the Issuer (or any agent acting on its behalf) will be entitled 
to (i) access at all times the premises where the Contract Records are located and (ii) inspect, audit and 
copies such Contract Records. 
In addition, Article L.211-38 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) requires 
that: "the identification of the relevant property and rights, transfer thereof, and dispossession of the grantor or 
control by the beneficiary must be attestable in writing". For the purpose of complying with that requirement, the 
Pledgor will have to provide a list of the Eligible Collateral Assets pledged as Collateral Security to the Issuer, 
each time any such Eligible Collateral Asset is being included in the Collateral Security. Likewise, pursuant to 
Article 4§1, 4th indent of the Belgian Financial Collateral Act, it is a requirement for the pledge to be valid that 
the Loans pledged as collateral are "sufficiently determined or determinable". The validity of a pledge under the 
Belgian Financial Collateral Act is however not subject to a control requirement (and the circumstance that the 
Belgian Financial Collateral Act would be found not to constitute a proper implementation of the Collateral 
Directive should not impact the validity of the pledge). 
No interpretation by French and the Belgian courts of rules applicable to Collateral Security 
The pledge granted by Crelan SA/NV in its capacity as the Pledgor over Eligible Collateral Assets in favour of the 
Secured Party under the French Collateral Security Agreement will be granted, and, as the case may be, enforced, 
in accordance with the provisions of Articles L.211-38 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code

--- Page 29 ---
- 29 - 
monétaire et financier) implementing Directive 2002/47/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 6 
June 2002 on financial collateral arrangements as amended (the "Collateral Directive"). 
The pledge granted by the Pledgor over Eligible Collateral Assets in favour of the Secured Party under the Belgian 
Collateral Security Agreement will be granted, and, as the case may be, enforced, in accordance with the provisions 
of Article 4 of the Belgian Financial Collateral Act implementing the Collateral Directive. 
Holders of the Notes should note that neither the French courts nor the Belgian courts have had yet the opportunity 
to interpret Articles L.211-38 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) or 
the Belgian Financial Collateral Act. 
2. Risks relating to the Issuer's operations and organisation 
The Issuer is the sole entity liable under the Notes and has limited resources 
The Issuer is a société de crédit foncier and the only entity which has obligations to pay principal and interest in 
respect of the Notes. The Notes will not be obligations of any other entity, including (but not limited to) 
Crelan SA/NV or any other company in the same group, or the shareholders, or the Permanent Dealers (as defined 
in Section entitled "Subscription and Sales") or directors or agents of any company in the same group of companies.  
The Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under the Notes will depend on the amount of scheduled principal and 
interest paid by the Debtors under the Loans and the timing thereof and/or, as applicable, the amounts received 
under hedging agreement(s) if any and/or the proceeds generated by the permitted investments, and/or the available 
amount under senior loans made available by Crelan SA/NV and/or payments proceeds under various assets which 
are sufficiently secured and liquid, in accordance with Articles L.513-7 and R.513-6 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier).  
Also, pursuant to the Cash Advance Agreement, the Issuer will benefit from any cash advance to be provided by 
Crelan SA/NV as a Pre-Maturity Reserve and/or a Collection Loss Reserve under the circumstances described 
under the Cash Advance Agreement.  
The risk arising from the fact that the Issuer has limited resources is mitigated by Articles L.513-12 and R.513-8 
of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) which provide that sociétés de crédit 
foncier must at all times maintain a cover ratio of at least 105 per cent. of the total amount of their liabilities which 
benefit from the Privilège by the total amount of their assets, including assets which are sufficiently secured and 
liquid, in accordance with Articles L.513-7 and R.513-6 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier). However, failure to maintain the cover ratio may result in the Issuer having insufficient 
funds to meet its obligations under the Notes. For further details in relation to the cover ratio, see section "Overview 
of the legislation and regulations relating to sociétés de crédit foncier and other legal issues - Cover ratio". 
Reliance of the Issuer on third parties 
Since the Issuer has no human resources, the Issuer has entered into agreements with a number of third parties, 
which have agreed to perform services for the Issuer, in particular for the management of its operations and the 
recovery of assets, the hedging of its obligations under certain Series of Notes and the provision of liquidity (see 
"Material Contracts").  
The Issuer also has appointed Crelan SA/NV as Servicer in order to service (i) the Collateral Security Assets under 
the Facility Agreements (see "Material Contracts – Facility Documents – Collateral Servicing Agreement) and (ii) 
the Loans purchased under the Purchase Documents (see "Material Contracts – Purchase Documents – Servicing 
Agreement). 
In the event that any party providing services to the Issuer fails to perform its obligations under the relevant 
agreement(s) to which it is a party, the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Notes may be affected. As 
a result, Noteholders could lose all or a substantial part of their investment in the Notes. 
Substitution risk 
In the event of a downgrading of the short-term and/or long-term debt of one or more parties to the Programme 
Documents (such as the eligible hedging providers under the Hedging Documents or the Servicer under the

--- Page 30 ---
- 30 - 
Collateral Servicing Agreement and the Servicing Agreement) or under certain circumstances described in the 
Programme Documents, leading to the substitution of one or more of these parties pursuant to the terms of the 
Programme Documents, a substitute entity may not be found. 
In particular, if an event leading to the termination of the appointment of Crelan SA/NV as Servicer under the 
Collateral Servicing Agreement and the Servicing Agreement occurs, then the Issuer will be required to appoint a 
substitute servicer in its place. Such substitute servicer with sufficient experience and who would be willing and 
able to service the same on the terms of the Collateral Servicing Agreement and/or the Servicing Agreement may 
not be found.  
In addition, upon the occurrence of any Event of Default under the Facility Documents and/or a Notification Event 
under the Purchase Documents and the subsequent transfer to the Issuer of the Collateral Security Assets and/or 
the Loans, and if Crelan SA/NV is no longer in a position to act as Servicer and/or to fulfill its duties under the 
Collateral Servicing Agreement, the Servicing Agreement and the Management and Recovery Agreement, a 
substitute servicer with sufficient experience of servicing such transferred Collateral Security Assets and/or Loans 
and who would be willing and able to service the same on the terms of the Collateral Servicing Agreement, the 
Servicing Agreement and the Management and Recovery Agreement may not be found.  
The ability of a substitute servicer (or an entity able to fulfill Crelan SA/NV's duties under the Collateral Servicing 
Agreement, the Servicing Agreement and the Management and Recovery Agreement) to perform fully the required 
services will depend, amongst other things, on the information, software and records available at the time of the 
appointment. Any delay or inability to appoint such substitute entities may affect the realisable value of the 
Collateral Security Assets, the Loans or any part thereof, and/or the ability of the Issuer to make payments under 
the Notes.  
Interest rate and currency risks 
According to Article 12 of Regulation no. 99-10 dated 9 July 1999 issued by the Committee of banking and 
financial regulation (the Comité de la réglementation bancaire et financière or "CRBF") related to sociétés de 
crédit foncier and sociétés de financement de l'habitat (as amended from time to time, lately in particular by Arrêté
of 3 November 2014) (the "Regulation 99-10 of the CRBF"), the Issuer has implemented a system for measuring 
overall interest rate risks under the conditions set forth in Article 134 to Article 139 of the Arrêté of 3 November 
2014 (for further description, see section entitled "Overview of the legislation and regulations relating to sociétés 
de crédit foncier and other legal issues - Hedging"). 
The level of rate and maturity matching between the assets and the liabilities of the Issuer is verified by the Specific 
Controller. 
The Issuer uses macro hedges (and may use micro hedges) to hedge general interest rate and currency risks. The 
goal of the Issuer is to neutralise interest rate and currency risks as much as possible from an operating standpoint. 
The ability of the Issuer to enter into appropriate hedging agreements or find replacement hedging agreements 
depends however on market conditions prevailing at that time. 
The hedging agreements will provide a hedge of any interest rate or currency risk arising from the mismatches 
between (i) the amounts of principal and interest payable by the Issuer under the Notes in Euros, and (ii) the 
amounts in the currencies in which the Loans transferred to the Issuer are denominated corresponding to principal 
and interest received by the Issuer under those assets and in particular, the hedging agreements will ensure that the 
Issuer will have in place appropriate derivative transactions to hedge the currency and interest rate risks arising 
from such assets. 
For this purpose, the Issuer will enter into one or more hedging agreements and related hedging transaction(s) with 
eligible hedging provider(s) with minimum ratings complying with the rating agencies public methodologies and 
criteria which are, as at the date on which they are entered into, commensurate to the then current rating of the 
Notes and on terms as per rating agencies' public methodologies and criteria to cover interest rate and/or currency 
risks arising from the mismatches between the payments received under the Loans transferred to the Issuer and the 
payments to be made under the Notes. 
In certain circumstances, the hedging transactions may be terminated and, as a result, the interest rate and currency 
risks described above may be unhedged if a replacement hedging agreement is not entered into, which may affect 
the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Notes.

--- Page 31 ---
- 31 - 
Termination or transfer of a hedging agreement may be at the Issuer's cost and may therefore, depending on market 
conditions prevailing at that time, also affect the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Notes.  
Liquidity risk 
The maturity and amortisation profile of the eligible assets may not match the repayment profile and maturities of 
the Notes, therefore creating a need for liquidity at the level of the Issuer. 
Pursuant to Articles L.513-8 and R.513-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier), sociétés de crédit foncier must ensure, at all times, the coverage of their liquidity needs for the next 180 
calendar days (taking into account the forecasted flows in principal and interest on their assets and net flows related 
to forward financial instruments referred to in Article L.513-10 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier)), by investing in liquid assets, short term exposures to credit institutions or short term 
deposits with credit institutions (actifs liquides, expositions à court terme sur des établissements de crédit ou 
dépôts à court terme auprès d’établissements de crédit), subject to the conditions and limitations set out under 
Article R.513-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier). 
The Issuer benefits from the ALM management tools provided to it by the laws and regulations applicable to 
sociétés de crédit foncier in order to fund temporary liquidity needs (which could result from the mismatch between 
payment dates and maturities under the assets of the Issuer and its liabilities). The Issuer may also benefit from 
additional contractual undertakings, such as, at the date of this Base Prospectus, an obligation of Crelan SA/NV 
to inter alia fund a Pre-Maturity Reserve and the Collection Loss Reserve in the conditions described in section 
"Material Contracts – Cash Advance Agreement". However, if the Issuer is not able to cover its liquidity needs, 
this may affect the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations under the Notes in a timely manner.  
II. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for prospective investors. Set out below is a description of the most common such features: 
1. Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes  
A. Interest Rate Risks 
Change in market value of Fixed Rate Notes 
Condition 5(b) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) allows the Issuer to issue Notes that pay a fixed rate of interest to 
Noteholders. Investors in Fixed Rate Notes are exposed to the risk that inflation or changes in interest rates in the 
capital markets may adversely affect the market value, liquidity and the yield of the Notes. Generally, prices of 
fixed interest rate bonds tend to fall when market interest rates rise and accordingly are subject to volatility. 
Therefore, the price of the Notes at any particular time may be lower than the purchase price for the Notes paid by 
the Noteholder. As a consequence, part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost upon any transfer of 
the Notes, so that the Noteholder in such case would not receive the total amount of the capital invested. 
Investors will not be able to calculate in advance their rate of return on Floating Rate Notes  
Condition 5(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) allows the Issuer to issue Notes that pay a floating rate of interest 
to Noteholders. A key difference between Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Notes is that interest income on 
Floating Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, investors are not able to determine a 
definite yield of Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, so that their return on investment cannot be 
compared with that of investments having longer fixed interest periods. If the terms and conditions of the Notes 
provide for frequent interest payment dates, investors are exposed to reinvestment risk if market interest rates 
decline. That is, investors may reinvest the interest income paid to them only at the relevant lower interest rates 
then prevailing. In addition, the Issuer’s ability to also issue Fixed Rate Notes may affect the market value and the 
secondary market (if any) of the Floating Rate Notes (and vice versa). 
Investment in Notes which bear interest at a floating rate comprise (i) a reference rate and (ii) usually a margin to 
be added or subtracted, as the case may be, from such reference rate. Typically, the relevant margin will not change

--- Page 32 ---
- 32 - 
throughout the life of the Notes but there might be periodic adjustments (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
of the reference rate (e.g., every three months or six months) which itself will change in accordance with general 
market conditions. Accordingly, the market value of Floating Rate Notes may be volatile if changes, particularly 
short term changes, to market interest rates evidenced by the relevant reference rate can only be reflected in the 
interest rate of these Notes upon the next periodic adjustment of the relevant reference rate. Therefore, the amount 
of interest payable by the Issuer may vary and Noteholders may receive no interest. Should the reference rate be 
at any time negative, it could, notwithstanding the existence of the relevant margin, result in the actual floating 
rate, consisting in the reference rate and the relevant margin, being lower than the relevant margin, provided that 
in no event will the relevant interest amount be less than zero. The interest amount payable on any Interest Payment 
Date may be different from the amount payable on the initial or previous Interest Payment Date and may negatively 
impact the return under the Notes and result in a reduced market value of the Notes if a Noteholder were to dispose 
of its Notes. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the market value of Notes linked to or 
referencing such "benchmarks" 
In accordance with Condition 5(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the 
Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes, Fixed/Floating Rate Notes and Inverse Floating Rate Notes may 
be determined by reference to reference rates, which are deemed to be "benchmarks" for the purposes of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the "Benchmarks Regulation") published in the Official Journal of the EU on 29 
June 2016 and applied since 1 January 2018. 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" (including the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
("EURIBOR") and the Constant Maturity Swap rate (the "CMS Rate")) are the subject of recent national and 
international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while 
others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the 
past, to disappear entirely, to be subject to revised calculation methods, or have other consequences which cannot 
be predicted. Any such consequences could have a significant adverse effect on the liquidity and market value of 
and return on any Notes linked to or referencing such a "benchmark". 
The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark 
and the use of a benchmark within the European Union. In the United Kingdom, the Benchmarks Regulations as 
it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") 
provides for equivalent sets of rules. Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(5) (Benchmark 
discontinuation) which seek to offset any adverse effects for the Noteholders, the Benchmarks Regulation could 
have a material adverse impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”, in particular in any of the 
following circumstances: 
- 
 a rate or an index deemed to be a "benchmark" may not be permitted to be usedby a supervised entity in 
certain ways if its administrator does not obtain authorisation or registration or, if based in a non-EU 
jurisdiction, the administrator is not recognised as equivalent or recognised or endorsed and the 
transitional provisions do not apply; and 
- 
the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" could be changed in order to comply with the 
requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation or the UK BMR, as the case may be. Such changes could, 
among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the 
published rate or level of the "benchmark". 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of "benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the 
following effects on certain "benchmarks": (i) discourage market participants from continuing to administer or 
contribute to the "benchmark"; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the "benchmark" or (iii) 
lead to the disappearance of the "benchmark". Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a 
result of international, national or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, could have a 
significant adverse effect on the market value of and return on any Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark". 
Investors should be aware that, if a benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on 
Notes which are linked to such benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions 
applicable to such Notes. Depending on the manner in which a benchmark is to be determined under the

--- Page 33 ---
- 33 - 
Conditions, this may in certain circumstances (i) if ISDA Determination or FBF Determination applies, result in 
the application of a backward-looking, risk free overnight rate, whereas the benchmark rate is expressed on the 
basis of a forward-looking term and includes a risk-element based on inter-bank lending or (ii) if Screen Rate 
Determination applies, result in the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied for the 
immediately preceding Interest Period for which the benchmark was available. However, such fall-back provisions 
may be deviated from if deemed unsuitable by the Commission or the relevant national authority, as further 
explained below. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on the market value or liquidity of, and return 
on, any Notes linked to a "benchmark". 
The Benchmarks Regulation was amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 27 November 2019 and further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 10 February 2021 (the "Amending Regulation") which introduced a harmonised approach to 
deal with the cessation or wind-down of certain Benchmarks (such as EURIBOR) by conferring the power to 
designate a statutory replacement for said Benchmarks on the Commission or the relevant national authority, such 
replacement being limited to contracts and financial instruments (such as certain Notes issued under the 
Programme) which contain no fallback provision or no suitable fallback provisions before the date of cessation of 
the Benchmark concerned.   
For instance, if pursuant to a fallback provision included in the Condition 5(c)(iii) (Rate of Interest for Floating 
Rate Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes a Benchmark is replaced by a Benchmark which no longer 
reflects or which significantly diverges from the underlying market or the economic reality that the Benchmark in 
cessation is intended to measure, a statutory replacement of such Benchmark may be designated. This replacement 
could have a negative impact on the value or liquidity of, and return on, certain Notes issued under the Programme 
linked to or referencing such Benchmark and may not operate as intended at the relevant time or may perform 
differently from the discontinued or otherwise unavailable Benchmark. In addition, the Amending Regulation is 
subject to further development through delegated regulations, the transitional provisions applicable to third-
country Benchmarks are extended until 31 December 2025. Such developments may create uncertainty regarding 
any future legislative or regulatory requirements arising from the implementation of delegated regulations. 
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes which pay a floating rate of interest 
(including Floating Rate Notes, Fixed/Floating Rate Notes and Inverse Floating Rate Notes). In particular, if the 
methodology or other terms of the benchmark (such as EURIBOR) are changed in order to comply with the 
requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation, such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, 
increasing or otherwise affecting the level or volatility of such benchmark. In addition, market participants may 
be discouraged from continuing to administer or contribute to such benchmark and the rules or methodologies 
used in the benchmarks may change, which may lead to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of these changes, 
could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to a benchmark.  
If the relevant reference rate ceases to be calculated or administered and no alternative base rate is identified, this 
may result in the relevant reference rate no longer being available or being subject to replacement as described in 
"The occurrence of a Benchmark Event could have a material adverse effect on the market value of and return on 
any Notes linked to or referencing such "benchmarks" below, and the interest rate on such Notes will accrue at the 
last relevant rate plus the Margin, effectively converting such Notes into fixed rate instruments. 
Although EURIBOR has been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmarks Regulation, it 
remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or 
replaced with an alternative benchmark.Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their 
own assessment about the potential risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation and the UK BMR reforms or 
arising from the possible cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making any investment decision with 
respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a Benchmark. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event could have a material adverse effect on the market value of and return 
on any Notes linked to or referencing such "benchmarks" 
In case of Screen Rate Determination for Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark", Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(5) 
(Benchmark discontinuation) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements 
in the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, including if an Original Reference Rate becomes unavailable, or if 
the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, any Paying Agent or any other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate 
of Interest (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) are no longer permitted lawfully to calculate interest on any 
Notes by reference to such an Original Reference Rate under the Benchmarks Regulation or otherwise.

--- Page 34 ---
- 34 - 
Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the Rate of Interest could be set by reference to a Successor 
Rate or an Alternative Rate, with or without the application of an Adjustment Spread and may include amendments 
to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to ensure the proper operation of the successor or replacement 
benchmark, all as determined by an Independent Adviser and without consent of the Noteholders. An Adjustment 
Spread, if applied, could be positive or negative and would be applied with a view to reducing or eliminating, to 
the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to 
investors arising out of the replacement of an Original Reference Rate. However, it may not be possible to 
determine or apply an Adjustment Spread and even if an adjustment is applied, such Adjustment Spread may not 
effectively reduce or eliminate economic prejudice to investors. If no Adjustment Spread can be determined, a 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may nonetheless be used to determine the Rate of Interest. The use of a 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (including with the application of an Adjustment Spread) may still result in 
any Notes linked to or referencing to an Original Reference Rate performing differently (which may include 
payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in 
its current form. This could in turn impact the rate of interest on, and market value of, the affected Notes. Moreover, 
any holders of such Notes that enter into hedging instruments based on the Relevant Screen Page may find their 
hedges to be ineffective, and they may incur costs replacing such hedges with instruments tied to the Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate.  
The Successor Rates or Alternative Rates may have no or very limited trading history and accordingly their general 
evolution and/or interaction with other relevant market forces or elements may be difficult to determine or measure. 
This could significantly affect the performance of an alternative rate compared to the historical and expected 
performance the relevant benchmark.  
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined, the 
ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of the Rate of Interest for a particular Interest Accrual Period may 
result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Accrual Period being used. This may result in the 
effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the 
Relevant Screen Page. Subject to the right for the Issuer to re-apply, at any time, the provisions regarding the 
determination of a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the effective conversion into Fixed Rate Notes may affect 
the secondary market and the market value of the Notes as the fixed rate may be lower than the rates usually 
applicable to such Notes. In the event of the application of a fixed rate of interest, the Noteholders would not be 
able to benefit from any potentially favourable prevailing market conditions. 
In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates and the 
involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant 
time.  
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant rate 
could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark" 
or could have a material adverse effect on the market value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the 
Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark". Investors should note that, the Independent Adviser will have 
discretion to adjust the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) in the circumstances described 
above. Any such adjustment could have unexpected consequences and, due to the particular circumstances of each 
Noteholder, any such adjustment may not be favourable to each Noteholder.  
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event could result in the loss of a portion of the principal amount invested by 
Noteholders in the relevant Floating Rate Notes. 
Risks related to Notes which are linked to SONIA or €STR 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates (including overnight rates) as reference rates for 
Floating Rate Notes, Fixed/Floating Rate Notes and Inverse Floating Rate Notes.  
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates, such as the Euro short 
term rate ("€STR") and the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"), as reference rates in the capital markets 
for euro, sterling or U.S. dollar bonds, as applicable, and their adoption as alternatives to the relevant interbank 
offered rates. The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk free rates that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions and used in relation to Floating Rate Notes, 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes and Inverse Floating Rate Notes that reference a risk free rate issued under this Base 
Prospectus. The Issuer may in the future issue notes referencing €STR or SONIA in a way that differs materially

--- Page 35 ---
- 35 - 
in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous notes issued by the Issuer referencing €STR 
or SONIA.  
The continued development of the use of €STR or SONIA as interest reference rates for bond markets, as well as 
continued development of €STR-, or SONIA- based rates for such markets and of the market infrastructure for 
adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market 
price of the Notes. 
Interest on Notes which reference a risk free rate is only capable of being determined shortly prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which reference such risk free rates to reliably 
estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes. 
Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in the bond, 
loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place 
in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of any Notes.  
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, this 
may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned 
Condition 5(e) (Fixed/Floating Rate Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allow the Issuer to issue 
Notes that bear interest at a rate that (i) converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a 
fixed rate (including in relation to Notes for which the final Maturity Date may be extended automatically upon 
the occurrence of a Maturity Extension Trigger Event) or (ii) will be automatically converted from a fixed rate to 
a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate, in each case on the date set out in the Final Terms. The 
Issuer’s ability to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of the interest basis, may affect the secondary 
market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely 
to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing; Therefore, the change of interest basis may result in a lower interest 
return for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes 
tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other 
Notes. Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing 
rates on those Notes and could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. Investors should 
also note the risks set out above in relation to Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes. 
The Notes with an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a reference rate are more volatile 
Condition 5(f) (Inverse Floating Rate Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allow the Issuer to issue 
Notes with an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a reference rate. The market values of such 
Notes typically are more volatile than market values of other conventional floating rate debt securities based on 
the same reference rate (and with otherwise comparable terms). Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more volatile 
because an increase in the reference rate not only decreases the interest rate of the Notes, but may also reflect an 
increase in prevailing interest rates, which further adversely affects the market value of these Notes. It is difficult 
to anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have a significant adverse effect 
on the value of the Notes.
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium are generally subject to more fluctuations 
The relevant Final Terms of a Tranche of Notes will specify the relevant issue price. The market values of securities 
issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general 
changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the 
remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing 
securities with comparable maturities. Therefore, holders of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
could be exposed to greater losses on their investment than holders of conventional interest-bearing securities. 
Zero Coupon Notes  
Condition 5(d) (Zero Coupon Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allow the Issuer to issue Zero 
Coupon Notes. Changes in market interest rates have a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero Coupon 
Notes than on the prices of ordinary Notes because the discounted issue prices are substantially below par. If 
market interest rates increase, Zero Coupon Notes can suffer higher price losses than other Notes having the same

--- Page 36 ---
- 36 - 
maturity and credit rating. Due to their leverage effect, Zero Coupon Notes are a type of investment associated 
with a particularly high price risk. Therefore, in similar market conditions the holders of Zero Coupon Notes could 
be subject to higher losses on their investments than the holders of other instruments such as Fixed Rate Notes or 
Floating Rate Notes. It is difficult to anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may 
have a significant adverse effect on the value of the Notes. 
B. Redemption risks 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer can limit their market value 
The Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes may provide for an early redemption at the option of the Issuer (as 
described in Condition 6(e) (Early Redemption)). As a consequence, the yields received upon redemption may be 
lower than expected, and the redeemed face amount of the Notes may be lower than the purchase price for the 
Notes paid by the Noteholder. As a result, part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost, so that the 
Noteholder in such case would not receive the total amount of the capital invested. In addition, investors that 
choose to reinvest monies they receive through an early redemption may be able to do so only in securities with a 
lower yield than the redeemed Notes. 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the Issuer 
may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of such Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at 
which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The redeemed amount of the Notes may be lower than the purchase price for the Notes paid by the Noteholders. 
As a consequence, part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost, so that the Noteholder in such case 
would not receive the total amount of the capital invested. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. 
At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest 
rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower 
rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
In addition, the exercise of a redemption option by the Issuer only for certain Notes may affect the liquidity for the 
other Notes of the same Series for which the option has not been exercised. On the basis of the number of Notes 
of the same Series for which the redemption option provided in the relevant Final Terms was exercised, the 
securities market for which such redemption right was not exercised could become illiquid. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Noteholders: exercise of Put Option in respect of certain Notes may 
affect the liquidity of the Notes of the same Series in respect of which such option is not exercised 
Pursuant to Condition 6(d) (Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Noteholder, redeem such Notes on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at 
its Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. The exercise of 
the Put Option provided in Condition 6(d) (Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes in respect of certain Notes may affect the liquidity of the Notes in respect of which such 
option is not exercised. Depending on the number of Notes of the same Series in respect of which the Put Option 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms is exercised, any trading market in respect of those Notes in 
respect of which such option is not exercised may become illiquid. Therefore, Noteholders not having exercised 
their put option may not be able to sell their Notes on the market and may have to wait until the Issuer’s decision 
to redeem the Notes to obtain redemption of their investments in the Notes, which may have a negative impact on 
the Noteholders and reduce the profits anticipated by them at the time of the issue. In addition, investors may only 
be able to reinvest the moneys they receive upon such early redemption in securities with a lower yield than the 
redeemed Notes. 
Notes may be redeemed after their initial maturity
Pursuant to Condition 6(a) (Final Redemption) and if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, upon the occurrence 
of a Maturity Extension Trigger Event (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), the Maturity Date of the Notes 
will be extended automatically to the Extended Maturity Date.

--- Page 37 ---
- 37 - 
In that case, the payment of the Final Redemption Amount shall be automatically deferred and shall become due 
and payable on the Extended Maturity Date as specified in the relevant Final Terms, provided that all or part of 
the Final Redemption Amount unpaid on the Maturity Date may be paid by the Issuer on any Specified Interest 
Payment Date occurring thereafter up to and including the relevant Extended Maturity Date. Interest will continue 
to accrue on any unpaid amount during such extended period at the relevant applicable Rate of Interest (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) and be payable on each Specified Interest Payment Date and on the Extended Maturity 
Date all as specified in the relevant Final Terms and in accordance with the applicable Conditions.  
The extension of the maturity of the Notes from the Maturity Date to the Extended Maturity Date will not result 
in any right of the Noteholders to accelerate payments or take action against the Issuer and will result in a delay 
of payments of principal on the relevant Notes. As a result, investors may not be repaid in full at the Maturity Date 
but at the Extended Maturity Date and the liquidity and market value of the Notes between the Maturity Date and 
the Extended Maturity Date might be significantly affected. 
In addition, the situation of the Issuer may change between the Maturity Date and the Extended Maturity Date and 
the provisions relating to interest payable after the Maturity Date of any such Notes may differ from that those 
relating to interest payable before such Maturity Date. 
2. Risks related to all Series of Notes 
Absence of events of default in respect of the Notes  
The Notes do not contain any events of default. In no event will the Noteholders be able to accelerate the maturity 
of their Notes. Accordingly, if the Issuer fails to meet any obligations under the Notes, Noteholders will not have 
the right of acceleration of principal. Upon a payment default, the sole remedy available to Noteholders for 
recovery of amounts in respect of any payment of principal or interest on the Notes will be the institution of 
proceedings to enforce such payment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer will not, by virtue of the institution 
of any such proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been 
payable by it.  
Therefore, the liquidity and market value of the Notes may be significantly adversely affected and investors who 
sell Notes on the secondary market could lose all or part of their investment. 
Risks related to the resolution procedures under the European Bank Recovery and Resolution framework 
As a specialised credit institution (établissement de crédit spécialisé) and a subsidiary of Crelan SA/NV (i.e. a 
Belgian credit institution supervised by the ECB), the Issuer is subject to the provisions of Directive 2014/59/EU 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union dated 15 May 2014 establishing a framework 
for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (the "BRRD"). 
The powers provided to the authority designated by each EU Member State (the "Resolution Authority") in the 
BRRD and Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union 
of 15 July 2014 (the "SRM Regulation") include write-down/conversion powers to ensure that capital instruments 
(including subordinated debt instruments) and eligible liabilities (including senior debt instruments if junior 
instruments prove insufficient to absorb all losses, and to a certain extent the Notes) absorb losses of the issuing 
institution under resolution in accordance with a set order of priority (the "Bail-in Tool"), all as described in 
"Overview of the legislation and regulations relating to sociétés de crédit foncier and other legal issues - Resolution 
procedures under the European Bank Recovery and Resolution framework".  
To ensure that the Bail-in Tool will be effective, French credit institutions have to meet, at all times, a minimum 
requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities ("MREL") pursuant to Article L.613-44 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code. The MREL is expressed as a percentage of total liabilities and equity of the institution and 
aims to prevent institutions from structuring their commitments in a manner which could limit or prevent the 
effectiveness of the Bail-in Tool (see "Overview of the legislation and regulations relating to sociétés de crédit 
foncier and other legal issues - Resolution procedures under the European Bank Recovery and Resolution 
framework"). On 18 April 2023, the European Commission published a proposal for the further amendment of 
BRRD, which is part of the crisis management and deposit insurance ("CMDI") legislative package that also 
includes amendments to SRM Regulation and to BRRD ("SRMR2") and to Directive 2014/49/EU, the Deposit 
Guarantee Schemes Directive ("DGSD"). The proposal amends the BRRD, in particular as regards the improved 
application of the tools that are already available in the bank recovery and resolution framework, clarifying the 
conditions for resolution, facilitating access to safety nets in the event of bank failure, and improving the clarity

--- Page 38 ---
- 38 - 
and consistency of funding rules, the ranking of claims in insolvency and ensures a general depositor preference 
with a single-tier depositor preference, with the aim of enabling the deposit guarantee schemes funds in measures 
other than pay-out of covered deposits. 
With respect to the obligations foncières (such as the Notes), the BRRD provides that the Resolution Authority 
may not exercise the write-down or conversion powers in relation to secured liabilities including covered bonds 
and liabilities in the form of financial instruments used for hedging purposes which form an integral part of the 
cover pool and which according to national law are secured in a way similar to covered bonds, whether they are 
governed by the law of a Member State or of a third country. However, relevant claims for the purposes of the 
Bail-in Tool would still include the claims of the holders in respect of any Notes issued under the Programme, if 
and to the extent that the bond liability exceeded the value of the cover pool collateral against which it is secured. 
In such case and to such extent, the write-down or conversion requirements could result in the full (i.e., to zero) or 
partial write-down or conversion into ordinary shares or other instruments of ownership of the Notes, or the 
variation of the terms of Notes (for example, the maturity and/or interest payable may be altered and/or a temporary 
suspension of payments may be ordered). Also, the Resolution Authority would have broad powers to implement 
other resolution measures such as removing management, appointing an interim administrator, and discontinuing 
the listing and admission to trading of financial instruments. In that respect, it is worth noting that, pursuant to 
Articles L.513-12 and R.513-8 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), the 
Issuer shall maintain at all time a minimum legal cover ratio of at least one hundred and five per cent (105%) 
between its eligible assets and the total amount of its liabilities benefiting from the Privilège. In addition, 
Crelan SA/NV and the Issuer have entered into agreements in order to ensure, by transferring to the Issuer 
additional Eligible Assets or otherwise, that the Issuer will, at all times, maintain an overcollateralisation ratio 
between its assets and the Notes equal to or greater than one hundred and five per cent (105%) (see section entitled 
"Description of the Issuer"). On 30 September 2024, the asset cover ratio was equal to 108.52 %. 
The application of any resolution measure as described above, or any suggestion of such application, with respect 
to the Issuer could materially adversely affect the rights of the Noteholders, the price or value of an investment in 
the Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Notes, and as a result investors may 
lose their entire investment. 
Noteholders would have only very limited rights to challenge and/or seek a suspension of any decision of the 
Resolution Authority to exercise its resolution powers or to have that decision reviewed by a judicial or 
administrative process or otherwise. 
Risk related to French insolvency laws 
Although the Issuer, as a société de crédit foncier, benefits from a regime which derogates in many ways from the 
French legal provisions relating to insolvency proceedings (see "Overview of the legislation and regulations 
relating to sociétés de crédit foncier and other legal issues"), it is a société anonyme subject to French laws and 
proceedings affecting creditors (including conciliation proceedings (procédure de conciliation), safeguard 
proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde), accelerated safeguard proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde accélérée) 
and judicial reorganisation or liquidation proceedings (procédure de redressement ou de liquidation judiciaires). 
The Directive (EU) 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and disqualifications, 
and on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, insolvency and discharge of 
debt, and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 was implemented into French law by Ordonnance 2021-1193 dated 
15 September 2021. Such ordonnance, applicable as from 1st October 2021, amends French insolvency laws 
notably with regard to the process of adoption of restructuring plans under insolvency proceedings. According to 
this ordonnance, "affected parties" (including notably creditors, and therefore the Noteholders) are treated in 
separate classes which reflect certain class formation criteria for the purpose of adopting a restructuring plan. 
Classes are formed in such a way that each class comprises claims or interests with rights that reflect a sufficient 
commonality of interest based on verifiable criteria. Noteholders do no longer deliberate on the proposed 
restructuring plan in a separate assembly, meaning that they do no longer benefit from a specific veto power on 
this plan. Instead, as any other affected parties, the Noteholders are grouped into one or several classes (with 
potentially other types of creditors) and their dissenting vote may possibly be overridden (i) by a cram down inside 
their class if grouped with other creditors or (ii) by a cross-class cram down between classes. . For the avoidance 
of doubt, the provisions relating to the representation of the Noteholders described in Condition 10 (Representation 
of Noteholders) will not be applicable to the extent they are not in compliance with compulsory insolvency law 
provisions that apply in these circumstances.

--- Page 39 ---
- 39 - 
The decision of each class is taken by a two-third (2/3rd) majority of the voting rights of the participating members, 
no quorum being required. If the restructuring plan is not approved by all classes of affected parties, it can still be 
ratified by the court at the request of the Issuer or the receiver with the Issuer's consent and be imposed on 
dissenting classes through a cross-class cram down, under certain conditions. 
However, since the Issuer is a French société de crédit foncier, the opening of any amicable pre-insolvency 
proceedings or court-administered insolvency proceedings is subject to the ACPR's prior assent (avis conforme). 
In addition, the Issuer, as a specialised credit institution (établissement de crédit spécialisé), is also subject to the 
provisions of Articles L.613-25 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier). 
These provisions include inter alia specific rules on the opening of an insolvency proceeding against the Issuer, 
the involvement of the ACPR in the event of insolvency of the Issuer, specific concepts of suspension of payment 
(cessation des paiements) for the Issuer and some specific rules of liquidation for the Issuer (see "Overview of the 
legislation and regulations relating to sociétés de crédit foncier and other legal issues - Resolution procedures 
under the European Bank Recovery and Resolution framework"). 
Both the scopes of the Directive (EU) 2019/1023 and the Ordonnance 2021-1193 do not cover financial 
institutions, unless the competent authority chooses to make them applicable. In such a case, the application of 
French insolvency law to a specialised credit institution as the Issuer is also subject to the prior permission of the 
ACPR before the opening of any safeguard, judicial reorganisation or liquidation procedures. This limitation will 
affect the ability of the Noteholders to recover their investments in the Notes. 
Should such proceedings be opened, the commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer would have 
a material adverse effect on the market value of Notes issued by the Issuer. As a consequence, any decisions taken 
by a class of affected parties could negatively and significantly impact the Noteholders and cause them to lose all 
or part of their investment, should they not be able to recover all or part of the amounts due to them from the 
Issuer. 
Modification of the Conditions  
The holders of Notes will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series of Notes, be grouped automatically for the 
defence of their common interests in a masse which will act through a Representative or, as applicable, through 
collective decisions of the Noteholders (the "Collective Decisions"). The Collective Decisions can be adopted 
either (i) in a general meeting of the Noteholders (the "General Meeting"), (ii) by unanimous consent of the 
Noteholders following a written consultation (the "Written Unanimous Decision") or (iii) by the consent of one 
or more Noteholders holding together at least 75 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding, 
following a written consultation (the "Written Majority Decision"). The Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
permit in certain cases defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and 
vote at the relevant General Meeting or who did not vote through the relevant Written Unanimous Decision or 
Written Majority Decision and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. If a decision is adopted 
by a majority of Noteholders and such decision was to impair or limit the rights of the Noteholders, this may have 
a negative impact on the market value of the Notes. 
By exception to the above provisions, Condition 10(d)(iii) (Exclusion of certain provisions of the French 
Commercial Code) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provides that the provisions of Article L.228-65-I, 
1° and 4° of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) (respectively providing for a prior approval of the 
General Meeting of the Noteholders of any change in corporate purpose or form of the Issuer or of an issue of 
bonds benefiting from a security (sûreté réelle)) and the related provisions of the French Commercial Code (Code 
de commerce) shall not apply to the Notes. As a result of these exclusions, the prior approval of the Noteholders 
will not have to be obtained on any such matters which may affect their interests generally.  
Withholding Taxes - No gross-up obligation 
Pursuant to Condition 8(b) (No Additional Amounts) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, if any law or any 
agreement entered into with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (IRS) pursuant to to Foreign Account Tax 
Compliance Act ("FATCA") or an intergovernmental agreement implementing FATCA should require that any 
payments in respect of any Notes be subject to deduction or withholding in respect of any taxes or duties 
whatsoever, the Issuer will not pay any additional amounts in respect of any such deduction or withholding. 
Therefore, the corresponding risk will be borne by the Noteholders or, if applicable, the Receiptholders and the 
Couponholders.

--- Page 40 ---
- 40 - 
In addition, pursuant to Condition 6(f) (No Redemption for Taxation Reasons) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes, if any law or any agreement entered into with the IRS pursuant to FATCA or an intergovernmental 
agreement implementing FATCA, or by reason of a Noteholder having some connection with France other than 
the mere holding of the Notes, should require that payments of principal or interest in respect of any Note be 
subject to deduction or withholding in respect of any present or future taxes or duties whatsoever, such Notes may 
not be redeemed early. 
The Notes may not benefit from the "European Covered Bond (Premium)" label 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is entitled to use the "European Covered Bond (Premium)" label 
(label "obligation garantie européenne de qualité supérieure") and Notes to be issued under the Programme are 
eligible to the "European Covered Bond (Premium)" label (label "obligation garantie européenne de qualité 
supérieure").  
The "European Covered Bond (Premium)" label for issuances of obligations foncières or other resources benefiting 
from the Privilège is based on compliance with the legal framework applicable to sociétés de crédit foncier and 
the provisions of Article 129 of Regulation (EU) no. 575/2013 dated 26 June 2013 (as amended). 
Notes to be issued under the Programme may not be allowed to use the "European Covered Bond (Premium)" 
label until their Maturity Date. As a result, investors should regularly check the current label status in respect of 
any given Series of Notes on the website of the French ACPR. 
Moreover, any Series of Notes to be issued under the Programme and assimilated (assimilées) with Notes already 
issued under the Previous Terms and Conditions (except any Notes issued as from 8 July 2022) will not benefit 
from the "European Covered Bond (Premium)" label.  
Any non compliance, absence, delay in obtention or withdrawal of the "European Covered Bond (Premium)" label 
in respect of any Series of Notes may adversely affect the value of the outstanding Notes, increase the Issuer's cost 
of borrowing and adversely affect the Issuer's ability to issue new Notes. As a result, investors could lose part of 
their investment in the Notes. Such events may also have a negative impact on the prudential treatment of the 
investment for the investors, in particular credit institutions.  
3. Risks related to the trading markets of the Notes 
An active trading market for the Notes may not develop 
Although it may be specified in the relevant Final Terms that particular series of Notes are expected to be admitted 
to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or any other Regulated Market in the EEA following the 
passporting of the Base Prospectus, any particular Tranche of Notes may not be so admitted or an active trading 
market may not develop. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide 
them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly 
the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific 
investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited 
categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more 
price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have an adverse effect on the market value of 
Notes. 
Noteholders may not be able to sell Notes readily or at prices that would enable Noteholders to realise their 
anticipated yield. This could have a material adverse impact on the Noteholders and, as a result, Noteholders could 
lose all or part of their investments in the Notes. 
Market value of the Notes 
The relevant Final Terms of a Tranche of Notes will specify the relevant stock exchange where the Notes will be 
admitted to trading. Application may be made to list and admit any Series of Notes issued hereunder to trading on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or on any other Regulated Market or any other stock exchange, as the case 
may be, following the passporting of this Base Prospectus. Therefore, the market value of the Notes will be affected 
by the creditworthiness of the Issuer and a number of additional factors, including, but not limited to, the volatility 
of market interest and yield rates and the time remaining to the maturity date.

--- Page 41 ---
- 41 - 
The value of the Notes also depends on a number of interrelated factors, including economic, financial and political 
events in France, in Europe, in the United Kingdom or elsewhere, including factors affecting capital markets 
generally and the stock exchanges on which the Notes are traded. The price at which a Noteholder will be able to 
sell the Notes prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could be substantial, from the issue price or the 
purchase price paid by such Noteholder and result in losing all or part of their investment in the Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Programme allows for Notes to be issued in a range of currencies (the "Specified Currency") as defined in 
Condition 5(a) (Definitions) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes). The Issuer will pay principal and interest 
on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's 
financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other 
than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including 
changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that 
authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An 
appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the 
Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal 
payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes.  
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than 
expected, or no interest or principal.

--- Page 42 ---
- 42 - 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed in conjunction with the following documents which have been 
previously or simultaneously published and filed with the Commission de surveillance du secteur financier
(the "CSSF") and which are incorporated by reference in, and shall be deemed to form part of, this Base 
Prospectus: 
- 
the Annual Report of the Issuer (in the French language) which contains the audited financial 
statements (including the cash flow statements) of the Issuer for the period from 1 January 2023 to 
31 December 
2023 
and 
the 
auditors' 
report 
thereon 
(the 
"2023 
Annual 
Report") 
(https://www.crelan.be/sites/default/files/axa/Covered-Bonds/Annual-
reports/SCFAnnuelReport2023.pdf);  
- 
the Annual Report of the Issuer (in the French language) which contains the audited financial 
statements (including the cash flow statements) of the Issuer for the period from 1 January 2022 to 
31 December 
2022 
and 
the 
auditors' 
report 
thereon 
(the 
"2022 
Annual 
Report") 
(https://www.crelan.be/sites/default/files/axa/Covered-Bonds/Annual-
reports/SCFAnnuelReport2022.pdf);   
- 
the half-year financial report (rapport financier semestriel) of the Issuer (in the French language) 
which contains the semi-annual accounts for the six (6) months period ended 30 June 2024 and the 
statutory auditors' limited review report on such semi-annual accounts (the "2024 Half-Year 
Financial 
Report") 
(https://www.crelan.be/sites/default/files/documents/Half-Year-financial-
statement-202406.pdf);  
and, for the purposes only of further issues of Notes to be assimilated (assimilées for the purpose of 
French law) and form a single Series with French law Privileged Notes already issued under the relevant 
EMTN Previous Conditions (as defined below): 
- 
the section "Terms and Conditions" of the base prospectus dated 8 January 2020 (the "2020 Terms 
and Conditions") (pages 40 to 75) (https://www.crelan.be/sites/default/files/axa/Covered-
Bonds/Base%20prospectus/20200108BaseProspectus.pdf);  
- 
the section "Terms and Conditions" of the base prospectus dated 12 February 2021 (the "2021 Terms 
and Conditions") (pages 44 to 77) (https://www.crelan.be/sites/default/files/axa/Covered-
Bonds/Base%20prospectus/20210212BaseProspectus.pdf);  
- 
the section "Terms and Conditions" of the base prospectus dated 14 January 2022 (pages 45 to 78) 
(https://www.crelan.be/sites/default/files/axa/Covered-
Bonds/Base%20prospectus/20220114BaseProspectus.pdf) as amended by the supplement dated 17 
October 
2022 
(https://www.crelan.be/sites/default/files/axa/Covered-
Bonds/Base%20prospectus/20221017SupplementtotheBasePropsectus.pdf) (pages 10 to 11) (the 
"2022 Terms and Conditions") ;  
- 
the section "Terms and Conditions" of the base prospectus dated 6 February 2023 (the "2023 Terms 
and Conditions") (pages 46 to 82) (https://www.crelan.be/sites/default/files/axa/Covered-
Bonds/Base%20prospectus/20230206BaseProspectus.pdf).  
- 
the section "Terms and Conditions" of the base prospectus dated 13 February 2024 (the "2024 Terms 
and Conditions") together with the 2020 Terms and Conditions, the 2021 Terms and Conditions, the 
2022 Terms and Conditions, the 2023 Terms and Conditions and the 2024 Terms and Conditions, the 
"EMTN 
Previous 
Conditions" 
(pages 
47 
to 
83)

--- Page 43 ---
- 43 - 
(https://www.crelan.be/sites/default/files/axa/Covered-
Bonds/Base%20prospectus/20240213baseprospectus.pdf).  
To the extent that only the EMTN Previous Conditions are specified to be incorporated by reference therein, the 
non-incorporated parts of the previous base prospectuses are either not relevant for investors or are covered 
elsewhere in the Base Prospectus. 
The documents listed above have been previously published, or are published simultaneously with this Base 
Prospectus and have been filed with the CSSF. 
Such documents shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference in and form part of this Base Prospectus, save 
that (i) any statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or 
superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or 
supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), and (ii) any statement 
contained in this Base Prospectus or in a section that is incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed to be 
modified or superseded for the purpose of the Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in any 
section which is subsequently incorporated by reference herein by way of a supplement prepared in accordance 
with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by 
implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, 
constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus may be obtained from the offices of the 
Paying Agent(s) (as set out herein), on the website of the Issuer at (https://www.crelan.be/fr/particuliers/covered-
bonds) and will also be available on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
Except for the EMTN Previous Conditions, the information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall 
be read in connection with the cross reference list below. In accordance with Article 19 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, any information contained in any of the documents specified above which is not listed in the cross-
reference list below is either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference, the information on the 
websites to which this Base Prospectus refers are for information purposes only, do not form part of this Base 
Prospectus and have not been scrutinised or approved by the Commission de surveillance du secteur financier.

--- Page 44 ---
- 44 - 
CROSS REFERENCE LIST 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
(Annex 6 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2019/980 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation as 
amended)
REFERENCE 
11. FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE 
ISSUER'S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL 
POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
Financial Statements for the period from 1 January 2023 to 
31 December 2023 
pages 22 to 42 of the 2023 Annual Report
- Balance Sheet (Bilan) relating to the above 
pages 22 to 23 of the 2023 Annual Report 
- Income Statement (Compte de résultat) relating to the above 
page 25 of the 2023 Annual Report 
- Off-Balance Sheet (Hors bilan) relating to the above 
page 24 of the 2023 Annual Report 
- cash flow statements (tableau de flux de trésorerie) 
page 42 of the 2023 Annual Report 
- Notes relating to the above 
pages 26 to 42 of the 2023 Annual Report 
- Auditors' report (Rapport des commissaires aux comptes sur les 
comptes annuels) relating to the above 
pages 44 to 49 of the 2023 Annual Report 
Financial Statements for the period from 1 January 2022 to 
31 December 2022 
pages 24 to 45 of the 2022 Annual Report
- Balance Sheet (Bilan) relating to the above 
pages 24 to 25 of the 2022 Annual Report 
- Income Statement (Compte de résultat) relating to the above 
page 27 of the 2022 Annual Report 
- Off-Balance Sheet (Hors bilan) relating to the above 
page 26 of the 2022 Annual Report 
- cash flow statements (tableau de flux de trésorerie) 
page 45 of the 2022 Annual Report 
- Notes relating to the above 
pages 28 to 45 of the 2022 Annual Report 
- Auditors' report (Rapport des commissaires aux comptes sur les 
comptes annuels) relating to the above 
pages 47 to 53 of the 2022 Annual Report 
Semi-annual accounts for the six (6) months period ended 30 
June 2024
pages 9 to 29 of the 2024 Half-Year Financial 
Report 
- Balance Sheet (Bilan) relating to the above 
pages 9 and 10 of the 2024 Half-Year Financial 
Report 
- Income Statement (Compte de résultat) relating to the above 
page 12 of the 2024 Half-Year Financial Report
- Off-Balance Sheet (Hors bilan) relating to the above 
page 11 of the 2024 Half-Year Financial Report
- cash flow statements (tableau de flux de trésorerie) 
pages 28 and 29 of the 2024 Half-Year 
Financial Report 
- Notes relating to the above 
pages 13 to 29 of the 2024 Half-Year Financial 
Report 
- Auditors' limited review report  
(Rapport des commissaires aux comptes sur l'information 
financière semestrielle) relating to the above 
pages 31 and 32 of the 2024 Half-Year 
Financial Report

--- Page 45 ---
- 45 - 
The Previous Terms and Conditions are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus for the purpose only of 
further issues of Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with Notes already issued under the 
relevant Previous Terms and Conditions (other than Notes with an Extended Maturity Date issued before 8 July 
2022), it being further provided that Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) with Notes already issued under the 
relevant Previous Terms and Conditions (other than any Notes issued as from 8 July 2022) will not benefit from 
the "European Covered Bond (Premium)" label.
Information incorporated by reference 
Reference 
2020 Terms and Conditions 
Pages 40 to 75 
2021 Terms and Conditions 
Pages 44 to 77 
2022 Terms and Conditions  
Pages 45 to 78 as amended by the supplement dated 
17 October 2022 (pages 10 to 11) 
2023 Terms and Conditions 
Pages 46 to 82 
2024 Terms and Conditions 
Pages 47 to 83

--- Page 46 ---
- 46 - 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS
In connection with Notes admitted to trading on a Regulated Market, unless the Issuer does not intend to issue 
Notes under the Programme for the time being, if at any time during the duration of the Programme, there is any 
significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the information included or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, the Issuer shall prepare 
a supplement to the Base Prospectus in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 18 of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979 as amended or publish a replacement Base Prospectus for use 
in connection with any subsequent offering of the Notes, submit such supplement to the Base Prospectus or 
replacement Base Prospectus to the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier in Luxembourg for approval 
and supply each Dealer, the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur 
Financier in Luxembourg with such number of copies of such supplement to the Base Prospectus or replacement 
Base Prospectus, as may reasonably be requested. 
On 7 February 2026, this Base Prospectus, as supplemented (as the case may be), will expire and the obligation to 
supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies 
will no longer apply.  
Any Supplement shall be (a) published on the websites of (i) the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) 
and (ii) the Issuer (https://www.crelan.be/fr/particuliers/covered-bonds) and (b) available for inspection and 
obtainable, upon request and free of charge, during usual business hours,on any weekday at the registered office 
of the Issuer.

--- Page 47 ---
- 47 - 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, as completed in accordance with the provisions of the 
relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes. In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the text of the terms 
and conditions will not be endorsed on physical documents of title but will be constituted by the following text as 
completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the case of Materialised Notes, either (i) the full text of these terms and 
conditions together with the relevant provisions of the Final Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions as so 
completed (in each case subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions) shall be endorsed 
on Definitive Materialised Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the 
meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms. References below to "Conditions" are, unless the context 
requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs below. References in the Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes 
of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
The obligations foncières (the "Notes") are issued by Crelan Home Loan SCF (the "Issuer") in series (each a 
"Series") having one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical save as to the first payment 
of interest), the Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each 
Series may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on the same or different issue dates. The specific terms of 
each Tranche (including, without limitation, the aggregate nominal amount, issue price, redemption price thereof, 
and interest, if any, payable thereunder) will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of 
the issue and will be set out in the final terms of such Tranche (the "Final Terms").
The Notes are issued with the benefit of an amended and restated agency agreement dated 7 February 2025 (the 
"Agency Agreement") between the Issuer, BNP PARIBAS, as fiscal agent and principal paying agent and the 
other agents named therein. The fiscal agent, the paying agents and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if 
any) are referred to below respectively as the "Fiscal Agent", the "Paying Agents" (which expression shall include 
the Fiscal Agent) and the "Calculation Agent(s)". The holders of the interest coupons (the "Coupons") relating to 
interest bearing Materialised Notes and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons (the "Talons") for 
further Coupons and the holders of the receipts for the payment of instalments of principal (the "Receipts") relating 
to Materialised Notes of which the principal is redeemable in instalments are respectively referred to below as the 
"Couponholders" and the "Receiptholders".
For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions, "Regulated Market" means any regulated market situated in a 
Member State of the European Economic Area ("EEA") as defined in the Markets in Financial Instruments 
Directive 2014/65/EU dated 15 May 2014, as amended from time to time, appearing on the list of regulated markets 
issued by the European Securities and Markets Authority. 
1.
Form, Denomination, Title and Redenomination
(a)
Form
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in materialised form 
("Materialised Notes"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms.
(i)
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-
1 et seq.of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) by book entries 
(inscriptions en compte). No physical document of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant 
to Article R.211-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) will be 
issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes.
Dematerialised Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer, in either bearer form (au porteur), which 
will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary) which shall credit the 
accounts of the Account Holders, or in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the 
option of the relevant holder in either administered registered form (nominatif administré) inscribed 
in the books of an Account Holder designated by the relevant holder of Notes or in fully registered 
form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in an account maintained by the Issuer or a registration agent 
(designated in the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer (the "Registration Agent").

--- Page 48 ---
- 48 - 
To the extent permitted by the applicable law, the Issuer may require from the central depositary the 
identification of the Noteholders, unless such right is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms.
For the purpose of these Conditions, "Account Holder" means any intermediary institution entitled 
to hold accounts, directly or indirectly, with Euroclear France, and includes Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
("Euroclear") and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream").
(ii)
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form only. Materialised Notes in definitive form ("Definitive 
Materialised Notes") are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a 
Talon) attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other than 
in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date or the Extended Maturity Date, if any), Coupons and 
Talons in these Conditions are not applicable. "Instalment Notes" are issued with one or more 
Receipts attached.
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier), securities (such as Notes constituting obligations under French law) in 
materialised form and governed by French law must be issued outside the French territory.
Materialised Notes and Dematerialised Notes may also be cleared through one or more clearing 
system(s) other than or in addition to Euroclear France, Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg, 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes may be "Fixed Rate Notes", "Floating Rate Notes", "Fixed/Floating Rate Notes", "Zero 
Coupon Notes", "Inverse Floating Rate Notes" or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending 
on the Interest Basis and the redemption method specified in the relevant Final Terms.
(b)
Denomination
Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) set out in the relevant Final Terms (the "Specified 
Denomination(s)"), save that the minimum denomination of all Notes admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, 
as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") will be of €1,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency at the 
issue date of such Notes) or such higher amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant monetary authority or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency. 
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
(c)
Title
(i)
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) and in administered registered form 
(au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, 
registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Account Holders. Title to Dematerialised Notes in 
fully registered form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be 
effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts maintained by the Issuer or by the 
Registration Agent.
(ii)
Title to Definitive Materialised Notes, including, where appropriate, Receipt(s), Coupons and/or a 
Talon attached, shall pass by delivery.
(iii) Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any Note 
(as defined below), Coupon, Receipt or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute 
owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, or an 
interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder.

--- Page 49 ---
- 49 - 
(iv) In these Conditions,
"Noteholder" or, as the case may be, "holder of any Note" means:
(i)
in the case of Dematerialised Notes, the individual or entity whose name appears in the account 
of the relevant Account Holder, the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being 
entitled to such Notes;
(ii)
in the case of Definitive Materialised Notes, the bearer of any Definitive Materialised Note and 
the Coupons, Receipts or Talons relating to it; and
(iii) in the case of Materialised Notes in respect of which a Temporary Global Certificate has been 
issued and is outstanding, each person (other than a clearing institution) who appears as the 
holder of such Notes or of a particular nominal amount of interests in such Notes, in accordance 
with the applicable laws and regulations and with the applicable rules and procedure of any 
relevant clearing institution, including, without limitation, Euroclear France, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, as appropriate.
(d)
Redenomination
(i)
The Issuer may (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), on any date, without the consent of the 
holder of any Note, Coupon, Receipt or Talon, by giving at least thirty (30) calendar days' notice in 
accordance with Condition 13 and on or after the date on which the European Member State in whose 
national currency the Notes are denominated has become a participating Member State in the single 
currency of the European Economic and Monetary Union (as provided in the Treaty establishing the 
European Community (the "EC", as amended from time to time (the "Treaty")) or events have 
occurred which have substantially the same effects (in either case, "EMU"), redenominate all, but not 
some only, of the Notes of any Series into Euro and adjust the aggregate principal amount and the 
Specified Denomination(s) set out in the relevant Final Terms accordingly, as described below. The 
date on which such redenomination becomes effective shall be referred to in these Conditions as the 
"Redenomination Date".
(ii)
The redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 1(d)(i) shall be made by converting the 
principal amount of each Note from the relevant national currency into Euro using the fixed relevant 
national currency Euro conversion rate established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to 
Article 123(4) of the Treaty and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest Euro 0.01 (with Euro 
0.005 being rounded upwards). If the Issuer so elects, the figure resulting from conversion of the 
principal amount of each Note using the fixed relevant national currency Euro conversion rate shall 
be rounded down to the nearest Euro. The Euro denominations of the Notes so determined shall be 
notified to holders of Notes in accordance with Condition 13. Any balance remaining from the 
redenomination with a denomination higher than Euro 0.01 shall be paid by way of cash adjustment 
rounded to the nearest Euro 0.01 (with Euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). Such cash adjustment 
will be payable in Euro on the Redenomination Date in the manner notified to holders of Notes by the 
Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, the minimum denomination of each redenominated Note shall not 
be less than €1,000.
(iii) Upon redenomination of the Notes, any reference hereon to the relevant national currency shall be 
construed as a reference to Euro.
(iv) The Issuer may, with the prior approval of the Fiscal Agent, in connection with any redenomination 
pursuant to this Condition or any consolidation pursuant to Condition 12, without the consent of the 
holder of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon, make any changes or additions to these Conditions or 
Condition 12 (including, without limitation, any change to any applicable business day definition, 
business day convention, principal financial centre of the country of the Specified Currency, interest 
accrual basis or benchmark), taking into account market practice in respect of redenominated 
Euromarket debt obligations and which it believes are not prejudicial to the interests of such holders. 
Any such changes or additions shall, in the absence of manifest error, be binding on the holders of 
Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons and shall be notified to holders of Notes in accordance with 
Condition 13 as soon as practicable thereafter.

--- Page 50 ---
- 50 - 
(v)
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to the holder of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or 
Talon or other person for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or resulting from 
the credit or transfer of Euro or any currency conversion or rounding effected in connection therewith.
2.
Conversions and Exchanges of Notes
(a)
Dematerialised Notes
(i)
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer form (au porteur) may not be converted for Dematerialised 
Notes in registered form, whether in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) or in administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré).
(ii)
Dematerialised Notes issued in registered form (au nominatif) may not be converted for 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur).
(iii) Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the option of the holder 
of such Notes, be converted into Notes in administered registered form (au nominatif administré), and 
vice versa. The exercise of any such option by such holder shall be made in accordance with Article 
R.211-4 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier). Any such 
conversion shall be effected at the cost of such holder.
(b)
Materialised Notes
Materialised Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Materialised Notes of another 
Specified Denomination.
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire 
et financier), securities (such as Notes constituting obligations under French law) in materialised form and 
governed by French law must be issued outside the French territory.
3.
Status
The principal and interest of the Notes and, where applicable, any Receipts and Coupons relating to them 
constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and, pursuant to the provisions of Condition 4, privileged 
obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves 
and equally and rateably with all other present or future notes (including the Notes of all other Series) and 
other resources raised by the Issuer benefiting from the privilège (the "Privilège") created by Article L.513-
11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) as described in Condition 4.
4.
Privilège
(a)
The principal and interest of the Notes benefit from the Privilège (priority right of payment) created 
by Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier).
(b)
Accordingly, notwithstanding any legal provisions to the contrary (including Livre VI of the French 
Commercial Code (Code de Commerce)), pursuant to Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier):
(i) 
the sums deriving from loans, assimilated receivables, exposures, securities and deposits 
referred to in Articles L.513-3 to L.513-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier), including any mortgage, charge, lien or other guarantee or indemnity 
relating thereto, and from forward financial instruments used for hedging as referred to in 
Article L.513-10 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) (in 
each case after any applicable set-off), together with the claims in respect of deposits made by 
the Issuer with credit institutions, are allocated in priority to the payment of any sums due in 
respect of obligations foncières such as the Notes, other resources benefiting from the Privilège
as mentioned in Article L.513-2 I 2°of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier), to derivatives transactions used for hedging, under the conditions of 
Article L.513-10 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), 
as well as to some ancillary expenses and the sums, if any, due under the contract provided for 
in Article L.513-15 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier);

--- Page 51 ---
- 51 - 
(ii) 
in the case of safeguard (sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or 
judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) proceedings against the Issuer, or resolution 
proceedings (procédure de résolution) opened pursuant to Article L.613-49 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) against the Issuer, all amounts due 
by the Issuer and arising regularly from the transactions referred to in paragraph 2 of I of Article 
L.513-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) (including 
some ancillary expenses and the sums, if any, due under the contract provided for in Article 
L.513-15 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier)), are paid 
on their contractual due date, and in priority to all other Issuer's debts, whether or not preferred 
or secured, including interest resulting from agreements whatever their duration. Accordingly, 
until all creditors (including the Noteholders) benefiting from the Privilège have been fully 
paid, no other creditor of the Issuer may exercise any right over the assets and rights of the 
Issuer, either in principal or accrued or future interest; and 
(iii) neither the safeguard (sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or judicial 
liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) proceedings against the Issuer, nor resolution proceedings 
opened pursuant to Article L.613-49 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier) against the Issuer will result in the acceleration of payment of 
obligations foncières such as the Notes and other resources benefiting from the Privilège. In 
addition, the same proceedings will not result by themselves in the alteration, set-off, 
suspension or termination of forward financial instruments entered into by the Issuer. 
5.
Interest and other Calculations
(a)
Definitions
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below:
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc., as may be supplemented or amended as at the Issue Date1.
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., as may be supplemented or amended as at the Issue 
Date2.
"Benchmark" means the reference rate set out in the relevant Final Terms, which shall be either the Euro 
Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR"), the Sterling overnight index average ("SONIA"), the CMS Rate, 
€STR or any other reference rate. 
"Business Day" means:
(i)
in the case of Euro, a day on which the Eurosystem’s real-time gross settlement system or any 
successor thereto ("T2") is operating (a "T2 Business Day"), and/or
(ii)
in the case of a Specified Currency other than Euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial centre for 
that currency, and/or
(iii) in the case of a Specified Currency and/or one or more additional business centre(s) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (the "Business Centre(s)"), a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency in the Business 
Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business Centres so specified.
1
Copies of such 2006 ISDA Definitions may be obtained, free of charge, at the principal office of the Issuer 
during normal business hours.  
2
Copies of such 2021 ISDA Definitions may be obtained, free of charge, at the principal office of the Issuer 
during normal business hours.

--- Page 52 ---
- 52 - 
"CMS Rate" shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the Reference Currency with a 
maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page 
as at the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent.
"CMS Reference Banks" means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the principal office of five 
leading swap dealers in the inter-bank market, (ii) where the Reference Currency is Sterling, the principal 
London office of five leading swap dealers in the London inter-bank market, (iii) where the Reference 
Currency is United States dollars, the principal New York City office of five leading swap dealers in the 
New York City inter-bank market, or (iv) in the case of any other Reference Currency, the principal Relevant 
Financial Centre office of five leading swap dealers in the Relevant Financial Centre inter-bank market, in 
each case selected by the Calculation Agent.
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any 
period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not 
constituting an Interest Period, the "Calculation Period"):
(i)
if "Actual/Actual", "Actual/Actual-ISDA", "Act/Act", "Act/Act-ISDA" or "Actual/365-FBF" is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365);
(ii)
if "Actual/Actual-FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose numerator is the 
actual number of days elapsed during such period and whose denominator is 365 (or 366 if 29 
February falls within the Calculation Period). If the Calculation Period is of a duration of more than 
one (1) year, the basis shall be calculated as follows:
(x)
the number of complete years shall be counted back from the last day of the Calculation Period;
(y)
this number shall be increased by the fraction for the relevant period calculated as set out in the 
first paragraph of this definition;
(iii) if "Actual/Actual-ICMA" or "Act/Act-ICMA" is specified in the relevant Final Terms:
(A) if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which it 
falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods normally ending 
in any year; and
(B) if the Calculation Period is longer than one (1) Determination Period, the sum of:
(x)
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period in which 
it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and
(y)
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year,
in each case where 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year 
to but excluding the next Determination Date, and 
"Determination Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so 
specified, the Interest Payment Date;
(iv) if "Actual/365 (Fixed)", "Act/365 (Fixed)", "A/365 (Fixed)" or "A/365 F" is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365;

--- Page 53 ---
- 53 - 
(v)
if "Actual/360", "Act/360" or "A/360" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360;
(vi) if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction = 
 x [[360 x ( Y2 - Y1)] + [30 x (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1)]
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
the Calculation Period falls;
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls;
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included the Calculation Period falls;
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 greater than 29, in which case D2 will 
be 30;
(vii) if "30/360-FBF" or "Actual 30A/360 (American Bond Basis)" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, in respect of each Calculation Period, the fraction whose denominator is 360 and whose 
numerator is the number of days calculated as for 30E/360-FBF, subject to the following exception:
where the last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st and the first day is neither the 30th nor the 
31st, the last month of the Calculation Period shall be deemed to be a month of thirty-one (31) calendar 
days,
using the same abbreviations as for 30E/360-FBF, the fraction is:
If dd2 = 31 and dd1  (30,31)
then:
1
× [(yy2 - yy1) × 360 + (mm2 - mm1) × 30 + (dd2 - dd1)]
360
or
1
× [(yy2 - yy1) × 360 + (mm2 - mm1) × 30 + Min (dd2 , 30) - Min (dd1 , 30)];
360
(viii)
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction = 
 x [[360 x ( Y2 - Y1)] + [30 x (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1)]
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls;
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls;
360
1
360
1

--- Page 54 ---
- 54 - 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls;
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30.
(ix) if "30E/360-FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of each Calculation Period, the 
fraction whose denominator is 360 and whose numerator is the number of days elapsed during such 
period, calculated on the basis of a year comprising twelve (12) months of thirty (30) calendar days, 
subject to the following the exception:
if the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of February, the number of days 
elapsed during such month shall be the actual number of days,
where:
D1 (dd1, mm1, yy1) is the date of the beginning of the period
D2 (dd2, mm2, yy2) is the date of the end of the period
the fraction is:
1
× [(yy2 - yy1) × 360 + (mm2 - mm1) × 30 + Min (dd2 , 30) - Min (dd1 , 30)].
360
(x)
if "30E/360-ISDA" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction = 
 x [[360 x ( Y2 - Y1)] + [30 x (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1)]
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls;
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls;
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls;
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is 
the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date (or the 
Extended Maturity Date, if any) or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30.
"Effective Date" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an Interest Determination 
Date, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the first day of the 
Interest Accrual Period to which such Interest Determination Date relates.
"€STR" has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(4).
"Euro Zone" means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that have adopted or 
adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty.
"FBF Definitions" means the definitions set out in the 2013 FBF Master Agreement relating to transactions 
on forward financial instruments as supplemented by the Technical Schedules (Additifs Techniques), as 
supplemented or amended as at the Issue Date, as published by the Fédération Bancaire Française (together 
the "FBF Master Agreement"), a copy of which is available on the website of the Fédération Bancaire 
Française (www.fbf.fr).
360
1

--- Page 55 ---
- 55 - 
"Interest Accrual Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning on 
(and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period 
Date.
"Interest Amount" means the amount of interest payable, and in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, means the 
Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, as the case may be.
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, the 
date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the day falling two (2) T2 
Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Euro or (ii) 
the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (iii) the day falling two 
(2) Business Days in the city specified in the Final Terms for the Specified Currency prior to the first day 
of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor Euro.
"Interest Payment Date" means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms.
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment 
Date, or the relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment 
Date.
"Interest Period Date" means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.
"Margin" means for an Interest Accrual Period with respect to any Floating Rate Note, the percentage or 
basis points for the applicable Interest Accrual Period, as indicated in the relevant Final Terms, it being 
specified that such margin may have a positive value, a negative value or equal zero.
"Outstanding" or "outstanding" means, in relation to Notes of any Series, all the Notes issued other than 
(a) those that have been redeemed in accordance with these Conditions, (b) those in respect of which the 
date for redemption has occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest accrued on such Notes 
to the date for such redemption and any interest payable after such date) have been duly paid as provided 
in these Conditions, (c) those which have become void or in respect of which claims have become 
prescribed, (d) those which have been purchased and cancelled as provided in these Conditions, (e) in the 
case of Definitive Materialised Notes (i) those mutilated or defaced Definitive Materialised Notes that have 
been surrendered in exchange for replacement Definitive Materialised Notes, (ii) (for the purpose only of 
determining how many such Definitive Materialised Notes are outstanding and without prejudice to their 
status for any other purpose) those Definitive Materialised Notes alleged to have been lost, stolen or 
destroyed and in respect of which replacement Definitive Materialised Notes have been issued and (iii) any 
Temporary Global Certificate to the extent that it shall have been exchanged for one (1) or more Definitive 
Materialised Notes, pursuant to its provisions.
"Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information service 
(including, but not limited to, Reuters Markets 3000) as may be specified for the purpose of providing a 
Relevant Rate, or such other page, section, caption, column or other part as may replace it on that 
information service or on such other information service, in each case as may be nominated by the person 
or organisation providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates 
or prices comparable to that Relevant Rate.
"Primary Source" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance with a Screen 
Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the primary source specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest applicable from time to time in respect of the Notes and that 
is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 56 ---
- 56 - 
"Reference Banks" means the institutions specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four 
major banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or 
over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the Benchmark (which, if 
EURIBOR is the relevant Benchmark, shall be the Euro-zone).
"Relevant Date" means, in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon, the date on which payment in respect 
of it first became due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date 
on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (in the case of Materialised Notes if earlier) 
the date seven (7) calendar days after that on which notice is duly given to the holders of such Materialised 
Notes that, upon further presentation of the Materialised Note, Receipt or Coupon being made in accordance 
with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such 
presentation.
"Relevant Financial Centre" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance 
with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the financial centre as may be 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the financial centre with which the 
relevant Benchmark is most closely connected (which, in the case of EURIBOR or €STR, shall be the Euro-
zone) or, if none is so connected, Paris.
"Relevant Rate" means the Benchmark for a Representative Amount of the Specified Currency for a period 
(if applicable or appropriate to the Benchmark) equal to the Specified Duration commencing on the 
Effective Date.
"Relevant Swap Rate" means:
(i)
where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap rate determined on the basis 
of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 
day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating euro interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to the 
Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest Period and in a 
Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the 
floating leg, in each case calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to EUR-
EURIBOR (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the Notes with a designated maturity determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to 
standard market practice and/or the 2021 ISDA Definitions; and
(ii)
where the Reference Currency is any other currency, the mid-market swap rate as determined in 
accordance with the applicable Final Terms.
"Relevant Time" means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the local time in the Relevant 
Financial Centre specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if no time is specified, the local time in the 
Relevant Financial Centre at which it is customary to determine bid and offered rates in respect of deposits 
in the Specified Currency in the interbank market in the Relevant Financial Centre and for this purpose 
"local time" means, with respect to Europe and the Euro-zone as a Relevant Financial Centre, 11:00 a.m. 
(Brussels time).
"Representative Amount" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance with 
a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the amount specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms or, if none is specified, an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant 
market at the time.
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is 
specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated.
"Specified Duration" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance with a 
Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the duration specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or, if none is specified, a period of time equal to the relative Interest Accrual Period, ignoring any 
adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(c)(ii).

--- Page 57 ---
- 57 - 
"Specified Time" means the time specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.
(b)
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest Commencement 
Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date except as otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms.
If a fixed amount of interest ("Fixed Coupon Amount") or a broken amount of interest ("Broken 
Amount") is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment 
Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if applicable, the Broken Amount so specified and in the 
case of the Broken Amount will be payable on the particular Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.
(c)
Interest on Floating Rate Notes
(i)
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount 
from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrears (except as otherwise provided in the relevant 
Final Terms) on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in 
accordance with Condition 5(i). Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant 
Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are 
shown in the relevant Final Terms, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number 
of months or other period shown in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date.
(ii)
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a 
Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the "Floating Rate Business 
Day Convention", such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day 
of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the 
"Following Business Day Convention", such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a 
Business Day, (C) the "Modified Following Business Day Convention", such date shall be postponed 
to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the 
"Preceding Business Day Convention", such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day. Notwithstanding the foregoing, where the applicable Final Terms specify 
that the relevant Business Day Convention is to be applied on an "unadjusted" basis, the Interest 
Amount payable on any date shall not be affected by the application of that Business Day Convention.
(iii) Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for 
each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in (i) the relevant Final Terms 
and (ii) the provisions below relating to either FBF Determination, ISDA Determination or Screen 
Rate Determination, depending upon which is specified in the relevant Final Terms.
(A) FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant FBF Rate plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph 
(A), "FBF Rate" for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would 
be determined by the Calculation Agent under a notional interest rate swap transaction (Echange) 
in the relevant Specified Currency incorporating the FBF Definitions and under which:
(a)
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and

--- Page 58 ---
- 58 - 
(b)
the Floating Rate Determination Date is as specified in the relevant Final Terms.
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "Floating Rate", "Agent" and "Floating Rate 
Determination Date" are translations of the French terms "Taux Variable", "Agent" and "Date 
de Détermination du Taux Variable", respectively, which have the meanings given to those terms 
in the FBF Definitions.
In the applicable Final Terms, when the paragraph "Floating Rate" specifies that the rate is 
determined by linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation 
by reference to two rates based on the relevant Floating Rate, one of which shall be determined 
as if the maturity were the period of time for which rates are available of next shorter length 
before the length of the relevant Interest Period, and the other of which shall be determined as if 
the maturity were the period of time for which rates are available of next longer length after the 
length of the relevant Interest Period.
(B) ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes
(a)  
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and "2006 ISDA Definitions" is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate plus or 
minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of 
this sub-paragraph (B), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to 
the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap 
Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions 
and under which: 
(i)
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii)
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; and 
(iii)
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B)(a), "Floating Rate", "Calculation Agent", "Floating 
Rate Option", "Designated Maturity", "Reset Date" and "Swap Transaction" have the 
meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions.
In the relevant Final Terms, when the paragraph "Floating Rate Option" specifies that the rate is 
determined by linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation 
by reference to two rates based on the relevant Floating Rate Option, one of which shall be 
determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available 
of next shorter length before the length of the relevant Interest Period, and the other of which 
shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available of next longer length after the length of the relevant Interest Period.
(b)
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and "2021 ISDA Definitions" is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate. For the 
purposes of this sub-paragraph (B)(b), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Accrual Period means 
a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under 
a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions and under which
(i)
the "Floating Rate Option" is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii)
the "Designated Maturity" is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 59 ---
- 59 - 
(iii)
the relevant "Reset Date" is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period or such 
other date as specified in the relevant Final Terms ;  
(iv)
the relevant "Fixing Day" is the date specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
in the absence thereof, as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions; 
(v)
the "Effective Date" is, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Interest Commencement Date;  
(vi)
the "Termination Date" is, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the last date of the last occurring Interest Accrual Period; 
(vii)
the relevant "Calculation Period" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the absence thereof, as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions for which 
purpose references to "Effective Date" and "Period End Date" (in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions) shall be deemed to be to, respectively, the Issue Date and any last 
day of the last occurring Interest Accrual Period (as defined in these 
Conditions); and 
(viii)
if the Floating Rate Option specified in the Final Terms is an Overnight Floating 
Rate Option and Compounding is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 

the relevant Reset Date is the last day of the last occurring Interest 
Accrual Period, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms; 

Delayed Payment will be applicable if specified as such in the Final 
Terms, and if so, the applicable number of days is either (x) as specified 
in the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Final 
Terms, five (5); 

OIS Compounding will be applicable if specified as such in the Final 
Terms; 

Compounding with Lookback will be applicable if specified as such in 
the Final Terms, and if so, the "Lookback" is either (x) as specified in 
the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Final 
Terms, the number specified as the "Lookback" for the relevant Floating 
Rate Option in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no such number is 
specified for the relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5); 

Compounding with Observation Period Shift will be applicable if 
specified as such in the Final Terms, and if so, Set in Advance will be 
applicable if specified as such in the Final Terms, "Observation Period 
Shift Additional Business Day" is as specified in the Final Terms, and 
the "Observation Period Shift" is either (x) as specified in the Final 
Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Final Terms, the 
number specified as the "Observation Period Shift" for the relevant 
Floating Rate Option in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no such 
number is specified for the relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5); and 

Compounding with Lockout will be applicable if specified as such in the 
Final Terms, and if so, "Lockout Period Business Day" is as specified 
in the Final Terms and the "Lockout" is either (x) as specified in the Final 
Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Final Terms, the 
number specified as the "Lockout" for the relevant Floating Rate Option 
in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no such number is specified for 
the relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B)(b), except as otherwise defined in such sub-paragraph, 
"Calculation Agent", "Compounding with Lockout", "Compounding with Lookback", 
"Compounding with Observation Period Shift", "Delayed Payment, Designated Maturity, 
Effective Date", "Floating Rate Option", "Floating Rate", "Lockout Period Business Day", 
"Lockout, Lookback", "Observation Period Shift", "OIS Compounding", "Overnight

--- Page 60 ---
- 60 - 
Floating Rate Option", "Period End Date", "Set in Advance" and "Swap Transaction" have 
the meanings given to those terms in the 2021 ISDA Definitions.
(C) Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes
(1) EURIBOR
Where "Screen Rate Determination-EURIBOR" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent at or about the Relevant Time on 
the Interest Determination Date in respect of such Interest Accrual Period in accordance with the 
following:
(a)
if the Primary Source for Floating Rate is a Page, subject as provided below, the Rate of 
Interest shall be:
(i)
the Relevant Rate (where such Relevant Rate on such Page is a composite quotation 
or is customarily supplied by one entity) or
(ii)
the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Rates of the persons whose Relevant Rates appear 
on that Page,
in each case appearing on such Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination 
Date as disclosed in the relevant Final Terms, plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any);
(b)
if the Primary Source for the Floating Rate is Reference Banks or if sub-paragraph (a)(i) 
applies and no Relevant Rate appears on the Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date or if sub-paragraph (a)(ii) applies and fewer than two Relevant Rates 
appear on the Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date, subject as 
provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Rates that 
each of the Reference Banks is quoting to leading banks in the Relevant Financial Centre 
at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any); and
(c)
if paragraph (b) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than two 
Reference Banks are so quoting Relevant Rates, subject as provided below, the Rate of 
Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) that 
the Calculation Agent determines to be the rates (being the nearest equivalent to the 
Benchmark) in respect of a Representative Amount of the Specified Currency that at least 
two out of five leading banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the principal financial 
centre of the country of the Specified Currency or, if the Specified Currency is Euro, in the 
Euro-zone as selected by the Calculation Agent (the "Principal Financial Centre") are 
quoting at or about the Relevant Time on the date on which such banks would customarily 
quote such rates for a period commencing on the Effective Date for a period equivalent to 
the Specified Duration (I) to leading banks carrying on business in Europe, or (if the 
Calculation Agent determines that fewer than two of such banks are so quoting to leading 
banks in Europe) (II) to leading banks carrying on business in the Principal Financial 
Centre; except that, if fewer than two of such banks are so quoting to leading banks in the 
Principal Financial Centre, the Rate of Interest shall be the Rate of Interest determined on 
the previous Interest Determination Date (after readjustment for any difference between 
any Margin, Rate Multiplier or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the 
preceding Interest Accrual Period and to the relevant Interest Accrual Period);
(2) SONIA
Where "Screen Rate Determination – SONIA" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which a Rate of Interest or Rate is to be determined, such Rate of Interest or Rate, as 
the case may be, for each Interest Period will be calculated in accordance with the provisions 
below.

--- Page 61 ---
- 61 - 
(a)
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
"Compounded Daily", the Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case may be, for each Interest 
Period will be the Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent.
(b)
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
"Weighted Average", the Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case may be, for each Interest 
Period will be the Weighted Average SONIA plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent, on the Interest 
Determination Date and the resulting percentage being rounded (if necessary) to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards.
(c)
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of this Condition:
"Compounded Daily SONIA" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment in Sterling (with the daily Sterling overnight reference rate 
as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated by the Calculation Agent, on the 
Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula:
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖−𝑝𝐿𝐵𝐷  ×  𝑛𝑖
365
) −1] × 365
𝑑
𝑑0
𝑖=1|
where the resulting percentage will be rounded (if necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards.
"d" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the number of calendar days in such Interest Period;
"do" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the number of London Business Days in the relevant 
Interest Period;
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant London 
Business Days in chronological order from (and including) the first London Business Day in the 
relevant Interest Period;
"Lock-out Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from (and including) the 
day following the Interest Determination Date to (but excluding) the Interest Period End Date 
falling at the end of such Interest Period;
"London Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in London;
"Lookback Period" or "p" means, in respect of an Interest Period where "Lag" is specified as 
the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the number of London Business Days 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five London Business 
Days);
"ni" means, in respect of a London Business Day i, the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such London Business Day i up to (but excluding) the following London Business 
Day;
"Observation Lookback Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from (and 
including) the date falling p London Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period and ending on (but excluding) the date which is p London Business Days prior to the 
Interest Period End Date falling at the end of such Interest Period;
"Reference Day" means each London Business Day in the relevant Interest Period that is not a 
London Business Day falling in the Lockout Period;
"SONIA i" means, in respect of a London Business Day i:
(x) if "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
SONIA Rate in respect of pLBD in respect of such London Business Day i; or

--- Page 62 ---
- 62 - 
(y) if "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms:
(1) in respect of any London Business Day i that is a Reference Day, the SONIA Rate in 
respect of the London Business Day immediately preceding such Reference Day; otherwise
(2) the SONIA Rate in respect of the London Business Day immediately preceding the 
Interest Determination Date for the relevant Interest Period;
"SONIAi-pLBD" means:
(x) if "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, in respect 
of a London Business Day i, SONIA i in respect of the London Business Day falling p 
London Business Days prior to such London Business Day i ("pLBD"); or
(y) if "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, in 
respect of a London Business Day i, SONIA i in respect of such London Business Day i.
"SONIA Rate" means, in respect of any London Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily 
Sterling Overnight Index Average rate for such London Business Day, as provided by the 
administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen 
Page (or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised 
distributors) on the London Business Day immediately following such London Business Day; 
and
"Weighted Average SONIA" means:
(x) where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
sum of the SONIA Rate in respect of each calendar day during the relevant Observation 
Lookback Period divided by the number of calendar days during such Observation 
Lookback Period. For these purposes, the SONIA Rate in respect of any calendar day which 
is not a London Business Day shall be deemed to be the SONIA Rate in respect of the 
London Business Day immediately preceding such calendar day; or 
(y) where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
the sum of the SONIA Rate in respect of each calendar day during the relevant Interest 
Period divided by the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period, provided that, 
for any calendar day of such Interest Period falling in the Lock-out Period for the relevant 
Interest Period, the SONIA Rate for such calendar day will be deemed to be the SONIA 
Rate in respect of the London Business Day immediately preceding the first day of such 
Lock-out Period. For these purposes, the SONIA Rate in respect of any calendar day which 
is not a London Business Day shall, subject to the preceding proviso, be deemed to be the 
SONIA Rate in respect of the London Business Day immediately preceding such calendar 
day.
(d)
If, in respect of any London Business Day, the SONIA Rate is not available on the Relevant 
Screen Page (and has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors), 
such SONIA Rate shall be:
(x) (i) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at the close of 
business on the relevant London Business Day; plus (ii) the arithmetic mean of the spread 
of SONIA to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which SONIA has been 
published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, only 
of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one 
only of those lowest spreads); or 
(y) if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA Rate published on the Relevant Screen 
Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the immediately 
preceding London Business Day on which the SONIA Rate was published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors), and 
(z) such rate shall be deemed to be the SONIA Rate for such London Business Day.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of the Bank of England publishing guidance as 
to (i) how the SONIA Rate is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace the SONIA 
Rate, the Calculation Agent shall follow such guidance to determine the SONIA Rate for

--- Page 63 ---
- 63 - 
so long as the SONIA Rate is not available or has not been published by the authorised 
distributors.
In the event that the Rate of Interest or Rate, as applicable, cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of 
Interest or Rate, as applicable, shall be (i) that determined as at the immediately preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate 
of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period 
from that which applied to the immediately preceding Interest Period, the Margin, 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Period, in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relation to the immediately preceding Interest Period); or (ii) if there is no such preceding 
Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest or Rate, as applicable, which would 
have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been 
in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on 
(and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (subject to the application of the relevant 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest in respect of such 
Interest Period).
(3)
CMS Rate: 
Where "Screen Rate Determination – CMS Rate" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the following formula:
CMS Rate + Margin
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Calculation Agent shall request each of the CMS 
Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation for the Relevant Swap Rate 
at approximately the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If at least 
three of the CMS Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such quotations, the CMS 
Rate for such Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such quotations, eliminating 
the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest and the lowest quotation (or, 
in the event of equality, one of the lowest).
If on any Interest Determination Date less than two or none of the CMS Reference Banks 
provides the Calculation Agent with such quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the 
CMS Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent on such commercial basis as considered 
appropriate by the Calculation Agent in its absolute discretion, in accordance with standard 
market practice.
(4) €STR
Where "Screen Rate Determination – €STR" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which a Rate of Interest or Rate is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be the rate of return of a daily compound 
interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as the reference rate for the calculation 
of interest) plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any) and 
will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date, in 
accordance with the following formula:
[∏(1 + €𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑇𝐵𝐷× 𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 360
𝑑
where the resulting percentage will be rounded (if necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.00005 being rounded upwards.
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular T2 Business Day and no €STR 
Index Cessation Event (as defined below) has occurred, the €STR for such T2 Business Day

--- Page 64 ---
- 64 - 
shall be the rate equal to €STR in respect of the last T2 Business Day for which such rate was 
published on the Website of the European Central Bank.
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular T2 Business Day and both an 
€STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred, the 
rate of €STR for each T2 Business Day in the relevant Observation Period on or after such €STR 
Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR were references to 
the ECB Recommended Rate.
If no ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended before the end of the first T2 Business 
Day following the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurs, then the rate of €STR 
for each T2 Business Day in the relevant Observation Period on or after the €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR were references to the 
Modified EDFR. 
If an ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended and both an ECB Recommended Rate 
Index Cessation Event and an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date 
subsequently occur, then the rate of €STR for each T2 Business Day in the relevant Observation 
Period occurring on or after that ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date will 
be determined as if references to €STR were references to the Modified EDFR. 
Any substitution of the €STR, as specified above, will remain effective for the remaining term 
to maturity of the Notes.
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions by the Calculation Agent, but without prejudice to Condition 4.7, the Rate of Interest 
shall be that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period). If 
the provisions of this paragraph fail to provide a means of determining the Rate of Interest, 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(5) below shall apply.
For the purpose of this Condition:
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period;
"do" for any Interest Accrual Period, is the number of T2 Business Days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period;
"ECB Recommended Rate" means a rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) 
recommended as the replacement for €STR by the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR) and/or by a committee officially endorsed or convened by the European 
Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) for the purpose of recommending a 
replacement for €STR (which rate may be produced by the European Central Bank or another 
administrator), as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent;
"ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of 
the following events, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation 
Agent:
a)
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate announcing that it has 
ceased or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement 
or the publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the ECB Recommended Rate; or
b)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, the 
central bank for the currency of the ECB Recommended Rate, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the

--- Page 65 ---
- 65 - 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate or a court or an entity 
with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator 
of the ECB Recommended Rate, which states that the administrator 
of the ECB Recommended Rate has ceased or will cease to provide 
the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the ECB Recommended 
Rate;
"ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date on which the ECB Recommended Rate 
is no longer provided, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation 
Agent;
"ECB €STR Guideline" means the Guideline (EU) 2019/1265 of the European Central Bank of 
10 July 2019 on the euro short-term rate (€STR) (ECB/2019/19), as amended from time to time;
"EDFR" means the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the deposit facility, which 
banks may use to make overnight deposits with the Eurosystem (comprising the European 
Central Bank and the national central banks of those countries that have adopted the Euro) as 
published on the Website of the European Central Bank;
"EDFR Spread" means:
a)
if no ECB Recommended Rate is recommended before the end of the 
first T2 Business Day following the date on which the €STR Index 
Cessation Event occurs, the arithmetic mean of the daily difference 
between the €STR and the EDFR for each of the 30 T2 Business Days 
immediately preceding the date on which the €STR Index Cessation 
Event occurred; or
b)
if an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurs, the 
arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the ECB 
Recommended Rate and the EDFR for each of the 30 T2 Business 
Days immediately preceding the date on which the ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurred;
"€STR" means, in respect of any T2 Business Day, the interest rate representing the wholesale 
Euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of banks located in the Euro area provided by the 
European Central Bank as administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator) and 
published on the Website of the European Central Bank (as defined below) at or before 9:00 a.m. 
(Frankfurt time) (or, in case a revised euro short-term rate is published as provided in Article 4 
subsection 3 of the ECB €STR Guideline at or before 11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time), such revised 
interest rate) on the T2 Business Day immediately following such T2 Business Day;
"€STRi-pTBD" means, in respect of any T2 Business Day falling in the relevant Observation 
Period, the €STR for the T2 Business Day falling "p" T2 Business Days prior to the relevant T2 
Business Day "i";
"€STR Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events, 
as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent:
a)
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) 
announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide €STR 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement 
or the publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide €STR; or
b)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of €STR, the central bank for the 
currency of €STR, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of €STR, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over 
the administrator of €STR or a court or an entity with similar

--- Page 66 ---
- 66 - 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of €STR, 
which states that the administrator of €STR has ceased or will cease 
to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of the statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide €STR;
"€STR Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of an €STR Index Cessation Event, 
the first date on which €STR is no longer provided by the European Central Bank (or any 
successor administrator of €STR), as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the 
Calculation Agent;
"€STR Observation Look-Back Period" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms;
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant T2 Business Day 
in chronological order from, and including, the first T2 Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, to, but excluding, the Interest Payment Date corresponding to such Interest 
Accrual Period;
"Modified EDFR" means a reference rate equal to the EDFR plus the EDFR Spread;
"ni" for any T2 Business Day "i" is the number of calendar days from, and including, the relevant 
T2 Business Day "i" up to, but excluding, the immediately following T2 Business Day in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period;
"Observation Period" means in respect of any Interest Accrual Period, the period from and 
including the date falling "p" T2 Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period (and the first Interest Accrual Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date falling "p" T2 Business Day prior 
to the Interest Payment Date of such Interest Accrual Period (or the date falling "p" T2 Business 
Day prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable);
"p" means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of T2 Business Days included 
in the €STR Observation Look-Back Period; and
"Website of the European Central Bank" means the website of the European Central Bank 
currently at https://www.ecb.europa.eu/home/html/index.en.html or any successor source 
officially designated by the European Central Bank.
(5) Benchmark discontinuation
Notwithstanding paragraphs (1) to (4) above, if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an 
Original Reference Rate at any time when the Conditions of any Notes provide for any rate of 
interest (or any component part thereof) to be determined by reference to such Original 
Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply and prevail over the other fallbacks 
specified in Conditions 5(c)(iii)(C)(1), 5(c)(iii)(C)(2), 5(c)(iii)(C)(3) 5(c)(iii)(C)(4): 
(1)
Independent Adviser
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon 
as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative 
Rate (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(5)(2)) and, in either case, an Adjustment 
Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(5)(3)) and any Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(5)(4).
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(5) shall act in 
good faith as an expert and (in the absence of manifest error or fraud) shall have no 
liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation 
Agent or any other party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, or the Noteholders for any determination made by it 
pursuant to this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(5).
(2)
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate

--- Page 67 ---
- 67 - 
If the Independent Adviser determines in good faith that:
(I)
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment 
as provided in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(5)(3) subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the 
relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest 
on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(5); 
or 
(II)
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(5)(3)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate 
to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) 
thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
further operation of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(5)).
(3)
Adjustment Spread
If the Independent Adviser determines in good faith (i) that an Adjustment Spread is 
required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determination of a 
relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) by reference to such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable).
(4)
Benchmark Amendments
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(5) and the Independent Adviser determines 
in good faith (A) that amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (including, 
without limitation, amendments to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, Business 
Days or Relevant Screen Page) are strictly necessary to ensure the proper operation of 
such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, 
the "Benchmark Amendments") and (B) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, 
then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(5)(5), without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, 
vary the Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the 
date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(5)(4), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which 
the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading.
(5)
Notices, etc.
The Issuer shall, after receiving such information from the Independent Adviser, notify 
the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, the Representative (if any) 
and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders, promptly of any Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and of the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments, determined under this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(5). Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.
(6)
Fallbacks
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination 
of the Rate of Interest on the immediately following Interest Determination Date, no 
Independent Adviser has been appointed or no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
applicable) is determined pursuant to this provision, the Original Reference Rate will 
continue to apply for the purpose of determining such Rate of Interest on such Interest 
Determination Date, with the effect that the fallback provisions provided in Conditions 
5(c)(iii)(C)(1), 5(c)(iii)(C)(2), 5(c)(iii)(C)(3) and 5(c)(iii)(C)(4) will continue to apply

--- Page 68 ---
- 68 - 
to such determination, provided that such fallbacks may in certain circumstances, lead 
to apply the Rate of Interest determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date.
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at any time 
thereafter, to elect to re-apply the provisions of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(5), mutatis 
mutandis, on one or more occasions until a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and, if 
applicable, any associated Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments) has 
been determined and notified in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(5) (and, 
until such determination and notification (if any), the fallback provisions provided 
elsewhere in these Terms and Conditions, that is, for the avoidance of doubt, the 
fallbacks specified in Conditions 5(c)(iii)(C)(1), 5(c)(iii)(C)(2), 5(c)(iii)(C)(3) and 
5(c)(iii)(C)(4) will continue to apply).
(7)
Definitions
In this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(5):
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent 
Adviser determines and which is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to 
Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which:
a)
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally 
provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating 
Body; 
b)
in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case of a Successor Rate where (a) 
above does not apply), is in customary market usage in the international debt 
capital market for transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, 
where such rate has been replaced by the Alternative Rate (or, as the case may 
be, the Successor Rate); or
c)
if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available), or 
the Independent Adviser determines there is no such spread, formula or 
methodology in customary market usage, the Independent Adviser, acting in 
good faith, determines to be appropriate. 
"Alternative Rate" means, in the absence of Successor Rate, an alternative benchmark or 
screen rate which the Independent Adviser determines in accordance with this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(5) and which is customary market usage in the international debt capital markets 
for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for 
a commensurate interest period (if there is such a customary market usage at such time) and 
in the same Specified Currency as the Notes.
"Benchmark Event" means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate:
a)
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be published; 
b)
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease 
publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will 
continue publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling 
six (6) months prior to the specified date referred to in (b)(i);
c)
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; 
d)
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate

--- Page 69 ---
- 69 - 
will, on or before a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued 
and (ii) the date falling six (6) months prior to the specified date referred to in 
(d)(i); 
e)
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be 
prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences, in each case within the following six (6) months; 
f)
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date, become unlawful 
for the Issuer, the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being 
the Calculation Agent or such other party specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, as applicable), or any Paying Agent to calculate any payments due to 
be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate (including, 
without limitation, under Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as amended (the 
"Benchmarks Regulation"), if applicable); 
g)
that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration pursuant to Article 
35 of the Benchmarks Regulation of any benchmark administrator previously 
authorised to publish such Original Reference Rate has been adopted; or
h)
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that, in the view of such supervisor, such Original 
Reference Rate is no longer representative of an underlying market or its 
methodology has materially changed. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
an independent adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise, at all times acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, appointed by the Issuer at its own 
expense under Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(5)(1).
"Original Reference Rate" means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally 
specified for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant 
component part(s) thereof) on the Notes.
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable):
a)
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable); or
b)
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (i) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator 
of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (iii) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (iv) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof.
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which 
is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. If, following a Benchmark 
Event, more than one successor or replacement rates are recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body, the Independent Adviser will determine, among those successor or 
replacement rates, the one which is the most appropriate, taking into consideration, without 
limitation, the particular features of the relevant Notes.
(D) Linear Interpolation: In the relevant Final Terms, when the paragraph "Benchmark" specifies 
that the rate is determined by linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line 
linear interpolation by reference to two (2) rates based on the relevant Benchmark, one of which 
shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available of next shorter length before the length of the relevant Interest Period, and the other of 
which shall be determined as if the maturity were the period of time for which rates are available 
of next longer length after the length of the relevant Interest Period.

--- Page 70 ---
- 70 - 
(E)
Minimum Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, 
the "Minimum Rate of Interest", being the relevant rate of interest plus any relevant margin, 
shall be deemed to be zero.
(d)
Zero Coupon Notes
Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable prior to the Maturity 
Date (or the Extended Maturity Date, if any) pursuant to an Issuer's Option or, if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, pursuant to Condition 6(e) or otherwise and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable 
prior to the Maturity Date (or the Extended Maturity Date, if any) shall be the Early Redemption Amount. 
As from the Maturity Date (or the Extended Maturity Date, if any), the Rate of Interest for any overdue 
principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation 
Yield (as described in Condition 6(e)).
(e)
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
If Fixed/Floating Rate Notes provisions are specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Notes 
may bear interest at a rate that:
(i)
the Issuer may elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms (the "Switch Date") from 
a Fixed Rate to Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate. The Issuer election to 
change of interest basis (the "Issuer Change of Interest Basis") should be deemed effective 
after a valid notification sent by the Issuer to the relevant Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 within the period specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii)
will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a 
Fixed Rate (the "Automatic Change of Interest Basis") at the date(s) set out in the Final Terms 
(the "Automatic Switch Date").
(f)
Inverse Floating Rate Notes
If Inverse Floating Rate Notes provisions are specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Notes may bear interest at a Fixed Rate (as determined in Condition 5(b) minus a Floating Rate as 
determined in Condition 5(c), as specified in the relevant Final Terms.
(g)
Accrual of interest
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless (i) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, on such due date or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, upon due presentation, 
payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (as well after 
as before judgement) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 5 to the Relevant Date.
(h)
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption Amounts and 
Rounding:
(a)
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms, either (x) generally or (y) in relation to one or 
more Interest Accrual Periods, an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest in the case of (x), 
or to the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods in the case of (y), calculated in 
accordance with Condition 5(c) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting (if a negative 
number) the absolute value of such Margin, subject always to the next paragraph.
(b)
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount shall 
be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. In no event shall the amount of interest 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, any applicable Margin) be less than zero.
(c)
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (w) if FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms, all percentages resulting 
from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest ten-thousandth of a percentage

--- Page 71 ---
- 71 - 
point (with halves being rounded up), (x) otherwise all percentages resulting from such calculations 
shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest fifth decimal (with halves being rounded up), (y) all 
figures shall be rounded to seven figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts 
that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being 
rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For these 
purposes "unit" means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the 
country of such currency.
(i)
Calculations
The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be calculated by multiplying the 
product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal amount of such Note by the Day Count Fraction, 
unless an Interest Amount is specified in respect of such period, in which case the amount of interest payable 
in respect of such Note for such period shall equal such Interest Amount. Where any Interest Period 
comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Interest 
Period shall be the sum of the amounts of interest payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual 
Periods.
(j)
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, 
Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Instalment Amounts
The Calculation Agent, as soon as practicable on such date as it may be required to calculate any rate or 
amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate 
the Interest Amounts in respect of each Specified Denomination of the Notes for the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, shall calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional 
Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or 
calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest 
Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption 
Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or any Instalment Amount to be 
notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the holders of Notes, any other 
Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of 
such information and, if the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of such 
Regulated Market so require, such Regulated Market as soon as possible after their determination but in no 
event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in 
the case of notification to such Regulated Market of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all 
other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest 
Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(c)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest 
Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made 
by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. The 
determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination 
or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon 
all parties.
(k)
Calculation Agent and Reference Banks
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be four Reference Banks (or such other number as may 
be required) with offices in the Relevant Financial Centre and one or more Calculation Agents if provision 
is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is outstanding (as defined above). 
If any Reference Bank (acting through its relevant office) is unable or unwilling to continue to act as a 
Reference Bank, then the Issuer shall appoint another Reference Bank with an office in the Relevant 
Financial Centre to act as such in its place. Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect 
of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation 
Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling 
to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or 
Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Instalment Amount, Final Redemption Amount, 
Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any 
other requirement, the Issuer will appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the 
interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most 
closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through 
its principal Paris or Luxembourg office, as appropriate, or any other office actively involved in such

--- Page 72 ---
- 72 - 
market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor 
having been appointed as aforesaid. As long as the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market 
and the rules of, or applicable to, that Regulated Market so require, notice of any change of Calculation 
Agent shall be given in accordance with Condition 13.
6.
Redemption, Purchase and Options
(a)
Final Redemption
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below or its maturity is extended 
pursuant to any option provided by the relevant Final Terms in accordance with the paragraph below, each 
Note shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms at its principal 
amount (the "Final Redemption Amount") or, in the case of a Note falling within Condition 6(b) below, 
its final Instalment Amount.
Upon the occurrence of a Maturity Extension Trigger Event(s) as defined in Articles L.513-2, I bis and R. 
513-8-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) (as may be amended 
from time to time), and provided that the relevant Maturity Extension Trigger Event(s) are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the maturity of the Notes shall be extended to such date as shall be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (the "Extended Maturity Date"). 
If a Maturity Extension Trigger Event occurs, the payment of such Final Redemption Amount shall be 
automatically deferred and shall become due and payable on the Extended Maturity Date. However, all or 
part of the Final Redemption Amount remaining unpaid on the initially scheduled Maturity Date may be 
paid by the Issuer on any Interest Payment Date from (and excluding) such Maturity Date to (and including) 
the Extended Maturity Date. During the extended period, interest will continue to be calculated and to 
accrue on any unpaid principal amount at the relevant Rate of Interest and be payable on each Interest 
Payment Dates and on the Extended Maturity Date (if not earlier redeemed on an Interest Payment Date).
For the purpose of this Condition, the maturity extension trigger events (the "Maturity Extension Trigger 
Events") are, as of the date hereof: 
(a)
(1) a default of payment, on the Maturity Date, of principal or interest under a loan granted by 
the Issuer to a credit institution and guaranteed by the remittance, assignment or pledge (la 
remise, la cession ou le nantissement) of receivables pursuant to Articles L.211-38 to L.211-40 
or Articles L.313-23 to L.313-35 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire 
et financier), whether or not these receivables are of a professional nature, or (2) a default of 
payment, by the credit institution issuing promissory notes (billets à ordres) subscribed by the 
Issuer in accordance with the terms and conditions defined in Articles L.313-43 to L.313-48 of 
the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), of principal or interest 
under such promissory notes;  
(b)
a default of payment, on the Maturity Date, of principal or interest due under the Notes issued 
by the Issuer; 
(c)
(1) a credit institution benefiting from loans granted by the Issuer and guaranteed by the 
remittance, assignment or pledge (la remise, la cession ou le nantissement) of receivables 
pursuant to Articles L.211-38 to L.211-40 or Articles L.313-23 to L.313-35 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), whether or not these receivables 
are of a professional nature, or (2) a credit institution issuing promissory notes (billets à ordres) 
subscribed by the Issuer in accordance with the terms and conditions defined in Articles L.313-
43 to L.313-48 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), is 
subject to safeguard proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation or 
liquidation proceedings (procédure de redressement ou de liquidation judiciaires) or resolution 
proceedings (procédure de résolution) opened pursuant to Article L.613-49 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier); or 
(d)
the Issuer is subject to safeguard proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation 
or liquidation proceedings (procédure de redressement ou de liquidation judiciaires) or 
resolution proceedings (procédure de résolution) opened pursuant to Article L.613-49 of the

--- Page 73 ---
- 73 - 
French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier). 
(b)
Redemption by Instalments
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided in this Condition 6 or the relevant 
Instalment Date (being one of the dates so specified in the relevant Final Terms) is extended pursuant to the 
Issuer's option in accordance with Condition 6(c), each Note that provides for Instalment Dates and 
Instalment Amounts shall be partially redeemed on each Instalment Date at the related Instalment Amount 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. The outstanding nominal amount of each such Note shall be reduced 
by the Instalment Amount (or, if such Instalment Amount is calculated by reference to a proportion of the 
nominal amount of such Note, such proportion) for all purposes with effect from the related Instalment 
Date, unless payment of the Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or refused (i) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, on the due date for such payment or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, on 
presentation of the related Receipt, in which case, such amount shall remain outstanding until the Relevant 
Date relating to such Instalment Amount. 
(c)
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer, Exercise of Issuer's Options and Partial Redemption
If a Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to compliance by the Issuer 
with all the relevant laws, regulations and directives and upon giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more 
than thirty (30) calendar days' irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 13 to the holders of Notes 
(or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem in relation to all or, if 
so provided, some of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date or Option Exercise Date (as specified in 
the Final Terms), as the case may be. Any such redemption of Notes shall be, in respect of any Note, its 
principal amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with the relevant Final Terms (the 
"Optional Redemption Amount") together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption, if any. 
Any such redemption must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption 
Amount to be redeemed as specified in the relevant Final Terms and no greater than the Maximum 
Redemption Amount to be redeemed as specified in the relevant Final Terms.
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, or the Issuer's Option shall be 
exercised, on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition.
In the case of a partial redemption or a partial exercise of an Issuer's option in respect of Materialised Notes, 
the notice to holders of such Materialised Notes shall also contain the numbers of the Definitive 
Materialised Notes to be redeemed or in respect of which such option has been exercised, which shall have 
been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking 
account of prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and Regulated 
Market requirements.
In the case of a partial redemption of or a partial exercise of an Issuer's option in respect of Dematerialised 
Notes, the redemption shall be effected by reducing the nominal amount of all such Dematerialised Notes 
in a Series in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed, subject to compliance with any other 
applicable laws and Regulated Market requirements.
So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to, such 
Regulated Market require, the Issuer shall, each time there has been a partial redemption of the Notes, cause 
to be published (i) as long as such Notes are admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and the rules of such Stock Exchange so permit, on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com) or (ii) in a leading newspaper with general circulation in the city where the 
Regulated Market on which such Notes are admitted to trading is located, which in the case of the Regulated 
Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort, a notice specifying 
the aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding and, in the case of Materialised Notes, a list of any 
Definitive Materialised Notes drawn for redemption but not surrendered.
(d)
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders 
If a Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms the Issuer shall, at the option of the Noteholder, upon 
the Noteholder giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days' notice to the Issuer 
(or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem such Note on the

--- Page 74 ---
- 74 - 
Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date 
fixed for redemption.
To exercise such option, the Noteholder must deposit with a Paying Agent at its specified office a duly 
completed option exercise notice (the "Exercise Notice") in the form obtained during normal business 
hours from any Paying Agent or the Registration Agent, as the case may be, within the notice period. In the 
case of Materialised Notes, the Exercise Notice shall have attached to it the relevant Notes (together with 
all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons). In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the 
Noteholder shall transfer, or cause to be transferred, the Dematerialised Notes to be redeemed to the account 
of the Paying Agent with a specified office in Paris, as specified in the Exercise Notice. No option so 
exercised and, where applicable, no Note so deposited or transferred, may be withdrawn without the prior 
consent of the Issuer.
(e)
Early Redemption
(i)
Zero Coupon Notes
(A) The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, upon redemption 
of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(j) shall be the Amortised Nominal Amount (calculated as 
provided below) of such Note.
(B) Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Nominal Amount of any 
such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date 
(or the Extended Maturity Date, if any) discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown in the relevant Final Terms, 
shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised Nominal Amount equal to the issue price of 
the Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded 
annually.
(C) If the Amortised Nominal Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption 
pursuant to Condition 6 (j) is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount due and payable 
in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Nominal Amount of such Note as defined in sub-
paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the date on 
which the Note becomes due and payable was the Relevant Date. The calculation of the 
Amortised Nominal Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made 
(both before and after judgement) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or 
after the Maturity Date (or the Extended Maturity Date, if any), in which case the amount due 
and payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date 
(or the Extended Maturity Date, if any) together with any interest that may accrue in accordance 
with Condition 5(d).
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one (1) year, it shall be made on 
the basis of the Day Count Fraction as provided in the relevant Final Terms.
(ii)
Other Notes
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes described in 
(i) above), upon redemption of such Note shall be the Final Redemption Amount together with interest 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption.
(f)
No Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
If any law or any agreement entered into with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (IRS) pursuant to Foreign 
Account Tax Compliance Act ("FATCA") or an intergovernmental agreement implementing FATCA, or 
by reason of a Noteholder having some connection with France other than the mere holding of the Notes, 
should require that payments of principal or interest in respect of any Note be subject to deduction or 
withholding in respect of any present or future taxes or duties whatsoever, such Notes may not be redeemed 
early.

--- Page 75 ---
- 75 - 
(g)
Purchases
The Issuer shall have the right at all times to purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of Materialised 
Notes, all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto 
or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise (including by tender offer) at any price, subject 
to the applicable laws and/or regulations, and, in particular, to Condition 6 (h) below.
Notes so purchased by the Issuer may be held in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, or 
cancelled in accordance with Condition 6 (i) below.
(h)
Subscription by the Issuer of Notes as collateral with the Banque de France
Pursuant to Article L.513-26 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), 
the Issuer as société de crédit foncier may subscribe to its own Notes for the sole purpose of granting them 
as collateral for the credit operations of the Banque de France in accordance with the procedures and 
conditions laid out by it for its monetary policy and intraday credit operations in the event that the Issuer 
cannot meet its liquidity needs from any other sources. The Notes thus subscribed by the Issuer must meet 
the following conditions:
- their outstanding principal amount does not exceed 10 per cent. of the outstanding principal amount of 
any liabilities of the Issuer benefiting from the Privilège on the date of their subscription;
- they are deprived of the rights provided for under Articles L.228-46 to L.228-89 of the French Commercial 
Code (Code de commerce) for so long as they are held by the Issuer;
- they are granted as collateral to the Banque de France within an 8-day period starting from their settlement 
date (otherwise, they shall be cancelled by the Issuer at the end of such 8-day period); and
- they cannot be subscribed by a third party.
In any case, any such Notes subscribed by the Issuer shall be cancelled within an 8-day period starting from 
the date they are no longer granted as collateral with the Banque de France.
The specific controller of the Issuer must certify that these conditions are met in a report delivered to the 
ACPR.
(i)
Cancellation
All Notes purchased or subscribed by the Issuer for cancellation, will be cancelled, in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear 
France and, in the case of Materialised Notes, by surrendering the relevant Temporary Global Certificate 
or the Definitive Materialised Notes in question, together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and all 
unexchanged Talons, if applicable, to the Fiscal Agent and, in each case, if so transferred or surrendered, 
shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with, in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, all rights relating to payment of interest and other amounts relating to such 
Dematerialised Notes and, in the case of Definitive Materialised Notes, all unmatured Receipts and 
Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so cancelled or, 
where applicable, transferred or surrendered for cancellation may not be resold and the obligations of the 
Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged.
(j)
Illegality
If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application or interpretation of such 
law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, it would become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply 
with one or more of its obligations under the Notes, the Issuer will, subject to having given not more than 
forty-five (45) nor less than thirty (30) calendar days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 13, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early 
Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption.

--- Page 76 ---
- 76 - 
7.
Payments and Talons
(a)
Dematerialised Notes
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Dematerialised Notes shall (i) in the case of Dematerialised 
Notes in bearer form (au porteur) or administered registered form (au nominatif administré), be made by 
transfer to the account denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant Account Holders for the benefit 
of the holders of Notes and, (ii) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif 
pur), to an account denominated in the relevant currency with a Bank (as defined below) designated by the 
relevant holder of Notes. All payments validly made to such Account Holders or Bank will be an effective 
discharge of the Issuer in respect of such payments.
(b)
Definitive Materialised Notes
(i)
Method of payment
Subject as provided below, payments in a Specified Currency will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account denominated in the relevant Specified Currency, or to which the Specified Currency may be 
credited or transferred (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese yen to a non-resident of Japan, 
shall be a non-resident account) maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of the payee, by a 
cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the country 
of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is euro, shall be any country in the Euro-
zone).
(ii)
Presentation and surrender of Definitive Materialised Notes, Receipts and Coupons
Payments of principal in respect of Definitive Materialised Notes will (subject as provided below) be 
made in the manner provided in paragraph (i) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in 
the case of partial payment of any sum due, annotation) of such Notes, and payments of interest in 
respect of Definitive Materialised Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only 
against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, annotation) of 
Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which 
expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the District 
of Columbia, its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)).
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of Definitive Materialised Notes, other than 
the final instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in paragraph (i) 
above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
annotation) of the relevant Receipt in accordance with the preceding paragraph. Payment of the final 
instalment will be made in the manner provided in paragraph (i) above only against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, annotation) of the relevant Note in 
accordance with the preceding paragraph. Each Receipt must be presented for payment of the relevant 
instalment together with the Definitive Materialised Note to which it appertains. Receipts presented 
without the Definitive Materialised Note to which they appertain do not constitute valid obligations 
of the Issuer.
Upon the date upon which any Definitive Materialised Note becomes due and repayable, unmatured 
Receipts (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment will be 
made in respect thereof.
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form should be presented for payment together with all unmatured 
Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be 
issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon 
(or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing 
unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for 
payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against 
surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of ten (10) years after the 
Relevant Date in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become 
void under Condition 9) or, if later, five (5) years from the date on which such Coupon would 
otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter.

--- Page 77 ---
- 77 - 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date 
(or the Extended Maturity Date, if any), all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become 
void and no further Coupons will be issued in respect thereof.
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note in definitive form becomes due and repayable prior 
to its Maturity Date (or the Extended Maturity Date, if any), unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) 
relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, 
exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof.
If the due date for redemption of any Definitive Materialised Note is not an Interest Payment Date, 
interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment 
Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against 
presentation and surrender (if appropriate) of the relevant Definitive Materialised Note.
(c)
Payments in the United States
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, payments in 
respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same 
manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the 
United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of 
the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at 
all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on 
payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without 
involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer.
(d)
Payments subject to Fiscal Laws
All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives in 
the place of payment but without prejudice to Condition 8 and (ii) any withholding or deduction required 
pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the holders of Notes 
or Couponholders in respect of such payments.
(e)
Appointment of Agents
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their 
respective specified offices are listed at the end of the Base Prospectus relating to the Programme of the 
Notes of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Registration Agent act solely as agents of 
the Issuer and the Calculation Agent(s) act(s) as independent experts(s) and, in each case such, do not 
assume any obligation or relationship of agency for any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves 
the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, 
Registration Agent or Calculation Agent and to appoint other Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent(s), Registration 
Agent(s) or Calculation Agent(s) or additional Paying Agent(s), Registration Agent(s) or Calculation 
Agent(s), provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation 
Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iii) Paying Agents having specified offices in at least two major 
European cities and ensuring the financial services of the Notes in Luxembourg so long as the Notes are 
listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Regulated 
Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and, so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on any other 
Regulated Market, in such other city where the Notes are admitted to trading, (iv) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, a Registration Agent and (v) such other agents as may be 
required by the rules of any other Regulated Market on which the Notes may be admitted to trading.
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Materialised Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) above.
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the holders of 
Notes in accordance with Condition 13.

--- Page 78 ---
- 78 - 
(f)
Talons
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued in respect 
of any Materialised Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a 
further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void pursuant to Condition 9).
(g)
Business Days for Payment
If any date for payment in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a business day, the holder shall 
not be entitled to payment until the next following business day (the "Adjusted Payment Date"), nor to 
any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, "business day" means a 
day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on which Euroclear 
France is open for business or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, on which banks and foreign exchange 
markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, (B) in such jurisdictions as shall be 
specified as "Financial Centre(s)" in the relevant Final Terms and (C) (i) in the case of a payment in a 
currency other than Euro, where payment is to be made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank 
in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency 
in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency or (ii) in the case of a payment in Euro, 
which is a T2 Business Day.
(h)
Bank
For the purpose of this Condition 7, "Bank" means a bank in the principal financial centre of the relevant 
currency or, in the case of Euro, in a city in which banks have access to the T2.
8.
Taxation 
(a)
Withholding Tax
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes, 
Receipts and Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by or within any jurisdiction or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law.
(b)
No Additional Amounts
If any law or any agreement entered into with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (IRS) pursuant to FATCA 
or an intergovernmental agreement implementing FATCA, or by reason of a Noteholder having some 
connection with France other than the mere holding of the Notes, should require that payments of principal 
or interest in respect of any Note or any Receipt or Coupon relating thereto, be subject to deduction or 
withholding in respect of any present or future taxes or duties whatsoever, the Issuer will not be required to 
pay any additional amounts in respect of any such withholding or deduction.
9.
Prescription
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons (which for this purpose shall 
not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within ten (10) years (in the case of principal) 
or five (5) years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them.
10.
Representation of Noteholders
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches of the relevant Series, be grouped automatically for the defence 
of their common interests in a masse (the "Masse") which will be governed by the provisions of Articles L.228-
46 et seq. of the French Commercial Code (Code de Commerce) as supplemented by this Condition 10.
(a)
Legal Personality

--- Page 79 ---
- 79 - 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the "Representative") 
and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders (the "Collective Decisions"). 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common rights, actions 
and benefits which may accrue with respect to the Notes.
(b)
Representative
The names and addresses of the Representative and its alternate (if any), will be set out in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or duties as set 
out in the relevant Final Terms. No additional remuneration is payable in relation to any subsequent Tranche 
of any given Series.
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, resignation or revocation of appointment of the 
Representative, such Representative will be replaced by its alternate, if any. Another Representative may 
be appointed. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the Representative 
and the alternate Representative (if any) at the head office of the Issuer.
(c)
Powers of the Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any Collective Decision to the contrary and except as provided 
by paragraph 1 of Article L.513-24 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier)) have the power to take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common interests 
of the Noteholders, with the capacity to delegate its powers. 
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or against the 
Representative except that, should safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation 
(redressement judiciaire) or judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) proceedings be commenced against 
the Issuer, the specific controller would file the proof of debt of all creditors (including the Noteholders) of 
the Issuer benefiting from the Privilège.
(d)
Collective Decisions
Collective Decisions are adopted either (i) in a general meeting (the "General Meeting"), (ii) by unanimous 
consent of the Noteholders following a written consultation (the "Written Unanimous Decision") or (iii) 
by the consent of one or more Noteholders holding together at least 75 per cent. of the principal amount of 
the Notes outstanding, following a written consultation (the "Written Majority Decision"). 
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Commercial Code (Code de Commerce), the rights of 
each Noteholder to participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by the entries in the books of the 
relevant Account Holder, Issuer or Registration Agent (as the case may be) of the name of such Noteholder 
as of 0:00 Paris time, on the second (2nd) business day in Paris preceding the date set for the Collective 
Decision.
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, upon request, to any 
subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series.
(i)
General Meetings
A General Meeting may be called at any time, either by the Issuer or by the Representative. One or 
more Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth (1/30) of the principal amount of Notes 
outstanding, may address to the Issuer and the Representative a demand for a General Meeting to be 
called. If such General Meeting has not been called within two (2) months after such demand, the 
Noteholders may commission one of them to petition the competent court to appoint an agent 
(mandataire) who will call the General Meeting.

--- Page 80 ---
- 80 - 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the Noteholders present or 
represented hold at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. On 
second convocation, no quorum shall be required. The decisions of the General Meeting shall be taken 
by a two-third (2/3) majority of votes held by the Noteholders attending such General Meeting or 
represented thereat, except when the General Meeting deliberates on any proposal for a merger or 
demerger of the Issuer in the circumstances provided for under Articles L.236-13 and L.236-18 of the 
French Commercial Code (Code de Commerce), in which case the decision will be taken by a simple 
majority of votes held by the Noteholders attending such General Meeting or represented thereat. 
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published in accordance 
with Condition 10(h) not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date of the General Meeting 
on first convocation and not less than five (5) calendar days prior to the date of the General Meeting 
on second convocation.
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy or by 
correspondence. 
Each Noteholder or representative thereof will have the right to consult or make a copy of the text of 
the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports, if any, which will be presented at the General 
Meeting, all of which will be available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders at the registered 
office of the Issuer and at any other place specified in the notice of the General Meeting, during the 
fifteen (15) calendar day period preceding the holding of the General Meeting on first convocation, 
and during the five (5) calendar day period preceding the holding of the General Meeting on second 
convocation.
(ii)
Written Decision
At the initiative of the Issuer, Collective Decisions may also be taken by Written Unanimous Decisions 
or Written Majority Decisions. 
(a) Written Unanimous Decision 
Written Unanimous Decisions shall be signed by or on behalf of all the Noteholders without having 
to comply with formalities and time limits referred to in Condition 10(d)(i). Approval of a Written 
Unanimous Decision may also be given by way of electronic communication allowing the 
identification of Noteholders in accordance with Article L.228-46-1 of the French Commercial Code 
(Code de commerce) ("Electronic Consent"). Any such decision shall, for all purposes, have the same 
effect as a resolution passed at a General Meeting of such Noteholders. Such Written Unanimous 
Decision may be contained in one document, or in several documents in like form each signed by or 
on behalf of one or more of such Noteholders, and shall be published in accordance with Condition 
10(h).
(b) Written Majority Decision 
Notices seeking the approval of a Written Majority Decision will be published as provided under 
Condition 10(h) no less than 15 calendar days prior to the date fixed for the passing of such Written 
Majority Decision (the "Written Majority Decision Date"). Notices seeking the approval of a Written 
Majority Decision will contain the conditions of form and time limits to be complied with by the 
Noteholders who wish to express their approval or rejection of such proposed Written Majority 
Decision. Noteholders expressing their approval or rejection before the Written Majority Decision 
Date will undertake not to dispose of their Notes until after the Written Majority Decision Date. 
Written Majority Decisions shall be signed by one or more Noteholders holding together at least 75 
per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding without having to comply with formalities 
and time limits referred to in Condition 10(d)(i). Approval of a Written Majority Decision may also 
be given by Electronic Consent. Such Written Majority Decisions may be contained in one document, 
or in several documents in like form each signed by or on one behalf of one or more of the Noteholders, 
and shall be published in accordance with Condition 10(h).

--- Page 81 ---
- 81 - 
(iii) Exclusion of certain provisions of the French Commercial Code (Code de Commerce)
The provisions of Article L.228-65-I, 1° and 4° of the French Commercial Code (Code de Commerce)
and the related provisions of the French Commercial Code (Code de Commerce) shall not apply to 
the Notes. 
(e)
Expenses
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operations of the Masse, including all expenses relating to 
the calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more generally, all administrative expenses resolved 
upon by Collective Decisions, it being expressly stipulated that no expenses may be imputed against interest 
payable under the Notes.
(f)
Single Masse
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series which have been 
assimilated with the Notes of such first mentioned Series in accordance with Condition 12, shall, for the 
defence of their respective common interests, be grouped in a single Masse. The Representative appointed 
in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all 
subsequent Tranches in such Series.
(g)
Sole Noteholder
If and for so long as the Notes are held by a sole Noteholder, such Noteholder shall exercise all powers, 
rights and obligations entrusted to the Noteholders acting through Collective Decisions by the provisions 
of the French Commercial Code (Code de Commerce). 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the decisions taken by the sole Noteholder in this capacity and shall make 
it available, upon request, to any Noteholder.
(h)
Notices to Noteholders
Any notice to be given to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 10 shall be given in accordance 
with Condition 13.
(i)
Full Masse
For Notes issued with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency), 
Condition 10 shall apply to the Notes subject to the following amendments:
 (i)
The second paragraph of Condition 10(d)(i) shall be deleted and replaced by the following 
paragraph:
"General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the Noteholders present or 
represented hold at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. On 
second convocation, no quorum shall be required. The decisions of the General Meeting shall be taken 
by a two-third (2/3) majority of votes held by the Noteholders attending such General Meeting or 
represented thereat."
 (ii) Condition 10(d)(iii) shall not apply to the Notes.
11.
Replacement of Definitive Materialised Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons
If, in the case of any Materialised Notes, a Definitive Materialised Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, 
mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and Regulated Market 
regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as may from time to time be 
designated by the Issuer for this purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on 
payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, 
security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Definitive 
Materialised Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for

--- Page 82 ---
- 82 - 
exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in 
respect of such Definitive Materialised Notes, Receipts, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer 
may require. Mutilated or defaced Materialised Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued.
12.
Further Issues and Consolidation
(a)
Further Issues
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders 
create and issue further Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) with the Notes provided such Notes and the 
further Notes carry rights identical in all respects (or identical in all respects save as to the first payment of 
interest) and that the terms of such Notes provide for such assimilation, and references in these Conditions 
to "Notes" shall be construed accordingly.
(b)
Consolidation
The Issuer, with the prior approval of the Fiscal Agent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld), may 
from time to time on any Interest Payment Date occurring on or after the Redenomination Date on giving 
not less than thirty (30) calendar days' prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13, 
without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders, consolidate the Notes of one 
Series denominated in Euro with the Notes of one or more other Series issued by it, whether or not originally 
issued in one of the European national currencies or in Euro, provided such other Notes have been 
redenominated in Euro (if not originally denominated in Euro) and which otherwise have, in respect of all 
periods subsequent to such consolidation, the same terms and conditions as the Notes.
13.
Notices
(a)
Notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au nominatif) shall be valid if either, 
(i) they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have been 
given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, or (ii) they 
are published in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe or, so long as such Notes are 
admitted to trading on any Regulated Market(s), in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in 
the city/ies where the Regulated Market(s) on which such Notes is/are admitted to trading is located, which 
in the case of the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is expected to be the Luxemburger 
Wort, or (iii) so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, they are published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).
(b)
Notices to the holders of Materialised Notes and Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) shall be 
valid if published in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe or (i) so long as such Notes 
are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market(s), in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation 
in the city/ies where the Regulated Market(s) on which such Notes is/are admitted to trading is located, 
which in the case of the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is expected to be the 
Luxemburger Wort, or (ii) so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, they are published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com).
(c)
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or in bearer 
form) pursuant to these Conditions (including notices relating to the convocation and decision(s) of the 
General Meetings pursuant to Condition 10) may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear 
France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Notes are for the time 
being cleared in substitution for the mailing and publication as required by Conditions 13(a) and (b) above; 
provided that (i) so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market(s) and the rules of 
that Regulated Market so require, notices shall also be published in a leading daily newspaper with general 
circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated Market(s) on which such Notes are admitted to trading is 
located, which in the case of the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is expected to be 
the Luxemburger Wort, or (ii) so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and 
the rules of such Regulated Market so permit, on the website of the Regulated Market where the admission 
is sought, which in the case of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is expected to be the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).

--- Page 83 ---
- 83 - 
(d)
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading daily 
English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any notice given by publication shall be 
deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different 
dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above. Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes 
to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders of Materialised Notes in accordance with 
this Condition.
14.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
(a)
Governing Law
The Notes (and, where applicable, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons) are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, French law.
(b)
Jurisdiction
Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes (and, where applicable, the Receipts, the 
Coupons and the Talons) Receipts, Coupons or Talons may be brought before any competent court of the 
jurisdiction of the Paris Court of Appeal.

--- Page 84 ---
- 84 - 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES
IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED NOTES
Temporary Global Certificates 
A Temporary Global Certificate without interest coupons (a "Temporary Global Certificate") will initially be 
issued in connection with each Tranche of Materialised Notes, which will be delivered on or prior to the issue date 
of the Tranche with a common depositary (the "Common Depositary") for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") 
and for Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream"). Upon the delivery of such Temporary Global Certificate with 
a Common Depositary, Euroclear and Clearstream will credit each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes 
equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid.
The Common Depositary may also credit with a nominal amount of Notes the accounts of subscribers with (if 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear 
and Clearstream held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, a nominal amount of Notes that is initially 
deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, 
Clearstream, or other clearing systems.
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Materialised Notes will be exchangeable, free of charge to 
the holder, on or after its Exchange Date (as defined below):
(i)
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance with 
the C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see "General Description of 
the Programme-Selling Restrictions"), in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Materialised Notes and
(ii)
otherwise, in whole but not in part, upon certification if required under U.S. Treasury regulation section 
1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(3) (or any successor regulation issued under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, 
as amended (the "Code") section 4701(b) containing rules identical to those applying under Code section 
163(f)(2)(B)) as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership for Definitive Materialised Notes.
While any Materialised Note is represented by a Temporary Global Certificate, any payment payable in respect of 
such Materialised Note prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made only to the extent that the 
certification described in (ii) above has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certification received) to the relevant Paying 
Agent. The holder of a Temporary Global Certificate will not be entitled to collect any payment due thereon on 
or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification as described above, exchange of the Temporary Global 
Certificate for an interest in Definitive Materialised Notes is improperly refused or withheld.
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Notes
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Certificate may surrender such Temporary Global 
Certificate to, or to the order of, the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Temporary Global Certificate, the Issuer 
will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated 
Definitive Materialised Notes. In this Base Prospectus, "Definitive Materialised Notes" means, in relation to any 
Temporary Global Certificate, the Definitive Materialised Notes for which such Temporary Global Certificate may 
be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons and Receipts in respect of interest or Instalment 
Amounts that have not already been paid on the Temporary Global Certificate and a Talon). Definitive Materialised 
Notes will be security printed in accordance with any applicable legal and stock exchange requirement.
Exchange Date 
"Exchange Date" means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate in respect of any Materialised Notes, the 
day falling after the expiry of forty (40) calendar days after its issue date, provided that in the event any further 
Materialised Notes which are to be assimilated with such first mentioned Materialised Notes are issued prior to 
such day pursuant to Condition 12(a), the Exchange Date may, at the option of the Issuer, be postponed to the day 
falling after the expiry of forty (40) calendar days after the issue date of such further Materialised Notes.

--- Page 85 ---
- 85 - 
In the case of Materialised Notes with an initial maturity of more than 365 days (and that are not relying on the 
TEFRA C Rules), the Temporary Global Certificate shall bear the following legend: 
ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX LAWS INCLUDING 
THE LIMITATION PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL 
REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED.

--- Page 86 ---
- 86 - 
USE OF PROCEEDS
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used for financing the assets of the Issuer in accordance 
with the provisions of Article L.513-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier).

--- Page 87 ---
- 87 - 
OVERVIEW OF THE LEGISLATION AND REGULATIONS
RELATING TO SOCIÉTÉS DE CRÉDIT FONCIER AND OTHER LEGAL ISSUES
The paragraphs below relating to the laws and regulations applicable to sociétés de crédit foncier and other legal 
issues are based on French laws and regulations in force as at the date of this Base Prospectus and should be 
read in conjunction with, as the case may be, any relevant instruction from the ACPR or ministerial order 
published or as amended from time to time in respect of sociétés de crédit foncier.
Entities entitled to issue Obligations Foncières
Sociétés de crédit foncier are specialised credit institutions (établissements de crédit spécialisés) and authorised 
to act as sociétés de crédit foncier by the ACPR. 
The legal and regulatory regime applicable to sociétés de crédit foncier results from the following provisions: 
- 
Articles L.513-2 to L.513-27 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier); 
- 
Articles R.513-1 to R.513-18 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier); 
- 
Regulation 99-10 of the CRBF (as amended); 
- 
various regulations (instructions) relating to sociétés de crédit foncier issued by the ACPR 
- 
Ordinance n°2021-858 (Ordonnance n° 2021-858 portant transposition de la directive (UE) 2019/2162 
du Parlement européen et du Conseil du 27 novembre 2019 concernant l'émission d'obligations garanties 
et la surveillance publique des obligations garanties) dated 30 June 2021, Decree 2021-898 (Décret no 
2021-898 du 6 juillet 2021 portant transposition de la directive (UE) 2019/2162 du 27 novembre 2019 
concernant l'émission d'obligations garanties et la surveillance publique des obligations garanties) dated 
6 July 2021, Decree 2022-766 (Décret n° 2022-766 du 2 mai 2022 portant diverses modifications du code 
monétaire et financier et complétant la transposition de la directive (UE) 2019/2162 du Parlement 
européen et du Conseil du 27 novembre 2019 concernant l'émission d'obligations garanties et la 
surveillance publique des obligations garanties) dated 2 May 2022 and a ministerial decree (Arrêté du 7 
juillet 2021 modifiant le règlement n° 99-10 du 9 juillet 1999 relatif aux sociétés de crédit foncier et aux 
sociétés de financement de l'habitat) dated 7 July 2021 and Decree 2023-102 (Décret n° 2023-102 du 16 
février 2023 portant modification de l'article R. 513-8-1 du code monétaire et financier) dated 16 
February 2023 which applies from 19 February 2023, and which implements under French law Directive 
(EU) no. 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 27 November 2019 on the issue 
of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision (the "Covered Bonds Directive"); and 
- 
Ordinance 2023-1139 (Ordonnance n° 2023-1139 du 6 décembre 2023 relative aux gestionnaires de 
crédits et aux acheteurs de crédits) dated 6 December 2023 which implements under French law Directive 
(EU) No. 2021/2167 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 24 November 2021 on credit 
servicers and credit purchasers. 
Eligible assets 
In accordance with the French current legal framework applicable to sociétés de crédit foncier on the date hereof, 
the eligible assets of a société de crédit foncier may only be inter alia: 
(i)
secured loans which, in accordance with Article L.513-3 of the French Monetary and Financial Code 
(Code monétaire et financier), include loans which are secured by a first-ranking mortgage over an 
eligible real estate or by other real estate security interests that are equivalent to a first-ranking mortgage 
or loans which purpose is to finance a real estate asset and that are guaranteed by a credit institution, 
financing company (société de financement) or an insurance company qualifying for the credit quality 
step 2 (deuxième échelon de qualité de crédit) or above given by an external rating agency recognised by 
the ACPR as provided in Article L.511-44 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire 
et financier) and which does not belong to the same group as the relevant société de crédit foncier 
according to Article L.233-16 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce). The property used 
as a security or financed by the aforementioned loan must be located in France or in any other Member 
State of the European Union ("EU") or the European Economic Area ("EEA") or in a State benefiting

--- Page 88 ---
- 88 - 
from the highest level of credit assessment (meilleur échelon de qualité de crédit) given by an external 
rating agency recognised by the ACPR as provided in Article L.511-44 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier). Article R.513-1 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code (Code monétaire et financier) provides that a secured loan may only be refinanced by a société de 
crédit foncier within the limits of the lesser of its outstanding amount and a percentage of the value of the 
financed or securing property (sixty per cent (60%), eighty per cent (80%) with respect to housing 
acquisition and/or construction loans granted to natural persons, or one hundred per cent (100%) with 
respect to loans benefiting from certain French State guarantees); 
(ii)
exposures to public entities mentioned in Article L.513-2-I of the French Monetary and Financial Code 
(Code monétaire et financier); 
(iii)
pursuant to Article L.513-6 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), 
exposures secured by the remittance (remise), the assignment (cession) or the pledge (nantissement) over 
receivables, regardless of the nature of such receivables, professional or otherwise, granted by the société 
de crédit foncier with the benefit from Articles L.211-38 to L.211-40 or Articles L.313-23 to L.313-35 
of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) are assimilated to exposures 
referred to in Article L.513-4 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), 
subject to these receivables complying with the conditions set out by article L.513-4 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier);  
(iv)
pursuant to Article L.513-6 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), 
mortgage promissory notes (billets à ordre hypothécaires) governed by Articles L.313-42 et seq. of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) provided that the receivables 
refinanced by such mortgage promissory notes satisfy the conditions set out in Article L.513-3 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) (see paragraph (i) above); and/or 
(v)
pursuant to Article L.513-6 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), 
loans secured by the remittance (remise), the assignment (cession) or the pledge (nantissement) of 
receivables pursuant to and in accordance with the provisions of Articles L.211-36 to L.211-40 or Articles 
L.313-23 to L.313-35 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), 
regardless of the nature of such receivables, professional or otherwise, provided that they satisfy the 
eligibility criteria set out in Article L.513-3 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire 
et financier). 
With respect to the Issuer, given that the Issuer's prime purpose is the refinancing of residential mortgage loans, 
the eligible assets of the Issuer mainly consist of: 
-
a portfolio of residential mortgage loans originated by Crelan SA/NV and purchased by the Issuer 
under the Purchase Documents (see "Material Contracts – Purchase Documents" for details); and 
-
assets which are sufficiently secured and liquid, in accordance with Articles L.513-7 and R.513-6 of 
the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) (see "Overview of the 
legislation and regulations relating to sociétés de crédit foncier – Liquidity needs" below). 
The Issuer may also grant loans to Crelan SA/NV which will be guaranteed by a pledge (nantissement) of 
receivables which will satisfy the eligibility criteria set out in Article L.513-3 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code (Code monétaire et financier) (see "Material Contracts – Facility Documents" for details). 
In addition, in accordance with Article L. 513-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier), like any société de crédit foncier, the Issuer is not allowed to make any other investments, except 
investments in securities, exposures or deposits within the conditions and limits set out in Article R. 513-6 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier). 
Those other assets may only comprise securities, exposures or deposits whose debtors are credit institutions, 
investment firms or portfolio management companies (sociétés de gestion de portefeuille) with the highest credit 
quality level (meilleur échelon de qualité de crédit) or second credit quality level (deuxième échelon de qualité de 
crédit) assigned by an external rating agency recognised by the ACPR pursuant to Article L.511-44 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) or which are guaranteed by credit institutions or 
investment firms with similar credit quality level (du même échelon de qualité de crédit); the exposures on credit 
institutions (établissements de crédit) with highest credit quality level (meilleur échelon de qualité de crédit) shall

--- Page 89 ---
- 89 - 
not exceed fifteen per cent. (15%) of the total amount of the liabilities of the société de crédit foncier which benefit 
from the Privilège and the exposures on credit institutions with second credit quality level (deuxième échelon de 
qualité de crédit) shall not exceed ten per cent. (10%) of such total amount of liabilities. 
When their residual maturity does not exceed one hundred (100) days, receivables on credit institutions, investment 
firms or portfolio management companies established in a Member State of the EU or of the EEA are also 
recognized as sufficiently safe and liquid securities, exposures and deposits when they are rated at the third highest 
credit quality level (troisième meilleur échelon de qualité de crédit) assigned by an external rating agency 
recognised by the ACPR pursuant to Article L.511-44 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier) or are guaranteed by credit institutions or investment firms at the same credit quality level. 
For exposures on credit institutions that fall within the third credit quality level (troisième échelon de qualité de 
crédit) and that take the form of short-term deposits or derivative contracts, the total exposure does not exceed 
eight per cent. (8%) of the nominal outstanding amount of the Issuer of obligations foncières and other resources 
benefiting from the privilege mentioned in 2° of I of Article L. 513-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code 
(Code monétaire et financier).  
Pursuant to Article L.513-9 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) and Article 
13 of Regulation 99-10 of the CRBF, sociétés de crédit foncier must send every quarter to the ACPR information 
relating to the quality of its eligible assets and the outstanding amount of obligations foncières. This report is 
published within forty-five (45) calendar days of the end of every quarter. In addition, according to Article L.513-
9 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), sociétés de crédit foncier must also 
publish on their website every quarter a report containing information relating to the issuance of obligations 
foncières and other resources benefiting from the Privilège, as mentioned in paragraph 2 of the I of Article L.513-
2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) in order to enable investors to assess 
the profile of the loans, securities, deposits and exposures to be financed and the risks associated thereto. Such 
report is available for viewing on the Issuer's website (https://www.axabank.be/fr/a-propos-axa-banque/investor-
relations-and-financial-information/covered-bonds). 
In addition, pursuant to Article 5 of Regulation 99-10 of the CRBF, the Issuer must publish a report (which must 
be attached to its annual report) on the valuation and the methods for the periodic review of real properties values 
financed by loans which are eligible assets of a société de crédit foncier or used as collateral on such loans along 
with a due diligence record (piste d'audit). 
Pursuant to Article R.513-18 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), sociétés 
de crédit foncier must keep the record of all loans made available by it or acquired by it. This record must specify 
the type and value of the security and guarantees attached to such loans and the type and amount of the liabilities 
benefiting from the Privilège.  
Financing portion (quotité de financement) 
In accordance with the French legal framework applicable to sociétés de crédit foncier, the Issuer may only finance 
eligible assets in the form of residential mortgage loans through issuance of obligations foncières up to the lower 
of the following amounts:  
- 
the principal outstanding amount of the loan;  
- 
the product of (i) the value of the charged residential real estate securing the loan or the residential real 
estate financed by such loan and (ii) the applicable "financing portion" (quotité de financement) referred 
to in Article R. 513-1-II of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) (which 
in respect of certain home loans is 80%). 
Cover ratio 
Sociétés de crédit foncier must at all times maintain a cover ratio between their assets and their liabilities which 
have the benefit of the Privilège. Pursuant to Articles L.513-12 and R.513-8 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code (Code monétaire et financier), sociétés de crédit foncier must at all times maintain a ratio of at least 105 per 
cent (105%). between their assets and the total amount of their liabilities which have the benefit of the Privilège. 
The ratio's denominator (Article 8 of Regulation 99-10 of the CRBF) "is composed of obligations foncières and 
other resources benefiting from the Privilège", as well as the anticipated maintenance and management costs for 
terminating the programme of obligations foncières (i.e. the Programme) which amounts to 0.03% multiplied by

--- Page 90 ---
- 90 - 
the weighted average maturity of resources which benefit from the Privilège multiplied by the aggregate nominal 
amount of preferred resources which benefit from the Privilège.  
The ratio's numerator (Article 9 of Regulation 99-10 of the CRBF) is made up of all the assets, exposures or 
receivables provided as collateral eligible in accordance with the laws and regulations applicable to sociétés de 
crédit foncier (see section entitled "Eligible assets") (including claims for payment owed in relation to forward 
financial instruments benefiting from the Privilège) weighted to reflect their category. In the case of secured home 
loans, they are weighted as regards home loans secured by a first ranking mortgage, according to Article R.513-1 
of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) , the lesser of (i) its outstanding amount 
and (ii) the product of the value of the financed or securing property and a financing portion (quotité de 
financement) of (x) sixty per cent (60%) with respect to commercial property (bien immobilier commercial), (y) 
eighty per cent (80%) with respect to housing acquisition and/or construction loans granted to natural persons 
(bien immobilier résidentiel), it being specified that the value of such properties that are still to be built shall be 
their price of future completion (prix de vente en l'état futur d'achèvement), or (z) one hundred per cent (100%) 
with respect to loans benefiting from certain French State guarantees). 
The assets enabling to meet the cover requirements shall include any security received in relation to positions on 
forward financial instruments. 
If the exposures to assets over companies falling within the same scope of consolidation as the société de crédit 
foncier (as defined in Article L.233-16 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier)), 
are over twenty five per cent (25%) of the resources which do not benefit from the Privilège, is deducted from the 
ratio's numerator mentioned in Article R.513-8 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier) a sum corresponding to the difference between (i) such exposures on such companies, and (ii) a sum 
corresponding to the percentage of twenty five per cent (25%) of the resources which do not benefit from the 
Privilège and other assets received as collateral, pledge or full transfer of ownership in accordance with Articles 
L.211-36 to L.211-40, L.313-23 to L.313-35 and L.313-42 to L.313-49 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code (Code monétaire et financier), these assets being weighted in accordance with Article 9 of Regulation 99-10 
of the CRBF to reflect their category.  
Pursuant to Article 12 of of Regulation 99-10 of the CRBF, in the event that the assets of the société de crédit 
foncier is composed of receivables guaranteed by collateral assets in accordance with Articles L.211-36 to L.211-
40, L.313-23 to L.313-35, and L.313-42 to L.313-49 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire 
et financier) and if these assets are not sufficiently secure and liquid securities, exposures and deposits as referred 
to in Article L. 513-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), the cover ratio is 
assessed by taking into account the assets received as collateral either by way of pledge or full transfer of ownership 
(and not the receivables of the société de crédit foncier). 
Pursuant to Article 10 of of Regulation 99-10 of the CRBF, sociétés de crédit foncier must submit to the ACPR 
on 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December of each year: 
-
their cover ratio; 
-
elements used to calculate the coverage of their cash requirements (as regards to which see below);  
-
other elements relating to the assets and liabilities in respect of management standards as provided under 
Article 12 of Regulation 99-10 of the CRBF; 
-
the information necessary to comply with the requirements mentioned in Article 12bis of Regulation 99-10 
of the CRBF in respect of forward financial instruments (i.e. derivative transactions). 
In accordance with Article R.513-16 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), 
the specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) ensures that the cover ratio is at all times complied with and, in 
particular, in connection with (i) the société de crédit foncier's quarterly programme of issues benefiting from the 
Privilège and (ii) any specific issue also benefiting from the Privilège whose amount is greater than €500,000,000 
or its equivalent in the currency of issue. 
The specific controller must verify the eligibility and quality of the assets, the process of yearly revaluation of the 
charged properties and the congruence of the asset liability management (see "Specific Controller below" for 
further details). 
Certain Loans are only partially secured by a Mortgage

--- Page 91 ---
- 91 - 
Certain Loans are only partially secured by a Mortgage. Generally, where a Loan is only partially secured by a 
Mortgage, the Debtor of the relevant Loan or a third party provider of Loan Security may have granted a mortgage 
mandate. A mortgage mandate does not constitute an actual security which creates a priority right of payment out 
of the proceeds of a sale of the mortgaged property, but is an irrevocable power of attorney granted by a Debtor or 
a third party provider of a Loan Security to certain attorneys enabling them to create a Mortgage as security for 
the Loan (a "Mortgage Mandate"). Such Mortgage will only become enforceable against third parties upon 
registration of such Mortgage at the Mortgage Registration Office. The ranking of the Mortgage is based on the 
date of registration. The registration is dated the day on which the mortgage deed pertaining to the creation of the 
Mortgage and the "registration extracts" (borderellen/bordereaux) are registered at the Mortgage Registration 
Office. When a Mortgage Mandate is converted into a Mortgage, stamp duties (registratierechten/droits 
d’enregistrement) and other costs will be payable. 
The following limitations, amongst others, exist in relation to the conversion of Mortgage Mandates: 
(a)
a Debtor or a third party provider of Loan Security that has granted a Mortgage Mandate, may grant a 
Mortgage to a third party that will rank in priority to the Mortgage to be created pursuant to the conversion 
of the Mortgage Mandate, although this would generally constitute a breach of the contractual obligations 
of such Debtor or such third party provider of Loan Security; 
(b)
if a conservatory attachment (bewarend beslag/saisie conservatoire) or an executory attachment (uitvoerend 
beslag/saisie execution) on the mortgaged asset has been made by a third party creditor of the Debtor, or, as 
the case may be, of the third party provider of Loan Security, a Mortgage registered pursuant to the exercise 
of the Mortgage Mandate after the writ of attachment has been recorded at the Mortgage Registration Office, 
will not be enforceable against such creditor; 
(c)
if a Debtor or a third party provider of Loan Security is a merchant or commercial entity, the effectiveness 
of the Mortgage Mandate can be limited by insolvency laws applicable to such Debtor; 
(d)
if the Debtor or the third party provider of Loan Security, as the case may be, is an individual, and started 
collective debt settlement proceedings, a Mortgage registered at the Mortgage register after the judge has 
declared the request admissible, is not enforceable against the other creditors; and 
(e)
besides the possibility that the Debtor or the third party provider of Loan Security may grant a Mortgage to 
another lender as referred to above, the Mortgage to be created pursuant to a Mortgage Mandate may also 
rank after certain legal Mortgages (such as e.g. the legal Mortgage of the Treasury) to the extent these 
Mortgages are recorded with the Mortgage Registration Office before the exercise of the Mortgage Mandate. 
For Loans which are only partially secured by a Mortgage, only the portion of Loans which are effectively secured 
by a Mortgage will be taken into account for the calculation of the cover ratio.  
Issuer qualifies as a mobilisation institution  
The Issuer qualifies as a mobiliseringinstelling/organisme de mobilisation (a "Mobilisation Institution") under 
Article 2, 5° c) of the Belgian Act of 3 August 2012 in respect of various measures to facilitate the mobilisation of 
receivables in the financial sector (wet betreffende diverse maatregelen ter vergemakkelijking van de mobilisering 
van schuldvorderingen in de financiële sector / loi relative à des mesures diverses pour faciliter la mobilisation 
de créances dans le secteur financier) as amended from time to time (the "Belgian Mobilisation Act"). 
Failure to maintain its status as Mobilisation Institution may impact the position of the Issuer as follows: 
(a)
Notarisation and Marginal Notation of transfer or pledge of the Loans 
Articles 81quater et seq. of the Belgian Act of 16 December 1851 in respect of mortgages (the "Belgian 
Mortgage Act") grant an exemption from Article 5 of the Belgian Mortgage Act in relation to a transfer and 
pledge of Loans secured by a Mortgage by or to a Mobilisation Institution, so that a transfer or pledge of 
Loans secured by a Mortgage to the Issuer is enforceable against third parties (tegenwerpelijk aan 
derden/opposable aux tiers) without notarial deed and marginal notation. 
Failure to maintain the status as mobilisation institution under Article 2, 5° c) of the Belgian Mobilisation 
Act may result in the Issuer not benefiting from Mortgages enforceable vis-à-vis third parties, which, in

--- Page 92 ---
- 92 - 
relation to the Loans purchased under the Purchase Documents or following enforcement of the Collateral 
Security under the Collateral Security Agreements, may affect the ability of the Issuer to make payments 
under the Notes. 
(b)
Subordination in respect of All Sums Mortgages 
Most of the Loans relate to loans that are secured by a mortgage which is also used to secure all other 
amounts that a Debtor owes or in the future may owe to the Seller/Pledgor pursuant to Article 81 quinquies 
of the Belgian Mortgage Act, a so-called "all sums mortgage" (alle sommen hypotheek/hypothèque pour 
toutes sommes) (an "All Sums Mortgage"). 
Pursuant to Article 81 quinquies of the Belgian Mortgage Act, a loan secured by an All Sums Mortgage 
which is transferred to a Mobilisation Institution will rank in priority to any debt which arises after the date 
of the transfer/pledge and which is also secured by the same All Sums Mortgage. While the 
transferred/pledged Loan ranks in priority to further loans, it will have equal ranking with loans or debts 
which existed at the time of the transfer/pledge and which were secured by the same All Sums Mortgage. 
Where there are competing claims in respect of Loans secured by All Sums Mortgages, the Mortgage Loan 
Sale Agreement and the Collateral Security Agreements provide that any loans and debts existing at the time 
of the transfer/pledge of the Loans and which are secured by the same All Sums Mortgage are subordinated 
to the Loans in relation to all sums received out of the enforcement of the All Sums Mortgage and any 
Additional Security. Article 81 quinquies of the Belgian Mortgage Act confirms that such subordination 
arrangements are exempt from notarisation or marginal notation. 
Failure to maintain the status as mobilisation institution under Article 2, 5° c) of the Belgian Mobilisation 
Act may result in the Issuer not benefiting from effective subordination arrangements in respect of loans 
secured by the same All Sums Mortgages and not transferred or pledged to the Issuer. 
(c)
Mortgage Mandates 
Generally, the benefit of a Mortgage that is created upon a conversion of the Mortgage Mandate in the sole 
name and for the sole benefit of the Seller/Pledgor after the sale/pledge of the Loan, can most likely not be 
conferred upon the Issuer as new beneficiary (unless this is specifically provided for in the Mortgage 
Mandate deed). Art. 81sexties of the Belgian Mortgage Act however provides that the benefit of the 
Mortgage Mandates is automatically transferred to the transferee/pledgee of a Loan covered by such 
Mortgage Mandate, provided such pledgee or transferee is a Mobilisation Institution. 
Failure to maintain the status as mobilisation institution under Article 2, 5° c) of the Belgian Mobilisation 
Act may result in the Issuer not benefiting from Mortgage Mandates covering transferred/pledged Loans. 
(d)
Set-off and defence of non-performance 
Failure to maintain the status as mobilisation institution under Article 2, 5° c) of the Belgian Mobilisation 
Act may result in additional grounds for the Debtor to exercise set-off rights or defences of non-performance. 
See the risk factors "Set-off by Debtors under Belgian law" and "Defence of Non-Performance under Belgian 
law". 
Effectiveness of the assignment or pledge of certain Additional Security interests 
As an accessory to the sale or pledge of the Loans, the Purchaser/Secured Party will be entitled to the benefit of 
certain Additional Security interests granted by Debtors to the Seller/Pledgor, such as an assignment of salary 
and/or insurance proceeds.  
The assignment by a Debtor (who is an employee) of its salary is governed by special legislation (Articles 27 to 
35 of the Belgian Act of 12 April 1965 on the protection of the salary of employees (Wet betreffende de 
bescherming van het loon der werknemers/Loi concernant la protection de la rémunération des travailleurs) (the 
"Belgian Salary Protection Act"). The Belgian Salary Protection Act provides for specific formalities for a valid 
assignment of salary, but is silent on possible specific requirements in relation to the purchase or pledge of a Loan 
that is secured by such assignment of salary.

--- Page 93 ---
- 93 - 
Under Belgian law, it is not certain to which extent the Seller/Pledgor can validly assign or pledge the benefit of 
such assignment of salary by a Debtor to the Issuer, as such, the Issuer may not have the benefit of such 
arrangement in case of insolvency of the Seller/Pledgor, which may adversely impact on the ability of the Issuer 
to meet its obligations in full to pay interest and principal in respect of the Notes. Moreover: 
(a)
a Debtor may have assigned his salary as security for its debts (other than the Loans) and the assignee who 
first starts actual enforcement of the assignment against the Debtor would have priority over the other 
assignees; and 
(b)
there are arguments to support the view that a transfer of salary in a notarised deed still requires a bailiff 
notification to be enforceable vis-à-vis third parties. 
Furthermore, the Seller/Pledgor as mortgagee enjoys statutory protection under Article 10 of the Belgian Mortgage 
Act and Article 112 of the Insurance Act of 4 April 2014 on insurances (Wet betreffende de verzekeringen/Loi 
relative aux assurances) (the "Belgian Insurance Act") pursuant to which any indemnity which third parties 
(including Insurance Companies) owe for the reason of the destruction of or damage to the mortgaged property 
will be allocated to the mortgagee-creditors to the extent these indemnities are not used for the reconstruction of 
the mortgaged property. However, Article 112, §2 of the Belgian Insurance Act provides that the Insurance 
Company can pay out the indemnity to the insured in case the holder of an unpublished/undisclosed security over 
the property does not oppose this by prior notification. The purchase or the pledge of the Loan and the Mortgage 
to the Issuer will not be noted in the margin of the mortgage register and although there are no useful precedents 
under Belgian law in respect of the issuer's rights to such insurance proceeds, the purchase or the pledge should 
not prejudice the Issuer’s position because (i) the Mortgage would remain validly registered notwithstanding the 
purchase or the pledge and (ii) the Issuer would be the assignee and successor of the Seller. Whether the Insurance 
Company needs to pay to the Seller/Pledgor or to the Issuer would not be of any interest to the Insurance Company. 
A notification issue also arises in connection with Article 120, §1 of the Belgian Insurance Act which provides 
that the Insurance Company cannot invoke any defences which derive from facts arising after the accident has 
occurred (for instance a late filing of a claim) against mortgagee-creditors the mortgages of whom are known to 
the Insurance Company. The Insurance Company should not have a valid interest in disputing the rights of the 
Issuer. Pursuant to Article 120, §2 of the Belgian Insurance Act:  
(a)
the Insurance Company can invoke the suspension, reduction or termination of the insurance coverage only 
after having given the Seller/Pledgor one month prior notice; and 
(b)
if the suspension or termination of the insurance coverage is due to the non-payment of premiums, the 
Seller/Pledgor has the right to pay the premiums within the one-month notice period and thus avoid the 
suspension or termination of the insurance coverage.  
Liquidity needs 
Pursuant to Articles L.513-8 and R.513-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier), sociétés de crédit foncier must ensure, at all times, the coverage of their liquidity needs for the next 180 
calendar days (taking into account the forecasted flows in principal and interest on their assets and net flows related 
to forward financial instruments referred to in Article L.513-10 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier)), by liquid assets, short term exposures to credit institutions or short term deposits with 
credit institutions (actifs liquides, expositions à court terme sur des établissements de crédit ou dépôts à court 
terme auprès d’établissements de crédit), as defined under Article R.513-7 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code (Code monétaire et financier). 
In the event that the assets of the société de crédit foncier are composed of receivables secured by collateral assets 
in accordance with Articles L.211-36 to L.211-40, L.313-23 to L.313-35, and L.313-42 to L.313-49 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) and if these assets are not liquid assets or short term 
exposures to credit institutions (actifs liquides ou expositions à court terme sur des établissements de crédit) as 
defined under Article R.513-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), the 
liquidity needs are assessed by taking into account the estimated cash inflows of the assets received as collateral 
either by way of pledge or transfer of ownership (and not the estimated cash flow of the receivables of the société 
de crédit foncier, secured by such collateral assets).

--- Page 94 ---
- 94 - 
On the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer's liquidity needs are covered by liquid assets, short term exposures 
to credit institutions or short term deposits with credit institutions (actifs liquides, expositions à court terme sur 
des établissements de crédit ou dépôts à court terme auprès d’établissements de crédit).  
Pursuant to Article 12 of Regulation 99-10 of the CRBF, sociétés de crédit foncier must ensure that the average 
life of the eligible assets held by them in a minimum amount required to comply with the cover ratio referred to in 
Article R. 513-8 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), does not exceed more 
than 18 months the average life of its liabilities benefiting from the Privilège. 
Subscription by the société de crédit foncier of its own obligations foncières as eligible collateral with the 
Banque de France
Pursuant to Article L.513-26 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), a société 
de crédit foncier may subscribe its own obligations foncières for the sole purpose of granting them as eligible 
collateral with the Banque de France in accordance with the procedures and conditions laid out by it for its 
monetary policy and intraday credit operations in the event that the Issuer cannot meet its liquidity needs from any 
other sources. Such recognition as eligible collateral will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria as specified by the European Central Bank. The obligations foncières thus subscribed by the société de 
crédit foncier must meet the following conditions: 
- their outstanding principal amount does not exceed 10 per cent (10%). of the outstanding principal amount of 
any liabilities of the société de crédit foncier benefiting from the Privilège on the subscription date of the 
obligations foncières by the société de crédit foncier; 
- they are deprived of the rights provided for under Articles L.228-46 to L.228-89 of the French Commercial Code 
(Code de commerce) for so long as they are held by the société de crédit foncier; 
- they are granted as collateral to the Banque de France or they are cancelled within the eight (8) calendar days 
from their settlement date or from the date they are no more granted as collateral, as applicable; and 
- they cannot be subscribed by a third party. 
The specific controller of the société de crédit foncier must certify these conditions are met in a report delivered 
to the ACPR. 
Hedging 
In accordance with Article L.513-10 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), a 
société de crédit foncier may enter into forward financial instruments (instruments financiers à terme) as defined 
in Article L.211-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) to hedge transactions 
for management (opérations de gestion) of the loans and exposures as referred to in Articles L.513-3 to L.513-7 
of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), obligations foncières and other 
resources benefiting from the Privilège. 
Any amounts payable pursuant to these forward financial instruments, after the applicable set-off as the case may 
be, benefit from the Privilège, unless such forward financial instruments were not concluded by the Issuer to hedge 
items of its assets and/or privileged liabilities or the global risk on its assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet items 
in accordance with Article L.513-10 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier). 
According to Article 12 of Regulation 99-10 of the CRBF and Articles 85 and 86 of the Arrêté dated 3 November 
2014 with respect to the internal control of the banking sector companies, payment services and investment 
services providers subject to the supervision of the ACPR, the société de crédit foncier shall implement a system 
for measuring overall interest rate risks under the conditions set forth in Article 134 to Article 139 of the Arrêté of 
3 November 2014. 
Specific controller

--- Page 95 ---
- 95 - 
Pursuant to Article L.513-23 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), in each 
société de crédit foncier, a specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) and a substitute specific controller 
(contrôleur spécifique suppléant) are in charge of ensuring the compliance of the société de crédit foncier with the 
legal framework described herein. The specific controller and the substitute specific controller are selected from 
the official list of auditors and appointed by the officers of the société de crédit foncier with the approval of the 
Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution. 
Pursuant to Articles L.513-23 and R.513-16 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier), the tasks of the specific controller are to:  
(i)
ensure that the société de crédit foncier complies with Articles L.513-2 to L.513-12 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier);  
(ii)
certify that the cover ratio of Article L.513-12 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier) is satisfied in connection with (i) the société de crédit foncier's quarterly 
programme of issues benefiting from the Privilège and (ii) any issue of resources benefiting from the 
Privilège and whose amount is greater than or equal to €500,000,000 or its equivalent in the currency of 
issue;  
(iii)
ensure that the assets granted or purchased by sociétés de crédit foncier are eligible assets in accordance 
with Articles L.513-2 to L. 513-12 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier) and with the requirements set out in Articles L.513-3 to L.513-7 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) (see "Eligible Assets" above);  
(iv)
review, pursuant to Article 12 ter of Regulation 99-10 of the CRBF and on a yearly basis, the level of rate 
and maturity matching between the assets and the liabilities. In case the specific controller believes that 
the level of rate and maturity matching would create excessive risks for the creditors benefiting from the 
Privilège, the specific controller informs the officers of the relevant société de crédit foncier and the 
ACPR; and 
(v)
in relation to obligations foncières for which the Issuer requests the use, or benefits from, the "European 
Covered Bond (Premium)" label, to verify that the provisions of Article 129 of Regulation (EU) No. 
575/2013 dated 26 June 2013, as amended, are complied with. 
Pursuant to Article L.513-23 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), the 
specific controller attends all shareholders' meetings and, on his request, may be heard by the board of directors of 
the société de crédit foncier and is entitled to receive all the documents and information necessary to the fulfillment 
of its mission and to perform, under certain conditions, any audit and control in the premises of the société de 
crédit foncier. The specific controller prepares annual reports on the accomplishment of his missions to the 
management of the société de crédit foncier, a copy of which is delivered to the ACPR. 
Privilège and non-privileged debts
The obligations foncières issued by sociétés de crédit foncier, together with the other resources raised, the 
issuance or subscription agreement of which mentions the Privilège, and the liabilities resulting from derivative 
transactions relating to the hedging of assets, obligations foncières and other privileged debts in accordance with 
the second paragraph of Article L.513-10 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier) benefit from the Privilège.  
Pursuant to Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), 
notwithstanding any legal provisions to the contrary and in particular the provisions included in the French 
Commercial Code (Code de commerce) relating to the prevention and conciliation of business difficulties and to 
the safeguard, judicial administration and liquidation of companies: 
(i)
the sums deriving from the loans, assimilated receivables, exposures, securities and deposits as referred 
to in Articles L.513-3 to L.513-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier), including any mortgage, charge, lien or other guarantee or indemnity relating thereto, and from 
forward financial instruments used for hedging as referred to in Article L.513-10 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) (in each case, after any applicable set-off), together 
with the claims in respect of deposits made by a société de crédit foncier with credit institutions, are

--- Page 96 ---
- 96 - 
allocated in priority to the payment of any sums due in relation to the obligations foncières, other 
resources benefiting from the Privilège as mentioned in Article L.513-2 I 2°of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), to derivatives transactions used for hedging, under the 
conditions of Article L.513-10 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) 
as well as to some ancillary expenses and the sums, if any, due under the contract provided for in Article 
L.513-15 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier); 
(ii)
when a société de crédit foncier such as the Issuer is subject to safeguard, judicial or liquidation 
proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde, de redressement ou de liquidation judiciaires) or resolution 
proceedings (procédure de résolution) opened pursuant to Article L.613-49 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), the amounts due by the société de crédit foncier such as 
the Issuer and arising regularly from the transactions referred to in paragraph 2 of I of Article L.513-2 of 
the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) (including some ancillary 
expenses and the sums, if any, due under the contract provided for in Article L.513-15 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier)) are paid on their contractual due date, and 
in priority to all other debts, whether or not preferred or secured, including interest resulting from 
agreements whatever their duration. No other creditor of a société de crédit foncier such as the Issuer may 
exercise any right over the assets and rights either in principal or accrued or future interest of such société 
de crédit foncier until all creditors benefiting from the Privilège as defined in Article L.513-11 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) have been fully paid off; and 
(iii)
the safeguard proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation proceedings (procédure de 
redressement judiciaire), judicial liquidation proceedings (procédure de liquidation) or resolution 
proceedings (procédure de résolution) opened pursuant to Article L.613-49 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) against a société de crédit foncier such as the Issuer will 
not result in the acceleration of payment of obligations foncières and other resources benefiting from the 
Privilège. In addition, the same proceedings will not result by themselves in the alteration, set-off, 
suspension or termination of forward financial instruments entered into by the Issuer.
Non-privileged debts 
Sociétés de crédit foncier may also issue ordinary bonds or raise funds which do not benefit from such Privilège.  
The Issuer may also refinance its assets in accordance with specific means of refinancing set forth by Article 
L.513-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), such as transfers of receivables 
in accordance with Article L.313-23 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier) or temporary transfers of its securities as provided for in Articles L.211-22 to L.211-34 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) or having recourse to funding secured by a pledge of 
a securities account as defined in Article L. 211-20 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire 
et financier). In such case, the receivables and securities so refinanced are not taken into account for the purpose 
of determining the cover ratio of the resources benefiting from the Privilège.  
Insolvency derogatory regime 
Article L.513-20 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) precludes the extension 
of any safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or 
liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) in respect of the société de crédit foncier's shareholders to the société de crédit 
foncier. 
The French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) provides for a regime which derogates in 
many ways from the French legal provisions relating to insolvency proceedings. In particular, pursuant to Article 
L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), in case of bankruptcy 
proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde, de sauvegarde accélérée, de redressement ou de liquidation judiciaire) of 
the Issuer, or resolution proceedings opened pursuant to Article L. 613-49 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code against the Issuer, all cash flows generated by the assets of the Issuer are allocated as a matter of absolute 
priority to servicing liabilities of the Issuer which benefit from the Privilège as they fall due, in preference to all 
other claims, whether or not secured or statutorily preferred and, until payment in full of the liabilities of the Issuer 
which benefit from the Privilège, no other creditors may take any action against the assets of the Issuer, either in 
principal or accrued or future interest.

--- Page 97 ---
- 97 - 
In addition, pursuant to Article L.513-18 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier), the provisions of Article L.632-2 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce), allowing an 
administrative receiver to render certain transactions entered into during the hardening period (période suspecte) 
null and void are not applicable to contracts executed by a société de crédit foncier, or to transactions entered into 
by a société de crédit foncier, provided that those contracts and transactions are made in accordance with their 
exclusive legal purpose as defined by Article L.513-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire 
et financier) and exclusive of any fraud. 
Pursuant to Article L.513-21 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), in case 
of the opening of any safeguard proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement 
judiciaire) or judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) against the credit institution which is acting as manager 
and servicer of the assets and liabilities of the société de crédit foncier, the recovery, management and servicing 
contract pursuant to which the société de crédit foncier has delegated to such credit institution the management or 
recovery of its assets may be immediately terminated by the société de crédit foncier notwithstanding any legal 
provisions to the contrary. 
As a specialised credit institutions (établissements de crédit spécialisés), the Issuer is subject to Directive 
2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a framework for the 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms as implemented in France (See "Resolution 
procedures under the European Bank Recovery and Resolution framework" below). 
Extendable maturity structure 
In accordance with Article L. 513-2-I bis and Article R. 513-8-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier), a société de crédit foncier may issue obligations foncières with extendable maturity 
structures, provided that: 
(i)
the contractual terms and conditions of such obligations foncières specify the relevant maturity extension 
trigger(s), which are one of the following events (or all of them):
(a)
(1) a default of payment, on the maturity date initially set by the société de crédit foncier, of 
principal or interest under a loan granted by the société de crédit foncier to a credit institution 
and guaranteed by the remittance, assignment or pledge (la remise, la cession ou le nantissement) 
of receivables pursuant to Articles L.211-38 to L.211-40 or Articles L.313-23 to L.313-35 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), whether or not these 
receivables are of a professional nature, or (2) a default of payment, by the credit institution 
issuing promissory notes (billets à ordres) subscribed by the société de crédit foncier in 
accordance with the terms and conditions defined in Articles L.313-43 to L.313-48 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), of principal or interest under such 
promissory notes;
(b)
a default of payment, on the maturity date initially set by the société de crédit foncier, of principal 
or interest due under the obligations foncières by the société de crédit foncier;
(c)
(1) a credit institution benefiting from loans granted by the société de crédit foncier and 
guaranteed by the remittance, assignment or pledge (la remise, la cession ou le nantissement) of 
receivables pursuant to Articles L.211-38 to L.211-40 or Articles L.313-23 to L.313-35 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), whether or not these 
receivables are of a professional nature, or (2) a credit institution issuing promissory notes (billets 
à ordres) subscribed by the société de crédit foncier in accordance with the terms and conditions 
defined in Articles L.313-43 to L.313-48 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier), is subject to safeguard proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde), judicial 
reorganisation or liquidation proceedings (procédure de redressement ou de liquidation 
judiciaires) or resolution proceedings (procédure de résolution) opened pursuant to Article 
L.613-49 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier); or
(d)
the société de crédit foncier is subject to safeguard proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde), 
judicial reorganisation or liquidation proceedings (procédure de redressement ou de liquidation 
judiciaires) or resolution proceedings (procédure de résolution) opened pursuant to Article 
L.613-49 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier).
(ii)
the final maturity date of such obligations foncières is at all times determinable; and

--- Page 98 ---
- 98 - 
(iii)
in the cases referred to in paragraph (i)(d) above, the maturity extensions do not affect the ranking of the 
investors in such obligations foncières or invert the sequencing of the original maturity schedule of such 
obligations foncières.
Article R. 513-8-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) does not apply to 
obligations foncières issued before 8 July 2022, i.e. obligations foncières with extendable maturity structures 
issued by the Issuer before 8 July 2022 do not need to comply with the above mentioned conditions. 
Labelling 
Save for obligations foncières which are assimilated to and under the same legal regime as obligations foncières
issued before 8 July 2022, pursuant to Article L.513-26-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier), a société de crédit foncier may use, for its programme: 
(i)
the "European Covered Bond" label for the issuance of obligations foncières or other resources benefiting 
from the Privilège, provided that it complies with Articles L.513-2 to L.513-26 and R.513-1 to R.513-18 
of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier); and 
(ii)
the "European Covered Bond (Premium)" label for the issuance of obligations foncières or other 
resources benefiting from the Privilège, provided that it complies with Articles L.513-2 to L.513-26 and 
R.513-1 to R.513-18 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) and the 
provisions of Article 129 of Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 dated 26 June 2013 (as amended). 
A société de crédit foncier may apply to one of the above-mentioned labels and then, provided it is eligible, decide 
whether or not to comply with. 
Pursuant to Article 16 of the CRBF Regulation, the ACPR is responsible for the granting and supervision of both 
"European Covered Bond" and "European Covered Bond (Premium)" labels. The conditions and procedures for 
granting and monitoring these labels are detailed in Instruction no 2022-I-23 issued by the ACPR on 9 December 
2022. In particular, the ACPR publishes the lists of obligations foncières that are entitled to use the "European 
Covered Bond" and "European Covered Bond (Premium)" labels. 
With regard to the "European Covered Bond (Premium)" label, in accordance with Article L.513-23 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), the specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) verifies 
that the provisions of Article 129 of Regulation (EU) no. 575/2013 dated 26 June 2013 (as amended) are complied 
with.  
No representation is however made or assurance given that any Notes will remain eligible to the "European 
Covered Bond (Premium)" label until their Maturity Date. 
Resolution procedures under the European Bank Recovery and Resolution framework 
The Issuer, as a specialised credit institution (établissement de crédit spécialisé) and a subsidiary of Crelan SA/NV 
(i.e. a Belgian credit institution supervised by the European Central Bank), is subject to the provisions of Directive 
2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union dated 15 May 2014 establishing 
a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (the "BRRD"). 
The powers provided to the authority designated by each EU Member State (the "Resolution Authority") in the 
BRRD and Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union 
of 15 July 2014 (the "SRM Regulation") include write-down/conversion powers to ensure that capital instruments 
(including subordinated debt instruments) and eligible liabilities (including senior debt instruments if junior 
instruments prove insufficient to absorb all losses, and to a certain extent the Notes) absorb losses of the issuing 
institution under resolution in accordance with a set order of priority (the "Bail-in Tool"). The conditions for 
resolution under the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) implementing the BRRD, 
as defined in Article L. 613-49-II of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), are 
deemed to be met when: (i) the Resolution Authority or the relevant supervisory authority determines that the 
institution is failing or is likely to fail, (ii) there is no reasonable prospect that any measure other than a resolution 
measure would prevent the failure within a reasonable timeframe, and (iii) a resolution measure is necessary for 
the achievement of the resolution objectives and winding up of the institution under normal insolvency proceedings 
would not meet those resolution objectives to the same extent. 
The Resolution Authority could also, independently of a resolution measure or in combination with a resolution 
measure where the conditions for resolution are met, write-down or convert capital instruments (including

--- Page 99 ---
- 99 - 
subordinated debt instruments) into equity when it determines that the institution or its group will no longer be 
viable unless such write down or conversion power is exercised or when the institution requires extraordinary 
public financial support (except when extraordinary public financial support is provided in the form defined in 
Article L. 613-48 III, 3° of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier)). 
The Bail-in Tool could result in the full (i.e., to zero) or partial write-down or conversion into ordinary shares or 
other instruments of ownership of the Notes, or the variation of the terms of the Notes (for example, the maturity 
and/or interest payable may be altered and/or a temporary suspension of payments may be ordered). Extraordinary 
public financial support should only be used as a last resort after having assessed and applied, to the maximum 
extent practicable, the resolutions measures, including the Bail-in Tool. Where the Issuer’s financial condition 
deteriorates, the existence of the Bail-in Tool could cause the market price or value of the Notes to decline more 
rapidly than would be the case in the absence of such power. In addition to the Bail-in Tool, the BRRD provides 
the Resolution Authority with broader powers to implement other resolution measures with respect to institutions 
that meet the conditions for resolution, which may include (without limitation) the sale of the institution’s business, 
the creation of a bridge institution, the separation of assets, the replacement or substitution of the institution as 
obligor in respect of debt instruments, modifications to the terms of debt instruments (including altering the 
maturity and/or the amount of interest payable and/or imposing a temporary suspension on payments), removing 
management, appointing an interim administrator, and discontinuing the listing and admission to trading of 
financial instruments. 
To ensure that the Bail-in Tool will be effective, French credit institutions must meet, at all times, a minimum 
requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities ("MREL") pursuant to Article L.613-44 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier). The MREL is expressed as a percentage of total liabilities and 
equity of the institution and aims to prevent institutions from structuring their commitments in a manner which 
could limit or prevent the effectiveness of the Bail-in Tool. The Issuer expects to receive formal notification from 
the Resolution Authority of the minimum MREL requirements applicable to the Issuer during the course of 2025. 
With respect to the obligations foncières (such as the Notes), the BRRD provides that the Resolution Authority 
will not exercise the write-down or conversion powers in relation to secured liabilities including covered bonds 
and liabilities in the form of financial instruments used for hedging purposes which form an integral part of the 
cover pool and which according to national law are secured in a way similar to covered bonds, whether they are 
governed by the law of a Member State or of a third country. Nevertheless, relevant claims for the purposes of the 
Bail-in Tool would still include the claims of the holders in respect of any Notes issued under the Programme, 
only if and to the extent that the bond liability exceeded the value of the cover pool collateral against which it is 
secured. In such case and to such extent, the write-down or conversion requirements could result in the full (i.e., 
to zero) or partial write-down or conversion into ordinary shares or other instruments of ownership of the Notes, 
or the variation of the terms of Notes (for example, the maturity and/or interest payable may be altered and/or a 
temporary suspension of payments may be ordered). 
In addition, following the publication on 7 June 2019 in the Official Journal of the EU of (i) Directive (EU) 
2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 20 May 2019 amending the BRRD as regards the 
loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC and 
of (ii) Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 20 May 2019 amending the 
Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit 
institutions and investment firms, a comprehensive legislative package reducing risks in the banking sector and 
further reinforcing banks' ability to withstand potential shocks strengthens the banking union and reduces risks in 
the financial system. On 18 April 2023, the European Commission published a proposal for the further amendment 
of BRRD, which is part of the crisis management and deposit insurance ("CMDI") legislative package that also 
includes amendments to SRM Regulation and to BRRD ("SRMR2") and to Directive 2014/49/EU, the Deposit 
Guarantee Schemes Directive ("DGSD"). The proposal would amend the BRRD, in particular as regards the 
improved application of the tools that are already available in the bank recovery and resolution framework, 
clarifying the conditions for resolution (expanding its scope if it achieves the objectives of the framework better 
than national insolvency proceedings), facilitating access to safety nets in the event of bank failure, and improving 
the clarity and consistency of funding rules, the ranking of claims in insolvency and ensures a general depositor 
preference with a single-tier depositor preference, with the aim of enabling the deposit guarantee schemes funds 
in measures other than pay-out of covered deposits 
Before taking a resolution measure or exercising the power to write-down or convert to equity relevant debt 
instruments, the Resolution Authority must ensure that a fair, prudent and realistic valuation of the assets and 
liabilities of the institution is carried out by a person independent from any public authority.

--- Page 100 ---
- 100 - 
See risk factor "Resolution procedures under the European Bank Recovery and Resolution framework may have 
an impact on the Issuer's liabilities" for further details on the potential impact on the Issuer and the Notes.  
Basel Capital Accord and regulatory capital requirements
The regulatory capital framework published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision in 2006, or the 
"Basel II framework" has not been fully implemented in all participating countries. The implementation of the 
framework in relevant jurisdictions may affect the risk-weighting of the Notes for investors who are or may become 
subject to capital adequacy requirements that follow the framework. 
The Basel Committee has subsequently approved significant changes and extensions to the Basel II framework 
(such changes and extensions being commonly referred to as "Basel III"), including new capital and liquidity 
requirements intended to reinforce capital standards and to establish minimum liquidity standards for credit 
institutions. In particular, the changes refer to, amongst other things, new requirements for the capital base 
(including an increase in the minimum Tier 1 capital requirement), measures to strengthen the capital requirements 
for counterparty credit exposures arising from certain transactions and the introduction of a leverage ratio as well 
as short-term and longer-term standards for funding liquidity (the latter being referred to as the "Liquidity 
Coverage Ratio" and the "Net Stable Funding Ratio", respectively). The European authorities have now 
incorporated the Basel III framework into EU law, primarily through Directive 2013/36/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential 
supervision of credit institutions and investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and repealing Directive 
2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC (Capital Requirements Directive – "CRD") and Regulation (EU) no. 575/2013 of 26 
June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms ("CRR") known as the "CRD 
IV-Package" which entered into force in the EU on 1 January 2014. On 23 November 2016, the Commission 
proposed a new Regulation amending the CRR (the "CRR Revision" and together with CRR, the "CRR II") and 
a new Directive amending the CRD (the "CRD Revision" and together with the CRD, the "CRD V") which, inter 
alia, simplified the Net Stable Funding Ratio. The CRR II and CRD V entered into force on 27 June 2019.  
The CRD Revision was implemented in France by an ordinance (Ordonnance n°2020-1635 portant diverses 
dispositions d'adaptation de la législation au droit de l'Union européenne en matière financière) dated 21 
December 2020. Certain portions of the CRR Revision apply immediately as from its entry into force (including 
those applicable to the new requirements for own funds and eligibile liabilities) while others shall apply several 
years after the date of its entry into force.  
In order to finalise Basel III reforms, the Basel Committee decided in December 2017 to introduce new revisions 
seeking to restore credibility in the calculation of risk-weighted assets ("RWAs") and improve the comparability 
of banks' capital ratios by: 
(i)
enhancing the robustness and risk sensitivity of the standardised approaches for credit risk, 
credit valuation adjustment ("CVA") risk and operational risk;
(ii)
constraining the use of the internal model approaches, by placing floors on certain inputs 
used to calculate capital requirements under the internal ratings-based approach ("IRBA") 
for credit risk and by removing the use of the internal model approaches for CVA risk and for 
operational risk; and
(iii)
introducing a progressive output floor on RWAs based on the Committee's revised Basel III 
standardised approaches.
In order to implement at the European level the December 2017 Basel Committee decisions, the European 
Commission published on 27 October 2021 a legislative proposal to amend the CRR and the CRD.  
Furthermore, this proposal aims at requiring credit institutions to systematically identify, disclose and manage 
risks in connection with environmental and sustainability growth ("ESG Risks") as part of their risk management, 
and introducing regular climate stress testing of credit institutions by national supervisors to enhance the focus on 
ESG Risks in the prudential framework. 
This proposal must be discussed in the trialogue with the European Parliament and the Council and will in any 
case not apply before 1 January 2025.

--- Page 101 ---
- 101 - 
The magnitude of the impact of Basel III will depend on the particular asset structure of each bank and its precise 
impact on the Issuer cannot be quantified with certainty at this time. 
The changes under CRR II, CRD V and Basel III may have an impact on the capital requirements in respect of the 
Notes and/or on incentives to hold the Notes for investors that are subject to requirements that follow the relevant 
framework and, as a result, may affect the liquidity and/or value of the Notes.

--- Page 102 ---
- 102 - 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER
Incorporation, duration and registered office 
The Issuer 
The Issuer was incorporated under French law on 20 September 2010 for a period of 99 years as a société anonyme. 
The Issuer is registered under the name of Crelan Home Loan SCF with the Commercial and Companies Registry 
(Registre du Commerce et des Sociétés) of Paris under number 525 010 880. The Issuer's office is at 26, rue 
Cambacérès, 75008, Paris, France, its telephone number: +33 (0)1 47 63 67 00.  
The Issuer is duly licensed in France as specialised credit institution (établissement de crédit spécialisé) with the 
status of société de crédit foncier delivered by the ACPR. The Issuer is also authorised to provide services in 
Belgium in accordance with the Directive 2013/36/EU on access to the activity of credit institutions and the 
prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 2013 and is duly registered by the 
Financial Services and Markets Authority (the "FSMA") as mortgage lender (prêteur en credit 
hypothecaire/kredietgever in hypothecair krediet) in Belgium. 
The Issuer is governed, inter alia, by the French Commercial Code (Code de Commerce) and by the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) and in particular, Articles L.513-2 et seq. of French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) applicable to sociétés de crédit foncier. 
The Issuer is a subsidiary of Crelan SA/NV (which merged with AXA Bank Belgium – see "Recent Events - 
Completion of the merger between Crelan SA/NV and AXA Bank Belgium") and belongs to the Crelan Group 
since 31 December 2021 (see "Crelan SA/NV and the Crelan Group" below). 
Crelan SA/NV and the Crelan Group 
The Issuer's prime purpose is the refinancing of residential mortgage loans (either directly by purchasing the 
receivables arising from such residential mortgage loans or indirectly via the acquisition of assets which are 
eligible assets in accordance with the French legal framework applicable to sociétés de crédit foncier - see 
"Overview of the legislation and regulations relating to sociétés de crédit foncier – Eligible assets" and "Issuer's 
exclusive purpose and business overview" below). 
CrelanCo, a cooperative limited liability company (coöperatieve vennootschap / société coopérative) incorporated 
under the laws of Belgium, is the head company of the Crelan group, a Belgian financial group which includes 
Crelan SA/NV, SA Europabank and Crelan Home Loan SCF (the "Crelan Group").  
Crelan 
SA/NV 
and 
CrelanCo 
constitute 
a 
federation 
of 
credit 
institutions 
(federatie 
van 
kredietinstellingen/fédération d’établissements de crédit) (the "Federation") as defined in the Belgian law of 25 
April 2014 on the status and supervision of credit institutions, the concept of which is based on the principle of 
solidarity. CrelanCo is a credit institution legally affiliated to Crelan SA/NV under the Federation. The obligations 
of Crelan SA and Crelan Co are joint and several obligations. 
Crelan SA/NV acts as the central institution under the Federation: business and financial decisions and risk 
managemenent are centralized at the Crelan SA level for the entire Federation. The management teams and 
employees of the Federation are all located and employed at the Crelan SA’s level. The Chief Executive Office of 
Crelan SA/NV is the Chief Executive Office of the Federation. Crelan SA as the central institution of the 
Federation is responsible for the supervision of the Federation, including compliance with regulatory solvency and 
liquidity requirements and the management of the risks of the Federation. 
Crelan SA/NV and CrelanCo, as a Federation, are considered as one reporting and supervised solo entity. 
Consolidated supervision also includes the Issuer. 
The Crelan Group offers a broad range of banking products and services to over 1.8 million individual and 
professional customers, distributed primarily through a network of independent agents. It also distributes insurance 
and investment solutions in partnership with several financial institutions. 
Banking products and services include lending (such as mortgage loans, customer loans, investment loans), savings 
(such as deposits accounts and securities accounts) and daily banking (such as cards and other payment solutions, 
whether traditional or digital). The Crelan Group’s customers can access a borad range of life and property and 
casualty insurance products, offered partnership with leading companies. 
The services offered by the Crelan Group are predominantly oriented towards the Belgian market.

--- Page 103 ---
- 103 - 
The Long- and short-term credit ratings of Crelan entities assigned by Standard & Poor’s Credit Market Service 
France ("S&P") and Moody’s France S.A.S. ("Moody's") are: 
-
S&P ratings: on 29 November 2024, S&P raised its long-term issuer credit ratings on Crelan SA/NV 
to “A-” from “BBB+”. S&P also affirmed the “A-” long-term issuer credit rating, “A-2” short-term 
issuer credit rating, and “A/A-1” resolution counterparty ratings on the bank. The outlook is positive.  
-
Moody's ratings: on 15 October 2024, Moody's upgraded Crelan SA/NV's long-term deposit ratings 
to “A1” from “A2” and its long-term issuer ratings to “A2” from “A3”. The outlook on the long-term 
deposit ratings was changed to negative from positive and the outlook on the long-term issuer ratings 
was changed to stable from positive. Moody's also upgraded Crelan SA/NV's Baseline Credit 
Assessment (BCA) and Adjusted BCA were updgraded to “baa1” from “baa2”, its short-term issuer 
ratings to “Prime-1” from “Prime-2”, its short-term program ratings to “(P)Prime-1” from “(P)Prime-
2”, its senior MTN program ratings to “(P)A2” from “(P)A3”, its junior unsecured to “Baa1” from 
“Baa2”, its subordinate debt rating to “Baa2” from “Baa3” and its subordinate MTN program ratings 
to “(P)Baa2” from “(P)Baa3”. Finally, Moody's affirmed Crelan SA/NV's short-term deposit ratings 
of “Prime-1”, its long-term and short-term Counterparty Risk Ratings (CRR) of “A1” and “Prime-1” 
respectively, and its long-term and short term Counterparty Risk Assessments (CRA) of “A1(cr)” 
and “Prime-1(cr)" respectively.  
Share capital 
The Issuer's share capital is €171,095,200 divided into 17,109,520 fully paid-up ordinary shares of €10. At the 
date of this Base Prospectus, Crelan SA/NV holds all the shares of the Issuer's share capital except for one share 
which is held by CrelanCo. 
There is no authorised and unissued share capital. There are no securities which grant rights to shares in the capital 
of the Issuer. All shares have equal voting rights. 
Since 31 December 2021, CrelanCo, a cooperative limited liability company (coöperatieve vennootschap / société 
coopérative) incorporated under the laws of Belgium, holds 100 per cent of the share capital of Crelan SA/NV. 
Issuer's exclusive purpose 
In accordance with Article L.513-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) 
which defines the exclusive purpose of the sociétés de crédit foncier and with Article 2 of its by-laws, the Issuer's 
exclusive purpose consists in carrying out the activities and operations below, whether in France or abroad:  
(i) 
credit operations and assimilated operations within the terms set forth by regulations applicable to sociétés 
de crédit foncier and within the limits of its license; 
(ii) 
financing operations within the terms set forth by regulations applicable to sociétés de crédit foncier by 
means of issuance of obligations foncières or any other borrowing; and 
(iii) 
any ancillary activities expressly authorized by the texts on sociétés de crédit foncier for the achievement 
of its exclusive corporate purpose. 
For a description of the legal framework applicable to sociétés de crédit foncier, see the section entitled "Overview 
of the legislation and regulations relating to sociétés de crédit foncier". 
The Issuer may sign all necessary agreements with a credit institution or a financing company (société de 
financement) to procure services for the management and recovery of its loans, exposures and other eligible 
financial assets, obligations foncières and other resources (see "Outsourcing Agreements" below). 
Issuer's activities and investments 
As of 31 December 2024, the assets of the Issuer are composed of:  
-
a portfolio of residential mortgage loans for an amount of € 11,993,429,326.22 under the Purchase 
Documents (see "Material Contracts – Purchase Documents" for details); and 
-
assets which are sufficiently secured and liquid in accordance with Articles L.513-7 and R.513-6 of 
the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) (see "Overview of the 
legislation and regulations relating to sociétés de crédit foncier – Liquidity needs" for details).

--- Page 104 ---
- 104 - 
The Issuer may also grant advances to Crelan SA/NV secured by the pledge of Loans receivables as Collateral 
Security Assets under the Collateral Security Agreements. 
Ratings of the Issuer and of the Notes 
The Issuer is not rated. However, the obligations foncières to be issued by the Issuer are expected to be rated Aaa 
by Moody’s France S.A.S.. Obligations rated "Aaa" by Moody’s are considered to be of the highest quality, subject 
to the lowest level of credit risk. Long-term ratings by Moody's are assigned to issuers or obligations with an 
original maturity of one year or more and reflect both on the likelihood of a default on contractually promised 
payments and the expected financial loss suffered in the event of default. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Moody’s France S.A.S. is established in the European Union and is 
registered under the CRA Regulation and is included in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation published on the European Securities and Markets Authority's website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation). 
Moody's is not established in the United Kingdom and is not registered in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation. However, the rating assigned to the Notes by Moody’s will be endorsed by Moody's Investors Service 
Ltd, being a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom and included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the FCA on its website (https://data.fca.org.uk/#/cra/cradetails) in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation. As such, the ratings issued by Moody's may be used for regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom 
in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. 
Subsidiaries 
According to Article L.513-2 IV of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), the 
Issuer, as a société de crédit foncier, is not allowed to hold shares in other companies. 
Management of the Issuer 
The Issuer is administrated by a board of directors (Conseil d'administration).  
The Issuer's board of directors (the "Board"), which at the date of this Base Prospectus comprises 5 members, has 
full powers to act in all circumstances on behalf of the Issuer within the limits set by its internal rules and the 
Statuts of the Issuer and subject to the powers expressly conferred by the French Commercial Code (Code de 
commerce) on shareholders in general meetings. 
The Chairman of the Board organises and directs the work of the Board, of which it will give an account to the 
shareholders' meeting, ensures that the governing bodies of the Issuer operate properly, and that the directors are 
able to perform their duties. 
The management of the Issuer consists of the Chief Executive Officer and the Deputy Chief Executive Officers to 
assist him. Both of them are vested with the broadest powers to act in all circumstances on behalf of the Issuer 
within the limits of the corporate purpose, and subject to the powers expressly attributed by law to shareholders' 
meeting and the special powers of the board of directors. They represent the Issuer in its relationships with third 
parties.

--- Page 105 ---
- 105 - 
–
Names, business address and functions of the members of the Board and principal activities performed by 
them outside the Issuer: 
Names 
Business Address 
Function 
Principal activities performed 
outside the Issuer 
Emmanuel Vercoustre 
26, rue 
Cambacérès 
75008 
Paris 
France 
Chairman of the 
Board  
Member of the Board of 
Directors and Executive 
Committee and Chief Financial 
Officer of SA Crelan and of 
CrelanCo 
Philippe Colpin 
26, rue 
Cambacérès 
75008 
Paris 
France 
Chief Executive 
Officer and 
Director 
N/A 
Philip Tortelboom 
26, rue 
Cambacérès 
75008 
Paris 
France 
Director 
Director Financial Markets – 
SA Crelan  
Bernard De Meulemeester 
26, rue 
Cambacérès  
75008  
Paris  
France 
Independant 
Director 
(administrateur 
indépendant)  
Member of the Board of 
Directors of SA Crelan, 
CrelanCo and several 
companies of the Xerius Group 
and Landsbond van de 
Onafhankelijke Ziekenfondsen 
or Union Nationale des 
Mutualités Libres 
Emmanuel Ramé 
26, rue 
Cambacérès 
75008 
Paris 
France 
Independent 
Director 
(administrateur 
indépendant) 
Member of the Board of 
Directors and Member of the 
Audit Committee of Saint 
Christophe Prévoyance, Non-
voting Member of the Board of 
Directors of Matmut SAM, 
Member of the Board of 
Directors of SGAM MatMut, 
and judge in the sixth chamber 
of the Paris Commercial Court 
(Tribunal de Commerce de 
Paris)

--- Page 106 ---
- 106 - 
The Issuer identified no potential conflicts of interests between the duties to it by the members of the Board and 
their private interests and or other duties. 
In application of Article L.511-97 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) and 
Article L.821-67 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce), the Board set up a Risk and Audit 
Committee which is in charge of inter alia (i) advising the Board on the Issuer's overall current and future risk 
appetite and strategy and assist in a risk oversight role, (ii) ensuring that the information provided is clear and 
assessing the relevance of the accounting methods used to prepare the individual accounts, and (iii) assessing the 
quality of internal control procedures, in particular whether the systems for measuring, monitoring and controlling 
risks are consistent, and recommending further actions where appropriate. 
The management of the Issuer can thus be summarised by the following chart:
ORGANISATIONAL CHART CRELAN HOME LOAN SCF 
Responsible 
managers 
Accounting 
Committee 
Risk and Audit 
Committee 
Appointments 
Committee 
Remuneration 
Committee 
COLPIN 
Philippe 
(Directeur 
Général) 
DE MEULEMEESTER  
Bernard 
(Head of the committee) 
TORTELBOOM 
Philip 
(Head of the 
committee) 
VERCOUSTRE 
Emmanuel 
(Head of the 
committee) 
VERCOUSTRE 
Emmanuel 
(Head of the 
committee) 
STEMBERGER 
David 
(Directeur 
Général 
Délégué) 
VERCOUSTRE 
Emmanuel 
VERCOUSTRE 
Emmanuel 
TORTELBOOM 
Philip 
TORTELBOOM 
Philip 
MOROSAN 
Cristina 
(Directeur 
Général 
Délégué)*
TORTELBOOM 
Philip 
RAME 
Emmanuel 
DE 
MEULEMEESTE
R 
Bernard  
COLPIN 
Philippe  
DE MEULEMEESTER 
Bernard
* Subject to prior approval from the ACPR 
Staff and Outsourcing Agreements 
The Issuer has no employees or other resources. It depends upon other entities for the management of its operations 
and its technical administration which have been subcontracted to its parent company, Crelan SA/NV and to RSM 
France. The Issuer has entered into the following outsourcing services contracts (as amended from time to time):  
-
a contrat d’externalisation et de fourniture de services with Crelan SA/NV and a contrat de 
prestation de services with RSM France setting out the conditions under which Crelan SA/NV and 
RSM France provide services for the fulfilment of the regulatory obligations of the Issuer in its 
capacity as specialised credit institution subject to the laws and regulations governing sociétés de 
crédit foncier (the "Administrative Services Agreements"); and 
-
a convention de gestion (in accordance with Article L.513-15 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code (Code monétaire et financier)) with Crelan SA/NV (the "Management and Recovery 
Agreement") setting out the conditions under which Crelan SA/NV provides services to ensure the 
management (gestion) and recovery (recouvrement) of Crelan Home Loan SCF's assets 
(see "Management and Recovery Agreement" for details). 
Administrative Services Agreements
The Administrative Services Agreements set out the conditions under which Crelan SA/NV and RSM France 
provides services for the fulfilment of the regulatory obligations of the Issuer in its capacity as specialised credit 
institution subject to the laws and regulations governing sociétés de crédit foncier, including in particular the

--- Page 107 ---
- 107 - 
accounting supervision (and in particular regulatory reporting), the legal and tax secretariat and the legal and tax 
assistance, the control of the risks, the permanent control, (including the compliance and the fight against money 
laundering) and, the periodic control in connection with the internal control. 
RSM France is a member firm of RSM International, a leading global assurance, tax and consulting network 
focused on medium sized corporate entities. It provides various services and solutions relating to audit and 
assurance, business operations and strategy, business tax and consulting services. 
Under the Administrative Services Agreement with Crelan SA/NV, the Issuer has also appointed Crelan SA/NV 
as "Administrator", i.e. its agent to provide the Issuer with certain services in connection with the exercise of 
certain of its rights and the performance of certain of its obligations under the Facility Documents and the Purchase 
Documents (such as the preparation and sending, or the receipt, of all necessary documents and notifications – see 
"Material Contracts – Facility Documents" and "Material Contracts – Purchase Documents" for details). 
See "Incorporation, duration and registered office – Crelan SA/NV and the Crelan Group” above. 
Management and Recovery Agreement 
Pursuant to Article L.513-15 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), Crelan 
Home Loan SCF has appointed Crelan SA/NV to ensure the management (gestion) and recovery (recouvrement) 
of Crelan Home Loan SCF's assets. 
Crelan SA/NV directly or indirectly ensures the management of Crelan Home Loan SCF's assets, consisting of: 

claiming any sum owed by the debtors of the Crelan Home Loan SCF's assets pursuant to any contractual 
provision governing Crelan Home Loan SCF's assets;  

generally, managing the relationship with the debtors and any event related to the management of the 
Crelan Home Loan SCF's assets; and 

recovering of the Crelan Home Loan SCF's assets and ensuring the reception of the payments in relation 
to Crelan Home Loan SCF's assets on the relevant bank account of Crelan Home Loan SCF on each 
relevant payment date, pursuant to the provisions of the agreements in relation to Crelan Home Loan 
SCF's assets. 
Crelan SA/NV has also agreed to perform specific servicing taks in the context of the Facility Documents (see 
"Material Contracts – Facility Documents – Collateral Servicing Agreement" for details) and the Purchase 
Documents (see "Material Contracts – Purchase Documents –Servicing Agreement" for details). The Management 
and Recovery Agreement provides that the mandate given to Crelan SA/NV under the Management and Recovery 
Agreement is whithout prejudice of Crelan SA/NV's obligations vis-à-vis Crelan Home Loan SCF under the 
Collateral Servicing Agreement and the Servicing Agreement. 
Compliance with the corporate governance regulations 
The Issuer complies with the corporate governance regulations applicable to French companies. 
Membership of professional organisation 
The Issuer is member of the Fédération bancaire française, 18 Rue La Fayette, 75009 Paris, France. 
The Issuer is also member of the Covered Bond Label which is a quality label addressing a market-wide request 
for improved standards and increased transparency in the covered bond market. 
The Covered Bond Label is based on the Covered Bond Label Convention which defines the core characteristics 
required for a covered bond programme to qualify for the Covered Bond Label. This definition of the required 
characteristics, compliant with Article 129(7) of the CRR, is supplemented by a transparency tool developed at 
national level based on the "Guidelines for National Transparency Templates". 
Independent Auditors 
The Issuer has appointed two (2) statutory auditors (Commissaires aux comptes) in compliance with applicable 
laws and regulations. 
As from 21st April 2022, the statutory auditors of the Issuer are Ernst & Young et Autres at Tour First, TSA 14444, 
92037 Paris-La Défense cedex and Denjean & Associés Audit at 19, rue de Presbourg, 75116 Paris. 
Both entities are registered with the Compagnie Nationale des Commissaires aux Comptes (official statutory 
auditors' representative body) and subject to the authority of the Haut Conseil du Commissariat aux Comptes
(French High Council of Statutory Auditors).

--- Page 108 ---
- 108 - 
Specific controller (Contrôleur spécifique) 
The Issuer has appointed, in accordance with Articles L.513-23 to L.513-24 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code (Code monétaire et financier) a specific controller (contrôleur spécifique titulaire), and a substitute specific 
controller (contrôleur spécifique suppléant), who are selected from the official list of auditors and are appointed 
by the Board with the approval of the ACPR. 
The specific controller ensures that the Issuer complies with the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier) (in particular, verifying the quality and the eligibility of the assets and the cover ratios). 
He also monitors the balance between the Issuer's assets and liabilities in terms of rates and maturity (cash flow 
adequacy) and notifies the Board and the ACPR if he considers such balance to be unsatisfactory. The specific 
controller attends all shareholders' meetings and, on his request, may be heard by the Board (Article L.513-23 of 
the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier)). 
The specific controller (contrôleur spécifique titulaire) of the Issuer is Cailliau Dedouit et Associés represented 
by Mr. Laurent Brun and Mr. Remi Savournin as substitute specific controller (contrôleur spécifique suppléant). 
The Board decided during its meeting dated 27 September 2021 to renew the appointment of the specific controller 
and the substitute specific controller until the exercise ending on 31 December 2025. 
Recent Events 
Completion of the merger between Crelan SA/NV and AXA Bank Belgium
Crelan SA/NV announced that the merger by absorption between Crelan SA/NV and AXA Bank Belgium was 
officially completed on Monday 10 June 2024. This merger, which represents the culmination of the process begun 
with Crelan SA/NV's acquisition of AXA Bank Belgium at the end of 2021, will create a more robust financial 
entity capable of better serving customers and cooperative members by pooling the respective expertise. Following 
this merger, the bank's activities will be carried out under the Crelan brand. Crelan SA/NV has taken over all the 
assets and liabilities of AXA Bank Belgium and AXA Bank Belgium has ceased to exist. 
Change of the corporate name of the Issuer 
The extraordinary shareholders assembly of the Issuer decided, during its meeting on 24 April 2024 to replace the 
corporate name of the Issuer "Axa Bank Europe SCF" by "Crelan Home Loan SCF". Such change of corporate 
name became effective on 9 July 2024.  
Issue of Series 44 notes 
On 1 October 2024, the Issuer issued €500,000,000 3.061 per cent. obligations foncières due 1st October 2034 
extendible as floating rate obligations foncières up to 1 October 2035.

--- Page 109 ---
- 109 - 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS
General background
As mentioned and/or further described in "Risk factors relating to the Issuer's activities", "General Description of 
the Programme" and "Description of the Issuer", the Issuer has entered into several contracts with Crelan SA/NV. 
Crelan SA/NV is a public limited liability company (naamloze vennootschap/société anonyme) incorporated under 
Belgian law on 30 September 1937 and is registered in the “Register of Legal Entities” of Brussels, Belgium, under 
number 0205.764.318 with its registered office situated at 251, Boulevard Sylvain Dupuis, 1070 Brussels, 
Belgium. Crelan SA/NV is a Belgian credit institution supervised by the European Central Bank and a mortgage 
lender (prêteur en credit hypothecaire/kredietgever in hypothecair krediet) duly licensed by the Financial Services 
and Markets Authority (the "FSMA"). 
Words and expressions not defined below but defined in the section entitled "Glossary of Defined Terms" will 
have the same meaning when used below. 
1. Facility Documents
The Facility Agreement, the Collateral Security Agreements, the Collateral Servicing Agreement, the Master 
Definitions and Construction Agreement and the Administrative Agreement are referred to as the "Facility 
Documents". 
Facility Agreement
On 27 November 2017, Crelan Home Loan SCF (formerly Axa Bank Europe SCF) (the "Lender") and Crelan 
SA/NV (formerly Axa Bank Belgium) (the "Borrower", the "Administrator" and the "Facility Calculation 
Agent") entered into a French law credit facility agreement (the "Facility Agreement") as amended from to time, 
setting out the general terms and conditions under which the Lender will make available advances (each an 
"Advance") to the Borrower in aggregate maximum amount of €9,000,000,000 (the "Facility Commitment") for 
the purpose of financing the general financial needs of the Borrower.  
Advances under the Facility Agreement
Pursuant to the Facility Agreement, the Borrower will send to the Administrator (with a copy to the Lender) a duly 
completed drawdown request (the "Drawdown Request") in respect of the Advance to be made available under 
the Facility Agreement. The Drawdown Request will include the principal amount requested, the contemplated 
utilisation date, the term and the interest basis (fixed or floating rate) requested of such Advance. Upon receipt of 
a Drawdown Request by the Administrator (with copy to the Lender), the Lender, together with the Administrator, 
will prepare the final terms of Advance (the "Final Terms of Advance"). 
The Borrower may (i) accept the terms and conditions of the Final Terms of Advance proposed by the 
Administrator and the Lender, in which case such Final Terms of Advance will be definitive between the Borrower 
and the Lender and an Advance will be made available according to such Final Terms of Advance, or (ii) refuse 
the terms and conditions of such Final Terms of Advance, in which case such Final Terms of Advance and the 
relevant Drawdown Request will be considered as null and void between the Borrower and the Lender. 
The general terms and conditions regarding the calculation and the payment of principal and interest of any 
Advance under the Facility Agreement mirror, to the extent applicable, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
(see "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"). However, each Advance will not necessarily be financed by an issue 
of Notes under the Programme and the financial conditions of each Advance therefore will not necessarily mirror 
the financial conditions of each issue of Notes. 
Representations, warranties and undertakings 
The Borrower has made customary representations and warranties and undertakings to the Lender, the 
representations and warranties being given on the execution date of the Facility Agreement and continuing until 
all sums due by the Borrower under the Facility Agreement will have been repaid in full.

--- Page 110 ---
- 110 - 
Main other terms
The Facility Agreement also provides for:
-
customary tax gross-up provisions relating to payments to be made by the Borrower to the Lender 
under the Facility Agreement; 
-
customary tax indemnity provisions relating to any payment to be made by the Lender on account of 
tax on or in relation to any sum received or receivable under the Facility Agreement by the Lender 
from the Borrower or any liability in respect of any such payment is asserted, imposed, levied or 
assessed against the Lender; 
-
customary "increased costs" provisions; 
-
general financial information covenants and other customary covenants of the Borrower. 
Events of Default
Each of the following events constitutes the occurrence of an event of default under the Facility Agreement (each, 
an "Event of Default"):
-
the Borrower fails to pay any sum due under the Facility Agreement when due, in the currency and 
in the manner specified herein; provided, however, that where such non-payment is due to an 
administrative error or the failure of continuing external payment systems or clearing systems 
reasonably used by the Borrower and such payment is made by the Borrower within five (5) Business 
Days of such non-payment, such non-payment will not constitute an Event of Default; 
-
a Stop Payment Event; 
-
any material representation or warranty made by the Borrower, in the Facility Agreement or in any 
notice or other document, certificate or statement delivered by it pursuant hereto or in connection 
herewith is or proves to have been incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made, and 
the same is not remedied (if capable of remedy) within sixty (60) Business Days after the 
Administrator or the Lender has given notice thereof to the Borrower or (if sooner) the Borrower has 
knowledge of the same, provided that the Lender, at its discretion, certifies that it is prejudicial to the 
interest of the holders of the relevant Notes; 
-
the Borrower fails to comply with any of its obligations under the Facility Agreement or any other 
Facility Document unless such breach is capable of remedy and is remedied within thirty (30) 
Business Days after the Administrator or the Lender has given notice thereof to the Borrower or (if 
sooner) the Borrower has knowledge of the same, provided that the Lender, at its discretion, certifies 
that it is prejudicial to the interest of the holders of the relevant Notes; 
-
a Breach of Asset Cover Test occurs; 
-
as regards the Borrower, an Insolvency Event occurs; 
-
any effect, event or matter (regardless of its nature, cause or origin and in particular the 
commencement of any legal, administrative or other proceedings against the Borrower) occurs which 
is or could be reasonably expected to be materially adverse to (i) the financial or legal situation, 
assets, business or operations of the Borrower and (ii) the ability of the Borrower to perform its 
payment obligations or the financial covenants under any of the Programme Documents; 
-
at any time it is or becomes unlawful for the Borrower to perform or comply with any or all of its 
material obligations under the Facility Agreement or any of the material obligations of the Borrower 
under the Facility Agreement are not or cease to be legal, valid and binding; or 
-
the license of the Lender as a société de crédit foncier has been withdrawn by the ACPR as a result 
of any failure by the Borrower to comply with any of its material obligations under the Facility 
Documents. 
For the purpose hereof: 
"Insolvency Event" means, with respect to Crelan SA/NV, the occurrence of any of the following events:

--- Page 111 ---
- 111 - 
(a)
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(b)
admits in writing its inability generally to pay its debts as they become due; 
(c)
makes a general assignment, arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors; 
(d)
institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with 
primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its 
incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, a proceeding seeking 
a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency 
law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up 
or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official; 
(e)
has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any 
other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' 
rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and, in the case of any such 
proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, such proceeding or petition is instituted 
or presented by a person or entity not described in paragraph (d) above and: 
(i)
results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or 
the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation; or 
(ii)
is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within 30 days of the 
institution or presentation thereof; 
(f)
has a resolution passed for its winding-up, official management or liquidation (other than 
pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(g)
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, 
conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially 
all its assets; 
(h)
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, 
attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or 
substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is 
not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within 30 days thereafter; 
(i)
becomes subject of any resolution measure provided for under Book II, Title VIII of the Belgian 
Act of 25 April 2014 on the status and the supervision of credit institutions; 
(j)
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any 
jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (a) to (i) above; 
or 
(k)
takes any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, 
any of the foregoing acts. 
"Stop Payment Event" means, in respect of the Cash Advance Agreement, the event where one or both of the 
following events occur and it has not been remedied on or before the twentieth (20th) calendar day immediately 
following the date on which such event occurred:  
(a)
Crelan SA/NV fails to make a cash advance in accordance with the Cash Advance Agreement; 
and/or  
(b)
any of the Pre-Maturity Reserve or the Collection Loss Reserve is not funded up to the relevant 
required amount for each such reserve as set out in the Cash Advance Agreement, 
provided that if an Insolvency Event occurs in respect of Crelan SA/NV, such grace period shall not apply.

--- Page 112 ---
- 112 - 
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Lender (by itself or represented by the Administrator or any 
representative, agent or expert on its behalf) will, by sending a written notice (an "Enforcement Notice") (such 
notice to constitute a mise en demeure) to the Borrower and the Administrator (with copy to Moody’s France 
S.A.S. ("Moody’s"), (x) declare that (i) no further Advances will be available under the Facility Agreement, and 
(ii) the then outstanding Advances are immediately due and payable and (y) enforce the rights of the Lender under 
the Collateral Security Agreements for the repayment of any sum due by the Borrower under the Facility 
Agreement and not paid by the Borrower (whether at its contractual due date or upon acceleration). See "Collateral 
Security Agreements" below. 
Broken funding indemnity – Borrower's indemnities
If, as a consequence of the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Lender receives or recovers all or any part of an 
Advance otherwise than as described or scheduled under the relevant Final Terms of Advance, the Borrower will 
pay to the Lender on demand an amount equal to the amount (if any) of the difference (if positive) between (x) the 
additional interest which would have been payable on the amount so received or recovered had such Event of 
Default not occurred, and (y) the amount of interest which the Lender reasonably determines would have been 
payable to the Lender on the last day of the term thereof in respect of a deposit equal to the amount so received or 
recovered placed by it with a prime bank for a period starting on the third (3rd) Business Day following the date 
of such receipt or recovery and ending on the last day of the term thereof.
The Borrower undertakes to indemnify the Lender against:
-
any cost, claim, loss, expense (including legal fees) or liability (other than reasonable consequential 
losses including loss of profit), which it may (acting reasonably) sustain or incur as a consequence 
of the occurrence of any Event of Default or any default by the Borrower in the performance of any 
of the obligations expressed to be assumed by it in the Facility Agreement; and 
-
other than by reason of negligence or default by the Lender, any loss it may suffer or incur as a result 
of its funding or making arrangements to fund an Advance requested by the Borrower hereunder but 
not made by reason of the operation of any one or more of the provisions of the Facility Agreement. 
Collateral Security Agreements
On 27 November 2017, Crelan Home Loan SCF (formerly Axa Bank Europe SCF) (the "Secured Party") and 
Crelan SA/NV (formerly Axa Bank Belgium) (the "Pledgor", the Administrator and the Facility Calculation 
Agent) entered into (i) a collateral security agreement governed by French law (as amended from time to time) 
(the "French Collateral Security Agreement") and (ii) a collateral security agreement governed by Belgian law 
(as amended from time to time) (the "Belgian Collateral Security Agreement" and together with the French 
Collateral Security Agreement, the "Collateral Security Agreements").
Collateral Security Agreements
In order to preserve and maintain the effectiveness of the rights of Crelan Home Loan SCF under the Facility 
Documents vis-à-vis Crelan SA/NV (i.e. a credit institution incorporated under Belgian law), the Collateral 
Security Agreements provide that:
-
the Collateral Security Assets pledged under the French Collateral Security Agreement will be 
pledged simultaneously under the Belgian Collateral Security Agreement in order to secure the 
Secured Liabilities (as defined below);  
-
in the event of an Event of Default:
o
in the event of any conflict between the provisions of the French Collateral Security Agreement 
and the Belgian Collateral Security Agreement in relation to any security interest granted in 
respect of any Collateral Security Assets (as defined below), the provisions of the French 
Collateral Security Agreement will prevail in relation to the Collateral Security Assets;
o
the Secured Party will only take actions under the Belgian Collateral Security Agreement to the 
extent that any enforcement action under the French Collateral Security Agreement has been 
ineffective for any reason and an Insolvency Event has occurred as regards the Pledgor; and
o
the Secured Party may only enforce the Collateral Security under the Belgian Collateral Security 
Agreement in case of an Insolvency Event with respect to the Pledgor.
The pledge granted by the Pledgor over Collateral Security Assets in favour of the Secured Party under the French

--- Page 113 ---
- 113 - 
Collateral Security Agreement will be granted, and, as the case may be, enforced, in accordance with the provisions 
of Articles L.211-38 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) 
implementing the Collateral Directive.
The pledge granted by the Pledgor over Collateral Security Assets in favour of the Secured Party under the Belgian 
Collateral Security Agreement will be granted, and, as the case may be, enforced, in accordance with the Belgian 
Financial Collateral Act implementing the Collateral Directive. 
Secured Liabilities
Pursuant to the Collateral Security Agreements, in order to secure the payment of all and any amounts (whether in 
principal, interest, fees, indemnities or guarantees) owed by the Pledgor under the Programme Documents, whether 
present or future (the “Secured Liabilities”), the Pledgor hereby undertakes to, from time to time, pledge Eligible 
Collateral Assets (as defined below) to the benefit of the Secured Party, in its capacity as Lender under the Facility 
Agreement (the “Collateral Security”). 
The eligible Collateral Assets pledged by the “pledgor in favour” of the “secured Party under” the Collateral 
Security Agreements will be each referred to as a “Collateral Security Asset”. 
The Secured Liabilities constitute financial obligations, i.e. obligations financières within the meaning of Article 
L.211-36 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) under the French Collateral 
Security Agreement and bankvorderingen within the meaning of Article 4, §1, 3° of the Belgian Financial 
Collateral Act under the Belgian Collateral Security Agreement. 
The Collateral Security secures all the Secured Liabilities taken as a whole so that there is no segregation between 
the Collateral Security Assets depending on, notably, the Collateral Effective Date on which they are pledged. 
Eligible Collateral Assets
Each Eligible Collateral Asset pledged as Collateral Security pursuant to the Collateral Security Agreements will, 
at the relevant Collateral Effective Date or at any other date specified in the Collateral Security Agreements, arise 
from an “Eligible Collateral Asset” which meets the requirements of the legal framework applicable to sociétés 
de crédit foncier (see “Overview of the legislation and regulations relating to sociétés de crédit foncier – Eligible 
receivables”) and complies with all the following cumulative eligibility criteria (the “Eligibility Criteria”): 
(a)
each Loan has been granted with respect to real property located solely in Belgium;
(b)
no Loan has an origination date prior to 1 January 1995; 
I
each Loan was granted by the Pledgor as a loan secured by a Mortgaged Property; 
(d)
no Loan qualifies as a Defaulted Loan or as a Delinquent Loan in arrears for more than one month; 
(e)
the proceeds of each Loan have been fully released and the Pledgor has no further obligation to release 
further funds relating to the Loan, subject to subparagraph (f) below;
(f)
each uncancelled amount of principal of the Construction Loan has been fully disbursed by the Pledgor 
to the Debtor; 
(g)
none of the Loans relate to a bridge loan (overbruggingskredieten/crédits soudure), a bullet loan with 
principal payments due only on maturity date (so-called bullet loans) or are temporary credit facilities 
(tijdelijke kredietopeningen/ouverture de crédit temporaire); 
(h)
none of the Loans relate to reconstitution loans or any types of loans where repayments are organised 
under so-called "TAK-21" or "TAK-23" schemes; 
(i)
each Loan is secured by a Mortgage and each Mortgage relates to real property;
(j)
in relation to each Mortgaged Property, each Mortgage (which at the Collateral Effective Date has been 
registered at the Mortgage Registration Office) is a first-ranking mortgage, ranking in priority to any other 
mortgage or security interest given in favour of it or any third party, except: 
(i)
for lower ranking Mortgages on a property if the Pledgor also holds the first ranking Mortgage(s) and 
such Mortgage(s) is/are also pledged to the Secured Party pursuant to the Collateral Security Agreements, 
including each of the following: 
(i)
either any Mortgage in respect of Loans transferred and which are ancillary to such Loan as they 
are secured by the same All Sums Mortgage;

--- Page 114 ---
- 114 - 
(ii)
or any Mortgage granted by a Debtor in respect of another Loan to amongst others another 
Debtor which are pledged at the same time; and 
(iii)
in relation to properties mortgaged as an Additional Security;
(k)
in respect of each Mortgage, there is no other liability of the relevant Debtor which is secured by such 
Mortgage that exists or is outstanding (excluding interest accrued on the Loan but not due on the Collateral 
Effective Date and any Default Interest for Loans up to maximum one month in arrears) other than: 
(i)
the Loan (including principal and interest) or, should there be more than one residential mortgage 
loan extended to such Debtor on the relevant Collateral Effective Date, such Loans to be pledged 
to the Secured Party (it being understood that the Pledgor may retain loans other than residential 
mortgage loans (such as consumer loans) secured by the same Mortgage); 
(ii)
any Further Loan which may be made if such Mortgage is an All Sums Mortgage; and 
(iii)
costs, fees, and expenses in respect of the Loan(s), any Further Loan or the relevant Mortgage;
(l)
as at the date of origination of each Loan, the Pledgor acting as original lender in its own name has 
instructed each Debtor to insure: 
(i)
the relevant Mortgaged Property under a home owners’ Hazard Insurance Policy against all risks 
usually covered by a comprehensive Hazard Insurance Policy and the amount to be insured is 
not less than the full replacement value; 
(ii)
the Loan under a Life Insurance Policy, such Life Insurance Policy being collateral security to it 
for each such Loan;
(m)
both interest and principal on each Loan is payable by way of monthly instalments; 
(n)
each Loan is denominated exclusively in euro; 
(o)
the aggregate of the Outstanding Balance of all Loans which are covered by the same Mortgage is lower 
than any amount as allowed by the law applicable to a société de crédit foncier within the meaning of 
Articles L. 513-2 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier);
(p)
each Loan has: 
(i)
a CLTCV (whereby the outstanding balance in the calculation of the current loan amount and the 
current value was obtained by indexation) equal to or less than 100 %; 
Where, "CLTCV" means the ratio of current loan to current value, which is calculated as:
(a)
the current balance of the Loans of a Debtor, for the purpose of this calculation 
increased by the current balance of other loans as existed before the relevant 
Collateral Effective Date or Purchase Date (as applicable), as relevant, divided by:  
(b)
the Current Property Values indexed to the relevant Collateral Effective Date or 
Purchase Date (as applicable), as relevant, less any mortgage inscription amounts 
held by a third party that rank higher in priority to the mortgage inscriptions granted 
to Crelan SA/NV. 
(ii)
a CLTM equal to or less than 200%;
Where, "CLTM" means current loan to mortgage inscription, which is calculated as:  
(a)
the current balance of the Loans of a Debtor, for the purpose of this calculation 
increased by the current balance of other loans as existed before the relevant 
Collateral Effective Date or Purchase Date (as applicable), divided by:  
(b)
the sum of the first and any subsequent ranking mortgage inscriptions granted 
to Crelan SA/NV (for avoidance of doubt, mortgage mandates are excluded); 
(q)
none of the Loans has been granted to a Debtor that is an employee of the Pledgor;
(r)
none of the Loans relate to loans granted with the benefit of a guarantee extended by the Walloon Region 
under the applicable housing promotion programme for building or acquiring houses by young persons

--- Page 115 ---
- 115 - 
(the Prêts Jeunes, in application of the Decree of the Walloon Government on 20 July 2000 determining 
the conditions to intervene for the benefit of young people obtaining a mortgage credit) or otherwise 
benefits from any incentive schemes set up by the Walloon Government;
(s)
none of the Loans relate to "harmonica" loans which are loans with a maturity extension possibility 
without the possibility to increase the monthly instalment (possibility to increase the maturity date, but 
not the monthly instalment up to a certain predefined maximum maturity date whereby any residual 
amounts outstanding at such date will be waived (in favour of the relevant Debtor));
(t)
each Loan has an initial maturity equal to or less than thirty (30) years; 
(u)
for each Loan at least 1 instalments have been paid by the Debtor; 
(v)
only Loans that are granted for properties that are used only for residential purpose (mixed property are 
excluded);
(w)
the DTI of any Loan cannot be higher than 60 %; 
(x)
no Loan will have been granted to a Debtor with an unknown profession; 
(y)
only loans in annuities; and
(z)
none of the Loans are forborne exposures within the meaning of the Technical Standards on Supervisory 
reporting on forbearance and non-performing exposures under Article 99(4) of Regulation (EU) No 
575/2013.
If it is confirmed that a relevant Collateral Security Asset ceases to comply with any of the Eligibility Criteria 
(each, an "Ineligible Collateral Asset"), any Collateral Security pledged as Collateral Security under such 
Ineligible Collateral Asset will account for zero for the purpose of calculation of the Asset Cover Test on the 
relevant Asset Cover Test Date (see "Collateral Security Agreements - Asset Cover Test – Calculation of Asset 
Cover Ratio" below). In addition, the Pledgor may request that such Ineligible Collateral Assets be released from 
the scope of the Collateral Security.
The Eligibility Criteria may be amended from time to time subject to prior notification to Moody’s.
For the purpose hereof:
"Additional Security" means, with regard to any Loan, all claims, whether contractual or in tort, against any 
Insurance Company, notary public, mortgage registrar, public administration, property expert, broker or any other 
person in connection with such Loans or the related Mortgaged Property or Loan Security or in connection with 
Crelan SA/NV’s decision to grant such Loans and in general, any other security or guarantee other than the Loan 
Security created or existing in favour of Crelan SA/NV as security for a Loan. 
"Collateral Effective Date" means, with respect to each Eligible Collateral Asset to be pledged as Collateral 
Security under the Collateral Security Agreements, the calendar day upon which such Eligible Collateral Asset 
shall have been notified by the relevant party as being effectively pledged as Collateral Security subject to, and in 
accordance with, the relevant terms of the Collateral Security Agreements. 
"Construction Loan" means any loan originated by Crelan SA/NV the proceeds of which are intended to construct 
or renovate residential property located in Belgium and the proceeds of which have been fully released to the 
Debtor on the relevant Collateral Effective Date or Purchase Date (as applicable). 
"Current Property Value" means the property value after indexation based on figures as provided by property 
expert Stadim CVBA, with its registered office at Uitbreidingstraat 10-16, 2600 Antwerp. 
"Debtor" means a borrower under any Loan. 
"Default Interest" means default interest under any Loan. 
"Defaulted Loan" means a Loan which is either (i) in arrears for more than 180 days or (ii) which has been 
accelerated and in relation to which foreclosure procedures have commenced.

--- Page 116 ---
- 116 - 
"Delinquent Loan" means a Loan in arrears and for as long as it has not become a Defaulted Loan. 
"DTI" means the ratio expressing the relation of the monthly debt (mortgage and non-financial debt, consumer 
loans, etc…) burden to the monthly income, in both cases after taxes. 
"Further Loan" means any loan (i.e. a mortgage loan or a consumer loan, as the case may be) originated by 
Crelan SA/NV after any Collateral Effective Date or Purchase Date (as applicable) that is covered by the same All 
Sums Mortgage as a Loan. 
"Hazard Insurance" or "Hazard Insurance Policy" means an insurance policy covering fire and/or kindred perils 
in respect of the Mortgaged Property. 
"Insurance" or "Insurance Polic(y)(ies)" means any and all Hazard Insurance Polic(y)(ies) or Life Insurance 
Polic(y)(ies)(s) in so far as it relates to any Loans. 
"Insurance Company" means any insurance company granting a Hazard Insurance (in respect of a Mortgaged 
Property) or a Life Insurance (in respect of a Loan). 
"Life Insurance" or "Life Insurance Policy" means an insurance policy which provides for the payment of a 
fixed amount for repayment of the Outstanding Balance of the relevant Loan upon the death of a Debtor. 
"Loan(s)" means any loan receivables secured by a mortgage on a property situated in Belgium. 
"Loan Security" means in respect of any Loan, any Mortgage(s) or mortgage mandate(s) and all rights, title, 
interest and benefit relating to any payments under Insurance Policies, any guarantee provided for such Loan, any 
assignment of salaries (loonsoverdracht/cession délégation de salaire) that the Debtor may earn and any other 
type of Security granted in respect of the Loan. 
"Mortgage" means mortgage (hypotheek/hypothèque) as such term is construed under Belgian law. 
"Mortgaged Property" means a real property located in Belgium over which there is a Mortgage securing a Loan. 
"Mortgage Registration Office" means the office (hypotheekkantoor/bureau des hypothèques) where mortgages 
are or, are to be, registered in accordance with the Belgian Mortgage Act. 
"Outstanding Balance" means the balance of a Loan outstanding at a particular time (and in respect of a Defaulted 
Loan, as of the time such Loan has become defaulted). 
Pledge
The Collateral Security will be constituted by a pledge of Eligible Collateral Assets for an amount at least equal to 
the amount required for the calculation of the Asset Cover Test (see "Collateral Security Agreements - Asset Cover 
Test – Calculation of Asset Cover Ratio" below), such pledge being established and enforceable against third 
parties without any formality. The pledge:
(i)
will be constituted by the identification of the Collateral Security Assets in the relevant Pledge Certificate 
delivered to the Secured Party; and
(ii)
will result from the control (contrôle) by the Secured Party (or any person acting on its behalf) over the 
Collateral Security Assets resulting from:
(1) the provisions under the Collateral Security Agreements and in particular (i) the possibility to obtain 
partial releases only if specifically authorised to do so by the Secured Party in accordance with the 
Collateral Security Agreements and (iii) the notification and enforcement rights of the Secured Party 
under the Collateral Security Agreements (see "Collateral Security Agreements - Notification Events" 
and "Collateral Security Agreements - Enforcement" below); and
(2) the Collateral Servicing Agreement (see "Collateral Servicing Agreement" below).

--- Page 117 ---
- 117 - 
Any Collateral Security Asset pledged subject to, and in accordance with, the Collateral Security Agreements will 
automatically form part of the Collateral Security until its final release and discharge, but without prejudice to 
partial releases and/or substitutions with respect to the relevant Collateral Security Assets in accordance with, and 
subject to, the provisions of the Collateral Security Agreements.
The Pledgor will remain the owner of the Collateral Security Assets and the Collateral Security will not entail any 
transfer of title with respect to the relevant assets until enforcement.
For the purpose hereof:
"Pledge Certificate" means the pledge certificate delivered by the Pledgor to the Secured Party on the relevant 
Collateral Effective Date containing a description and identification of the Eligible Collateral Assets that are 
pledged on such date and certifying, in particular, that such Eligible Collateral Assets to be pledged qualify as 
Eligible Collateral Assets. 
Asset Cover Test – Calculation of Asset Cover Ratio
In addition to the statutory cover ratio which the Issuer is required to comply with as a société de crédit foncier
(see "Overview of the legislation and regulations relating to sociétés de crédit foncier – Cover ratio"), the Facility 
Calculation Agent will carry out a test (the "Asset Cover Test") on each Asset Cover Test Date to ensure that the 
amount of Collateral Security required pursuant to the Collateral Security Agreements is in place. For the purpose 
of the Asset Cover Test, the Facility Calculation Agent shall apply the following ratio (the "Asset Cover Ratio"):
ACSAy / (∑ (1+OC%i) * Advancei)
whereby:
"ACSA" means the Aggregate Collateral Security Amount;
"OC%" means the Contractual Overcollateralisation Percentage; and
"i" means each of the Advances outstanding on any Asset Cover Test Date.
For the purpose hereof:
"Asset Cover Test Date" means, in respect of the Collateral Security Agreements, the 7th Business Day of each 
calendar month and each issuance date of a Series or a Tranche of Notes; by way of exception to the foregoing, 
the first Asset Cover Ratio Test Date shall be the 7th Business Day of the calendar month occurring after an initial 
Advance is made pursuant to, and subject, the terms and conditions of the Facility Agreement; 
"Aggregate Collateral Security Amount" means, on any Asset Cover Test Date the sum of the Collateral Security 
Asset Net Values. 
"Collateral Security Asset Net Values" means the net asset value of the Collateral Security Assets as determined 
in accordance with the French legal framework applicable to sociétés de crédit foncier, and in particular Article 
R.513-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier). 
"Contractual Overcollateralisation Percentage" means the percentage of contractual overcollateralisation to be 
agreed between the Pledgor and the Secured Party in accordance with the Collateral Security Agreements, being 
specified that the Pledgor and the Secured Party may agree to increase such percentage pursuant to the Collateral 
Security Agreements. 
Asset Cover Test – Non-Compliance with Asset Cover Test
Non-compliance with Asset Cover Test (the "Non-Compliance with Asset Cover Test") would result from the 
Asset Cover Test Ratio being less than one (1). 
Asset Cover Test – Remedies in case of Non-Compliance with Asset Cover Test
Upon Non-Compliance with Asset Cover Test on any Asset Cover Test Date, the Pledgor will:
(i)
pledge additional Eligible Collateral Assets as Collateral Security; and/or

--- Page 118 ---
- 118 - 
(ii)
request a substitution of Eligible Collateral Assets from the Collateral Security;
in each case, as necessary to cure such Non-Compliance with Asset Cover Test.
Asset Cover Test – Breach of Asset Cover Test
The failure by the Borrower to cure a Non-Compliance with Asset Cover Test which has occurred on any Asset 
Cover Test Date prior to the next following Asset Cover Test Date will constitute a breach of Asset Cover Test (a 
"Breach of Asset Cover Test") within the meaning of the Collateral Security Agreements. The Facility 
Calculation Agent will inform promptly the Secured Party and the Pledgor (with a copy to Moody’s if so requested 
by Moody’s) of its calculation of the Asset Cover Ratio and, if applicable, the occurrence of a Breach of Asset 
Cover Test. 
A Breach of Asset Cover Test constitutes the occurrence of an Event of Default under the Facility Agreement (see 
"Facility Agreement - Events of Default" above). 
Representations, warranties and undertakings
The Pledgor has made customary representations, warranties and undertakings in favour of the Secured Party, such 
representations and warranties being given on the execution date of the Collateral Security Agreement and 
continuing until satisfaction in full of the Secured Liabilities.
Notification Events
The Secured Party acknowledges and agrees that it will not give notice to any Debtor of the pledge to the Secured 
Party of the Collateral Security Assets until and unless:
(a)
the occurrence of a Notification Event; or
(b)
an attachment or similar claim in respect of any Collateral Security Asset is received, in which case 
notice will be given only to the relevant Debtor of the Collateral Security Asset concerned.
The following events or circumstance shall constitute a "Notification Event" under the Facility Documents:
(a)
the occurrence of Servicing Termination Event (see "Facility Documents - Replacement and 
termination of appointment of the Servicer - Termination in case of a Servicing Termination Event" 
below); or
(b)
the Secured Party is required to serve a notice of pledge by an order of any court or supervisory 
authority; or
(c)
whether as a reason of a change in law (or case law) or for any other reason (such as when it becomes 
necessary as a result of a change of law), to protect the interests of the Secured Party to record the 
pledge by way of marginal notation (kantmelding/mention marginale) and to the extent notified 
thereof by the Servicer or the Secured Party reasonably considers it necessary to protect its interests 
over the Collateral Security Assets, Loans, the Loan Security or the Additional Security to do so, and 
serves notice on the Secured Party to such effect (setting out its reasons therefore); or
(d)
the Pledgor fails in any material respect to duly perform, or comply with, any of its obligations under 
the Collateral Security Agreements or under any of the other Facility Documents to which it is a party 
and such failure, if capable of being remedied, is not remedied within ten (10) Business Days after 
notice thereof; or
(e)
any representation, warranty or statement made or deemed to be made by the Pledgor under any of 
the Facility Documents to which it is a party or in any notice or other document, certificate or 
statement delivered by it pursuant thereto proves to have been, and continues to be after the expiration 
of any applicable grace period, untrue or incorrect in any material respect, save for any breach of 
representations and warranties relating to a Collateral Security Asset which is, following such breach, 
substituted; or
(f)
the Pledgor :

--- Page 119 ---
- 119 - 
a.
has taken any corporate action or any steps have been taken or legal proceedings have been 
instituted or threatened against it for its dissolution (ontbinding/dissolution) and liquidation 
(vereffening/liquidation); or
b.
has become subject to emergency regulations (noodregeling/mesure d’urgence) or, if applicable, 
applies for or is granted a suspension of payments (opschorting van betaling/surséance des 
paiments); or
c.
applies for its bankruptcy or is declared bankrupt (failliet verklaard/declaré en faillite) or any 
steps have been taken for the appointment of a receiver or a similar officer of it or of any or all 
of its assets; or
(g)
it becomes unlawful for the Pledgor to perform all or a material part of its obligations under the 
Facility Documents in such a manner that this would have a material adverse effect on its ability to 
perform such obligations; or
(h)
an Enforcement Notice is served by the Secured Party as a result of an Event of Default.
Following a Notification Event, the Pledgor will give notice of the pledge to the Secured Party of any Collateral 
Security Asset, to each of the following and to the extent applicable:
(a)
the Servicer;
(b)
the Debtors;
(c)
any notary public, mortgage registrar, public administration, property expert, broker or other person 
referred to in the definition of Additional Security; 
(d)
any provider of Loan Security;
(e)
the Insurance Company providing the Life Insurance Policy; 
(f)
the CKP (Centrale voor Kredieten aan Particulieren/Centrale des crédits aux particuliers); 
(g)
the Insurance Company providing the Hazard Insurance Policy; and
(h)
Moody’s.
Enforcement
Upon the service by the Secured Party (by itself or represented by the Administrator or any representative, agent 
or expert on its behalf) to the Pledgor of an Enforcement Notice subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant 
terms of the Facility Agreement following the occurrence of an Event of Default:
(a)
all rights of title, discretions, benefits and other rights with respect to any and all Collateral Security Assets 
will be immediately transferred to the Secured Party, without the need for any mise en 
demeure/ingebrekestelling and/or without formality whatsoever; and
(b)
the Secured Party (by itself or represented by the Administrator or any representative, agent or expert on its 
behalf) will be entitled to, in particular, without limitation:
(i)
appoint a substitute servicer to carry out the servicing of the Collateral Security Assets in its 
name and on its behalf subject to, and in accordance with, the terms of the Collateral Servicing 
Agreement;
(ii)
notify or instruct the substitute servicer to notify any Debtor of the pledge and the transfer of any 
Collateral Security Asset made to its benefit in accordance with the provisions of Collateral 
Security Agreements (see "Collateral Security Agreements – Notification Events" above);

--- Page 120 ---
- 120 - 
(iii)
exercise all its rights, discretions, privileges and remedies under the Collateral Security Assets, 
or any related Contract Records and related documents, including, without formality whatsoever, 
all rights of title, all discretions, benefits and all other rights in relation to any right, privilege, 
guarantee or security interest (droit accessoire, privilège, garantie ou sûreté) ancillary or as the 
case may be attached to such Collateral Security Assets whatever the value of the Collateral 
Security Assets at the time of the service of the Enforcement Notice and will be entitled to 
dispose of, transfer, sale or cause to be sold, any or all of the Collateral Security Assets, but 
subject to the repayment claim (créance de restitution) of the Pledgor against the Secured Party.
The Pledgor will no longer be entitled to service or cause to be serviced the Collateral Security Assets and will 
refrain from taking any action whatsoever in connection with the Collateral Security Assets or vis-à-vis the 
Debtors, except upon the prior written instructions of the Secured Party or any representative, agent or expert 
acting on the Secured Party’s behalf.
Upon the instructions of the Secured Party, the Pledgor will:
(i)
grant the Secured Party reasonable access to its facilities, premises, computer and/or software systems; and
(ii)
take all steps and do all things and cooperate in good faith to enable the substitute servicer to take over its 
duties in such capacity.
No right of the Secured Party to enforce the Collateral Security will be in any manner affected or limited by any 
Insolvency Event with respect to the Pledgor or any of its assets, pursuant to Article L.211-40 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) and Article 9/1 of the Belgian Financial Collateral 
Act.
For the purpose hereof:
"Asset Contractual Documentation" means, in relation to any and all Loans and Loan Security, all originals or 
executive or true copies (copies exécutoires) of any contract, instrument or other document (such as riders, waivers 
and amendments) providing for the terms and conditions of, and/or evidencing title and benefit to, such Loans and 
any right, privilege, guarantee or security interest (droit accessoire, privilège, garantie ou sûreté) ancillary or as 
the case may be attached thereto. 
"Collection Account" means any and all bank accounts opened in the name of Crelan SA/NV to collect interest 
and principal paid under the Loans. 
"Contract Records" means: 
(a)
the computer and manual records, files, internal data, books and all other information (including 
information stored in information systems) related to the Loans or the Loan Security, together 
with the Asset Contractual Documentation and other documents evidencing title of the relevant 
entity to such assets; and 
(b)
the records, files, internal data, computer systems and all other information related to the 
Collection Accounts and the operation of the same. 
Collateral Servicing Agreement
On 27 November 2017, Crelan Home Loan SCF (formerly Axa Bank Europe SCF) (as the Secured Party) and 
Crelan SA/NV (formerly Axa Bank Belgium) (the "Servicer", as the Administrator and the Facility Calculation 
Agent) entered into a French law collateral servicing agreement (the "Collateral Servicing Agreement") as 
amended from time to time, setting out the general terms and conditions under which (i) the Secured Party appoints 
the Servicer in relation to the servicing, management and recovery of the Collateral Security Assets and (ii) the 
Servicer exercises the control (contrôle) over such Collateral Security Assets on the behalf of the Secured Party. 
Appointment of Servicer

--- Page 121 ---
- 121 - 
Until any replacement or termination pursuant to the Collateral Servicing Agreement (see "Collateral Servicing 
Agreement - Replacement and termination of appointment"), the Secured Party has appointed the Servicer as its 
agent to provide the Services (see "Collateral Servicing Agreement - Services performed under the Collateral 
Servicing Agreement"), including, but not limited to, the servicing, management and recovery of the Collateral 
Security Assets which will include the administration of the Loans, the relating Loan Security and Additional 
Security.
The Servicer will perform the servicing, management and recovery of the Collateral Security Assets in accordance 
with applicable laws and the provisions of the Collateral Servicing Agreement, devoting the same amount of time 
and attention to, and exercising at least the same level of skill, care and diligence in, the performance of the 
Services as for the servicing, management and recovery of its assets not being the subject of the Collateral Security 
Assets.
Services performed under the Collateral Servicing Agreement
The Servicer will perform the following services (the "Services") under the Collateral Servicing Agreement (most 
importantly):
(a)
keep and maintain records for the purposes of identifying amounts of interest, principal (as principal 
repayments, prepayments, paid-in arrears, principal recoveries, repurchase receipts), Prepayment Penalties 
and Default Interest paid by the Debtors and any amount of interest or principal or any other sums due from 
the Debtors in respect of the Collateral Security Assets;
(b)
identify and individualise each and every Collateral Security Asset, so that each Collateral Security Asset 
may be sufficiently identified (identifié) at any time as from their relevant Collateral Effective Date;
(c)
consent to a requested variation, amendment or waiver of the terms or conditions of, or in relation to, a Loan 
or any rights in relation thereto (a "Variation") provided that certain conditions are met such as the following: 
(i) the Variation will not provide for a full or partial release of the Mortgage, (ii) the Variation will not provide 
for a reduction of the Outstanding Balance of the Loan otherwise than as a result of an effective payment of 
principal, (iii) the Variation will not provide for any non-contractual maturity extensions on Loans, (iv) the 
Variation will not provide for any change in the fixed interest rate in respect of a Loan, (v) the Variation will 
not imply that the Loan would no longer comply with the Eligibility Criteria (a "Permitted Variation");
(d)
procure that (i) all collections of interest, principal, Prepayment Penalties, Default Interest and any other 
amounts relating to the Collateral Security Assets are credited directly into the Collection Account (or, 
following any replacement or termination of the Servicer, the replacing collection account in the name of the 
Substitute Servicer) and (ii) all payments of interest, principal, Prepayment Penalties and Default Interest and 
any other amounts made by Debtors in respect of the Collateral Security Assets will be paid into the 
Collection Account in the name of the Servicer (or, following any replacement or termination of the Servicer, 
the replacing collection account in the name of the Substitute Servicer); and
(e)
take all steps and execute all documents necessary or desirable to maintain the Collateral Security Asset for 
the whole term of such Collateral Security Asset, including a renewal of the registration of the relevant 
Mortgage (inschrijving/inscription), any costs associated with such maintenance or renewal being paid by 
the Debtor or the Servicer as the case may be.
For the purpose hereof:
"Prepayment" means any voluntary payment of principal on any Loan prior to its scheduled due date in 
accordance with the provisions for prepayments provided for in the relevant Loan Documents. 
"Prepayment Penalty" means, in respect of the Collateral Security Agreements, any penalty due in the event of 
a Prepayment. 
The Services will constitute servicing instructions of the Secured Party to the Servicer and the Servicer undertakes 
that no change will be made to the Services without the Secured Party's prior consent in a way that would not 
prejudice the rights of the Secured Party under the Collateral Security or the Collateral Security Assets.

--- Page 122 ---
- 122 - 
Asset Report
The Servicer will provide the Secured Party with:
(a)
no later than 5.00 pm on each Asset Cover Ratio Test Date, an up-to-date report (the "Asset Report") as 
at the first Business Day of the calendar month immediately preceding such Asset Cover Ratio Test Date; 
(b)
no later than 5.00 pm on each Collateral Effective Date, an Asset Report up-to-date as of the 5th Business 
Day before such Collateral Effective Date, but only including the relevant data and information with 
respect to the Collateral Security Assets to be pledged as Collateral Security on such Collateral Effective 
Date in accordance with the Collateral Security Agreements;
(c)
promptly upon the request of the Secured Party while an Event of Default has occurred, an Asset Report 
up-to-date as at the date which will have been specified in such request; and
(d)
at any time and to control compliance under the Collateral Servicing Agreement or for any audit purposes, 
such additional information as any Finance Party may reasonably require with prior reasonable notice 
(except upon the occurrence of an Event of Default where such notice is not required) in connection with 
any Asset Report, the Collateral Security Assets.
Maintenance of Contract Records
The Servicer will keep all Contract Records in a secure place and will maintain an adequate form of such records 
as is necessary to service and enforce each Collateral Security Assets therefore. The Servicer will keep (or procure 
that the holder thereof will keep) the Contract Records in such a way (either manually or electronically) that they 
can be clearly distinguished from the documents, files and records relating to other non-pledged loans and any 
other loans in respect of which the Servicer is the servicer. 
Inspection and audit of Contract Records 
Subject to giving prior reasonable notice (except upon the occurrence of a Notification Event where such notice is 
not required) the Secured Party or any of its representative, agent or expert acting on its behalf may inspect or 
audit all or any part of the Contract Records, take copies thereof (subject to all applicable laws including (but 
without limitation) the Pledgor’s duties of confidentiality and the applicable legislation on privacy and data 
protection) and be provided with such information as it may reasonably require in connection with the Collateral 
Security Assets for the purpose of satisfying itself as to whether such assets are Eligible Collateral Assets and as 
to the level of compliance with the tests and limits contained herein.
Access to premises
The Servicer will permit the Secured Party or any of its representative, agent or expert acting on its behalf, upon 
prior reasonable notice, full access to any premises where the Contract Records may be kept as may be reasonable 
for a lender to require with a view to verifying compliance with the terms of the Collateral Servicing Agreement 
and safeguarding the Secured Party's exposure under the same or for any audit purposes. Any such access to 
premises will only take place during the normal business hours of the Servicer. No such restriction will apply upon 
the occurrence of a Notification Event.
Replacement and termination of appointment
Replacement and termination of appointment – Termination by the Secured Party
The Secured Party may terminate the appointment of the Servicer under the Collateral Servicing Agreement for 
any reason and at any time upon the giving of not less than thirty (30) Business Days' notice of such termination, 
it being understood that the Servicer will continue to properly perform the Services for as long as no Substitute 
Servicer has effectively been appointed by the Secured Party (unless the Secured Party has elected to perform the 
Services itself).
Replacement and termination of appointment – Replacement in case of a Servicer Rating Trigger Event

--- Page 123 ---
- 123 - 
If a Servicer Rating Trigger Event occurs which would have a negative impact on the then rating of outstanding 
Series of Notes at the time of such Servicer Rating Trigger Event, within thirty (30) Business Days of such 
occurrence, the Administrator will notify the Secured Party in writing of the occurrence of such event and then, 
within thirty (30) Business Days of such occurrence, the Secured Party and the Servicer will use reasonable 
endeavours to appoint a new servicer (whose long-term senior unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt 
obligations (if rated) are rated at least Baa3 by Moody’s), in replacement of the Servicer to provide the Services 
in respect of the Collateral Security Assets, it being understood that the Servicer will continue to properly perform 
the Services for as long as no substitute servicer has effectively been appointed by the Secured Party (unless the 
Secured Party has elected to perform the Services itself).
For the purpose hereof:
"Servicer Rating Trigger Event" means the long-term senior unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt 
obligations of the Servicer is rated below Baa3 by Moody’s or is not rated.
Replacement and termination of appointment of the Servicer - Termination in case of a Servicing Termination 
Event 
If any of the following events (each a "Servicing Termination Event") occurs:
(a)
the Servicer fails to pay any sum due under the Collateral Servicing Agreement when due, in the currency 
and in the manner specified herein; provided, however, that where such non-payment is due to an 
administrative error or the failure of continuing external payment systems or clearing systems reasonably 
used by the Servicer and such payment is made by the Servicer within five (5) Business Days of such 
non-payment, such non-payment will not constitute a Servicing Termination Event;
(b)
any material representation or warranty made by the Servicer, in the Collateral Servicing Agreement or 
in any notice or other document, certificate or statement delivered by it pursuant hereto or in connection 
herewith is or proves to have been incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made, and the 
same is not remedied (if capable of remedy) within sixty (60) Business Days after the Administrator or 
the Secured Party has given notice thereof to the Servicer or (if sooner) the Servicer has knowledge of the 
same, provided that the Secured Party, at its discretion, certifies that it is prejudicial to the interest of the 
holders of the relevant Notes;
(c)
the Servicer fails to comply with any of its obligations under the Collateral Servicing Agreement unless 
such breach is capable of remedy and is remedied within thirty (30) Business Days after the Administrator 
or the Secured Party has given notice thereof to the Servicer or (if sooner) the Servicer has knowledge of 
the same, provided that the Servicer, at its discretion, certifies that it is prejudicial to the interest of the 
holders of the relevant Notes;
(d)
as regards the Servicer, an Insolvency Event occurs;
(e)
any effect, event or matter (regardless of its nature, cause or origin and in particular the commencement 
of any legal, administrative or other proceedings against the Servicer) occurs which is or could be 
reasonably expected to be materially adverse to (i) the financial or legal situation, assets, business or 
operations of the Servicer and (ii) the ability of the Servicer to perform its payment obligations or the 
financial covenants under any of the Facility Documents;
(f)
at any time it is or becomes unlawful for the Servicer to perform or comply with any or all of its material 
obligations under the Collateral Servicing Agreement or any of the material obligations of the Servicer 
under the Collateral Servicing Agreement are not or cease to be legal, valid and binding; 
(g)
the service by the Secured Party (by itself or as represented by the Administrator or any representative, 
agent or expert on its behalf) to the Servicer, as pledgor, of an Enforcement Notice subject to, and in 
accordance with, the relevant terms of the Facility Agreement and the Collateral Security Agreements 
following the occurrence of an Event of Default,
the Secured Party (by itself or as represented by the Administrator or any representative, agent or expert on its 
behalf) may at once, or at any time thereafter while such event continues by notice in writing to the Servicer 
terminate the appointment of the Servicer under the Collateral Servicing Agreement with effect from a date (not

--- Page 124 ---
- 124 - 
earlier than the date of the notice) specified in such notice, it being understood that the Servicer will continue to 
properly perform the Services for as long as no Substitute Servicer has effectively been appointed by the Secured 
Party (unless the Secured Party has elected to perform the Services itself).
2. Purchase Documents
The Mortgage Loan Sale Agreement, the Servicing Agreement, the Purchase Master Definitions and Construction 
Agreement and the Administrative Agreement are referred to as the "Purchase Documents".
Mortgage Loan Sale Agreement 
On 27 November 2017, Crelan Home Loan SCF (formerly Axa Bank Europe SCF) (the "Purchaser") and Crelan 
SA/NV (formerly Axa Bank Belgium) (the "Seller") entered into a mortgage loan sale agreement (as amended 
from time to time, the "Mortgage Loan Sale Agreement" or the "MLSA"), setting out the general terms and 
conditions under which the Purchaser may purchase from time to time Loans together with the Loan Security and 
the Additional Security, from the Seller.
The Mortgage Loan Sale Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Belgium 
save for the provisions relating to the Bordereau (see "Mortgage Loan Sale Agreement – Purchase of Loans" 
below) which will be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of France.
Following the measures taken by the Belgium Financial sector Federation (the "Febelfin") in connection with the 
energy crisis (see "Overview of the legislation and regulations relating to sociétés de crédit foncier and other legal 
issues - Payment deferral of mortgage loans for private individuals in relation to the energy crisis in Belgium"), 
Crelan Home Loan SCF, as Purchaser under the Mortgage Loan Sale Agreement, has, in a consent and waiver 
request letter accepted waivers on certain provisions of the Mortgage Loan Sale Agreement. 
Purchase of Loans
Each sale and purchase of Loans under the MLSA (each, a "Purchase") will be formalised by the Seller and the 
Purchaser by:
(a)
executing on the Purchase Date a Bordereau governed by Article L.513-13 and Article R.513-12 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier); and
(b)
identifying on the Cut-Off Date the Loans on the Seller’s IT system as being transferred 
(cédés/overgedragen) in accordance with the identification IT requirements specified in the MLSA.
As a matter of Belgian law, each Loan will be validly transferred (cédé/overgedragen) on the relevant Purchase 
Date in accordance with Articles 5.174 et seq. of the Belgian Civil Code.
As a matter of French law, the remittance by the Seller of the Bordereau to the Purchaser will transfer to the 
Purchaser the title to the Loans specified in such Bordereau with effect from the date affixed thereon at the time 
of its remittance and such transfer will become enforceable (opposable) against third parties on that date, 
automatically (de plein droit) and without further formality (sans autres formalités), irrespective of the origination 
date, the maturity date or the due date of the Loans (quelle que soit la date de naissance, d'échéance ou d'exigibilité 
des créances), regardless of the law governing the Loans and the law of the domicile of the Debtors (quelle que 
soit la loi applicable aux créances et la loi du pays de résidence des débiteurs). The delivery (remise) of the 
Bordereau entails the automatic (de plein droit) assignment of any security interest, guarantees and ancillary rights 
attached (des sûretés, des garanties et des accessoires attachés) to each Loan, including the mortgage security 
interests (sûretés hypothécaires), and the enforceability (opposabilité) of such assignment vis-à-vis third parties, 
without any further formality (sans qu'il soit besoin d'autre formalité) under French law.
Each Purchase and transfer of the property on the Loans will have legal effect on the date designated to that effect 
in the Bordereau governed by Articles L.513-13 and R.513-12 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier) substantially in the form contained in the MLSA (the "Purchase Date"). The economic 
benefit of the transfer will carry out its effects as from the first calendar day of the month in which a Purchase 
occurs (the "Cut-Off Date").
The sale of the Loans will include inter alia:

--- Page 125 ---
- 125 - 
(a)
the book value of the Loans outstanding (the "Book Value") as at the Cut-Off Date;
(b)
all amounts of interest accrued (but not yet due) up to (but excluding) the Cut-Off Date;
(c)
all rights, title, interest and benefit of the Seller in and under the Loans, the Loan Security and the 
Additional Security.
The purchase price for a Loan will consist in:
(a)
the Book Value of such Loan as at (but excluding) the Cut-Off Date; and
(b)
the accrued interests on such Loan up to (but excluding) the Cut-Off Date,
and will be payable on the relevant Purchase Date.
Eligible Loans
Each Loan will comply with the same Eligibility Criteria as those set out in respect of Eligible Collateral Assets 
(see "Facility Documents – Collateral Security Agreements – Eligible Collateral Assets").
Mandatory repurchase in case of breach of representations and warranties and Eligibility Criteria
If at any time:
(a)
any of the representations and warranties relating to the Loans proves to be untrue, incorrect or 
incomplete; and
(b)
the Seller has not remedied this within thirty (30) Business Days of receipt of written notice thereof or 
according to the Servicer it cannot be remedied within such period;
then, the Seller will:
(a)
indemnify the Purchaser for all damages, costs, expenses and losses; and
(b)
repurchase the relevant Loan(s) and Loan Security, together with all other Loans secured by the same All 
Sums Mortgage, at the Repurchase Price in case of Breach.
The "Repurchase Price in case of Breach" will be equal to (i) the Book Value of the Loan as at the Repurchase 
Date in case of Breach plus (ii) accrued interest thereon and reasonable pro rata costs up to (but excluding) the 
Repurchase Date in case of Breach.
The indemnification and the closing of any repurchase as referred to herein will be completed no later than 45 
calendar days after (i) the expiry of the five (5) Business Day cure period referred to herein or (ii) the date on 
which the Servicer has determined that the matter is not capable of being remedied (the "Repurchase Date in case 
of Breach").
Permitted Variation and repurchase in case of Non-Permitted Variation
Upon request of a Debtor, the Seller will be entitled to consent, on behalf of the Purchaser, to a Variation to the 
extent that (i) no Notification Event (see "Mortgage Sale Loan Agreement - Perfection and notice to the Debtors") 
is outstanding, and (ii) such Variation will not:
(a) 
provide for a full or partial release of the Mortgage; or

--- Page 126 ---
- 126 - 
(b) 
provide for a reduction of the Outstanding Balance of the Loan otherwise than as a result of an effective 
payment of principal; or
(c)
provide for any non-contractual maturity extensions on Loans; or
(d)
provide for any change in the fixed interest rate in respect of a Loan; or
(e)
imply that the Loan would no longer comply with the Eligibility Criteria,
(each, a "Non-Permitted Variation").
If at any time:
(a)
the Debtor has requested a variation of the terms or conditions of or in relation to a particular Loan or any 
rights in relation thereto; and
(b)
the Servicer, acting on behalf of the Purchaser, has determined that such proposed variation is a Non-
Permitted Variation, 
then the Servicer, acting on behalf of the Purchaser, will:
(a)
promptly inform the Seller and the Seller will be deemed to have accepted such Non-Permitted Variation 
if he has not opposed thereto within one (1) Business Day after being notified by the Servicer (and hence 
should the Seller oppose to such Non-Permitted Variation, the Servicer will not proceed with the relevant 
Non-Permitted Variation and promptly inform the relevant Debtor thereof); 
(b) 
inform the Purchaser, and the Administrator of the Non-Permitted Variation in relation to such Loan 
thereof as accepted by the Seller in the conditions set out in the MLSA; and  
(c) 
no later than forty-five (45) calendar days after the date on which the Seller has accepted, or is deemed to 
have accepted the Non-Permitted Variation, in accordance with (a) above (or, in case such day would not 
fall on a Business Day, on the immediately succeeding Business Day), arrange for such Loan, together 
with all other Loans secured by the same All Sums Mortgage, to be repurchased and re-assigned at the 
Repurchase Price in case of Non-Permitted Variation, and such repurchase and re-assignment of the 
relevant Loan(s) will be deemed to have been completed at such time (such date being the "Repurchase 
Date in case of Non-Permitted Variation").
The "Repurchase Price in case of Non-Permitted Variation" is equal to the Book Value of the Loan as at the 
Repurchase Date in case of Non-Permitted Variation plus accrued interest thereon and reasonable pro rata costs up 
to (but excluding) the Repurchase Date in case of Non-Permitted Variation. 
All costs and expenses resulting from such repurchase and re-assignment will be borne by the Seller.
Right of first refusal 
If at any time, but prior to a Notification Event, the Purchaser expresses its intention to sell or otherwise transfer 
whole or part of the aggregate of all Loans that have been purchased by the Issuer pursuant to the MLSA and are 
at the relevant time still owned by the Purchaser (the "Portfolio") it will, prior to entering into such sale or transfer, 
forthwith notify the Seller of its intention and of the conditions, including the price or the consideration, of such 
intended sale or transfer. The Seller will have the right (but not the obligation) to repurchase such part of the 
Portfolio from the Purchaser at such conditions.
If the Seller does not exercise such repurchase right within thirty (30) Business Days after having been notified, 
the Purchaser will have the right during a period of six (6) calendar months to sell or otherwise transfer such part 
of the Portfolio at conditions which are not less favourable to the Purchaser than the conditions which were notified 
to the Seller.
Representations, warranties and covenants
The Seller has made customary representations and warranties and undertakings in favour of the Purchaser, such 
representations and warranties being given on the execution date of the MLSA and on each Purchase Date.

--- Page 127 ---
- 127 - 
At all times until all amounts due under the Notes have been redeemed or written-off in full, the Seller covenants 
in favour of the Purchaser (most importantly) that:
(a)
it will duly and timely comply with its obligations under (i) the Loans and (ii) the Purchase Documents, 
and will ensure payment of the amounts due by it thereunder
(b)
it will obtain, comply with the terms of and do all that is necessary to maintain in full force and effect all 
authorisations, approvals, licences and consents required in or by all applicable laws for the performance 
of its obligations hereunder and under any of the Purchase Documents;
(c)
it will, forthwith upon becoming aware of any actual or threatened litigation or dispute concerning any 
Loan or the Purchaser’s right and interest thereto, any seizure by a third party of a mortgaged property, or 
any procedure for the purge/zuivering of any Mortgage, give notice thereof to the Purchaser;
(d)
it will have systems in place in relation to Loans that are capable of providing the information to which 
the Purchaser is reasonably and properly entitled pursuant to the Purchase Documents, use all reasonable 
endeavours to maintain such systems in working order, and permit the Purchaser, any firm of independent 
accountants and/or any other representatives of the Purchaser upon ten (10) days’ prior written notice 
(unless a Notification Event has occurred in which case no notice is required) to enter under the direct 
supervision of the Seller upon their premises to:
(i)
inspect and satisfy itself or themselves that the systems are in place, maintained in working order 
and are capable of providing the information to which the Seller is reasonably and properly 
entitled pursuant to the Purchase Documents; and
(ii)
examine and make copies of and extracts from all Accounting Records (subject to certain 
conditions);
(e)
it will keep all Contract Records relating to the Loans for the account of the Purchaser and, upon 
termination of its appointment as Servicer, the Seller will forthwith deliver the Contract Records to the 
Purchaser or as the Purchaser will direct;
(f)
it will keep all Contract Records and Loan Documents, on a Loan by Loan basis, for the purposes of 
identifying amounts of principal and interest paid by each Debtor, any amount due by a Debtor and the 
balance from time to time outstanding on a Loan;
(g)
it will at its expense in a timely manner fully perform and comply with all provisions, covenants and other 
promises required to be observed by it under the Loan Documents.
(h)
it has instructed and will at all times continue to instruct the Debtor (and the Seller has no reason to believe 
that the Debtor will not do so) to pay any amounts due under the relevant Loan for which the aggregate 
of all such amounts will be transferred to the Collection Account (or the substitute collection account, as 
applicable), from where payments are debited to the Transaction Account on the same Business Day. The 
due implementation of this instruction is evidenced by means of the continued due payment by the Debtor 
or any other reasonable method chosen by the Seller and notified to the Purchaser;
(i)
if at any time (i) a Debtor, Insurance Company or other collateral provider invokes a right or defence, 
including a right of set-off of amounts due by the Seller to it with the relevant Loan and (ii) as a 
consequence thereof the Purchaser does not receive the full amount in respect of such Loan, Insurance 
Policy, Loan Security or Additional Security, the Seller will pay to the Purchaser a positive amount equal 
to the difference between: 
(i)
the amount which the Purchaser would have received in respect of the relevant Loan, Insurance 
Policy, Loan Security or Additional Security if no right or defence had been raised or a set-off 
had taken place; and
(ii)
the amount actually received by the Purchaser in respect of such Loan, Insurance Policy, Loan 
Security or Additional Security.
(j)
it will:
(i)
notify the Purchaser of any attachment (bewarend beslag/saisie conservatoire or uitvoerend 
beslag/saisie exécutoire) by its creditors to any Loan, Insurance Policy or other collateral which

--- Page 128 ---
- 128 - 
may lead to the Debtors, Insurance Companies or other collateral providers being required to 
make payments to the creditors of the Seller; 
(ii)
not give any instructions to the Debtors, Insurance Companies or other collateral providers to 
make any such payments; and
(iii)
indemnify the Purchaser against any reduction in the obligations to the Purchaser of the Debtors, 
Insurance Companies or other collateral providers due to payments to creditors of the Seller;
(k)
in the event the Seller receives from a Debtor (by mistake or intent or otherwise) any amount which is in 
fact due to the Purchaser, it will pay such amount forthwith to the Purchaser. In the event that at any time 
the Seller receives any amount under the Insurance Policies whether by way of surrender value 
(afkoopwaarde/valeur de rachat) or otherwise, the Seller will pay such amount forthwith to the Purchaser; 
and
(l)
it will not sell, transfer, assign or otherwise dispose of any Loan, related Loan Security or Additional 
Security or attempt, purport or agree to do any of the foregoing.
For the purpose hereof:
"Accounting Records" means, in respect of any Loan, all books, books of account, registers, records, databases 
and other information (including, without limitation, computer programmes, tapes, discs, software and related 
property rights) maintained (and recreated in the event of destruction of the originals thereof) with respect to such 
Loan and the related Debtor. 
"Loan Documents" means in respect of a particular Loan, the completed loan documents and ancillary documents 
in respect of a Loan which set out the terms and conditions of the Loan, the Loan Security and the Additional 
Security. 
"Transaction Account" means, in respect of the Purchase Documents, a bank account held by the Purchaser on 
which the collections are credited from the Collection Account. 
Indemnity, taxes and increased costs
The MLSA contains the following provisions:
Under the MLSA, the Seller agrees to immediately indemnify the Purchaser from and against any damages and 
losses awarded against or incurred by any of them relating to or resulting from:
(a)
any breach of any representation or warranty made by the Seller under the MLSA or as result of any other 
information or report delivered by the Seller to the Purchaser, which is proved to be false, incorrect or to 
have omitted any material fact at the time made or deemed made, 
(b) 
any failure by the Seller to comply with any applicable law, rule or regulation with respect to any Loan, 
Loan Security or Additional Security, or the non-conformity of any Loan, Loan Security or Additional 
Security with any such applicable law, rule or regulation; 
(c)
any dispute, claim, offset or defence (other than the effects of the bankruptcy (faillissment/faillite), judicial 
reorganization (gerechtelijke reorganisatie/reorganisation judiciaire) or collective debt settlement 
(collectieve schuldenregeling/règlement collectif de dettes) of the Debtor) of the Debtor, a relevant 
Insurance Company or other collateral provider to the payment of a Loan, including, without limitation, 
a defence based on such Loan, Insurance Policy or the related Loan Security or Additional Security not 
being a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Debtor, Insurance Company or other collateral provider 
enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, or any other dispute, claim, set-off or defence resulting 
from the failure by the Seller to perform any obligations related to such Loan, or the failure by the Seller 
to perform any obligations related to any applicable laws, rules or regulations in respect thereof;
(d)
any product liability claims or material personal injury or property damage suit or other similar or related 
claims or action of whatever sort arising out of or in connection with the goods which are the subject to 
any Loan (if any);
(e)
any disclosure of false, misleading or incomplete information regarding the Debtors by the Seller to the 
Purchaser or the supply of any Loan Documents, records and all other related documents to the Purchaser;

--- Page 129 ---
- 129 - 
and
(f)
any claim arising from collection activities conducted by the Seller, including, without limitation, any 
failure by the Seller, whether as Seller or in its capacity as Servicer, to transfer any payment of interest 
and principal under the Loans to the Transaction Account,
excluding, however, damages and losses resulting solely from gross negligence (grove fout/faute grave), wilful 
misconduct or fraud on the part of the Purchaser.
The Seller will pay all and any taxes that the Purchaser is or may be liable for in respect of the entering into any 
Purchase Document or any judgement given in connection therewith, from time to time, on demand of the 
Purchaser and will immediately indemnify in full the Purchaser against any liabilities, costs, claims and expenses 
resulting from any failure to pay or any delay in paying any such tax, except those penalties and interest charges 
that are due to the gross negligence, wilful misconduct or fraud of the Purchaser. 
All payments to be made by the Seller to the Purchaser under the MLSA will be made free and clear of and without 
deduction for or on account of tax unless the Seller is required to make such a payment subject to the deduction or 
withholding of tax, in which case the sum payable by the Seller in respect of which such deduction or withholding 
is required to be made will be increased to the extent necessary to ensure that, after the making of such deduction 
or withholding, the Purchaser receives and retains (free from any liability in respect of any such deduction or 
withholding) a net sum equal to the sum which it would have received and so retained had no such deduction or 
withholding been made or required to be made.
Perfection and notice to the Debtors
The Purchaser and the Seller agree and acknowledge that the transfer and assignment of legal title to the Loans 
will be valid and effective against all third parties as from the transfer of the Loans (see "Mortgage Sale Loan 
Agreement – Purchase of Loans").
The Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that it will not give notice to any Debtor of the assignment to the Purchaser 
of the Loans until and unless:
(a)
the occurrence of a Notification Event; or
(b)
an attachment or similar claim in respect of any Loan is received, in which case notice will be given only 
to the Debtor of the Loan concerned. 
The following events or circumstance shall constitute a "Notification Event" under the Purchase Documents: 
(a)
the occurrence of Servicing Termination Event (see "Purchase Documents - Replacement and termination 
of appointment of the Servicer - Termination in case of a Servicing Termination Event" below); or
(b)
the occurrence of an Insolvency Event in respect of the Seller; or
(c)
the Purchaser is required to serve a Notice to Debtor by an order of any court or supervisory authority; or
(d)
whether as a reason of a change in law (or case law) or for any other reason (such as when it becomes 
necessary as a result of a change of law), to protect the interests of the Purchaser to record the sale by 
way of marginal notation (kantmelding/mention marginale) and to the extent notified thereof by the 
Servicer or the Purchaser reasonably considers it necessary to protect its interests over the Loans, the 
Loan Security or the Additional Security to do so, and serves notice on the Seller to such effect (setting 
out its reasons therefore); or
(e)
the Seller fails in any material respect to duly perform, or comply with, any of its obligations under the 
Purchase Documents to which it is a party and such failure, if capable of being remedied, is not remedied 
within ten (10) Business Days after notice thereof; or

--- Page 130 ---
- 130 - 
(f)
any representation, warranty or statement made or deemed to be made by the Seller under any of the 
Purchase Documents to which it is a party or in any notice or other document, certificate or statement 
delivered by it pursuant thereto proves to have been, and continues to be after the expiration of any 
applicable grace period, untrue or incorrect in any material respect, save for any breach of representations 
and warranties relating to a Collateral Security Asset which is, following such breach, substituted; or
(g)
the Seller:
a.
has taken any corporate action or any steps have been taken or legal proceedings have been 
instituted or threatened against it for its dissolution (ontbinding/dissolution) and liquidation 
(vereffening/liquidation); or
b.
has become subject to emergency regulations (noodregeling/mesure d’urgence) or, if applicable, 
applies for or is granted a suspension of payments (opschorting van betaling/surséance des 
paiments); or
c.
it becomes unlawful for the Seller to perform all or a material part of its obligations under the 
Purchase Documents in such a manner that this would have a material adverse effect on its ability 
to perform such obligations.
Following a Notification Event, the Seller will give notice of the sale to the Purchaser of any Loan, to each of the 
following and to the extent applicable:
(a)
the Servicer;
(b)
the Debtors;
(c) 
any notary public, mortgage registrar, public administration, property expert, broker or other person 
referred to in the definition of Additional Security; 
(d)
the provider of Loan Security;
(e)
the Insurance Company providing the Life Insurance Policy; 
(f)
the CKP (Centrale voor Kredieten aan Particulieren/Centrale des Crédits aux Particuliers); 
(g)
the Insurance Company providing the Hazard Insurance Policy; and
(h)
Moody’s.
Servicing Agreement
On 27 November 2017, Crelan Home Loan SCF (formerly Axa Bank Europe SCF) (the Purchaser) and Crelan 
SA/NV (formerly Axa Bank Belgium) (the Servicer, the Administrator and the Seller) entered into a Belgian law 
servicing agreement (the "Servicing Agreement") as amended from time to time, setting out the general terms and 
conditions under which (i) the Purchaser appoints the Servicer in relation to the administration of the Loans and 
relating Loan Security and/or Additional Security and (ii) the powers and the responsibilities of each of the Servicer 
and the Administrator.
Appointment of Servicer
Until any replacement or termination pursuant to the Servicing Agreement (see "Servicing Agreement - 
Replacement and termination of appointment"), the Purchaser has appointed the Servicer as its agent to provide 
the Services (see "Servicing Agreement - Services performed under the Servicing Agreement"), including, but not 
limited to the administration of the Loans, the relating Loan Security and Additional Security and to exercise their 
respective rights, powers and discretions, and to perform their duties, in respect of such assets and any related 
rights. 
The Servicer will perform the administration of the Loans, the relating Loan Security and Additional Security in 
accordance with applicable laws and the provisions of the Servicing Agreement, devoting the same amount of time 
and attention to, and exercising at least the same level of skill, care and diligence in, the performance of the 
Services as for as it would if it were administering loans in respect of which it is the lender.

--- Page 131 ---
- 131 - 
Services performed under the Servicing Agreement
The Servicer will perform the following services (the "Services") under the Servicing Agreement (most 
importantly):
(a)
keep and maintain records for the purposes of identifying amounts of interest, principal (as principal 
repayments, prepayments, paid-in arrears, principal recoveries, repurchase receipts), Prepayment 
Penalties and Default Interest paid by the Debtors and any amount of interest or principal or any other 
sums due from the Debtors in respect of the Loans, Loan Security and Additional Security;
(b)
procure that (i) all collections of interest, principal, Prepayment Penalties, Default Interest and any other 
amounts relating to the Loans are credited directly into the Collection Account (or, following any 
replacement or termination of the Servicer, the replacing collection account in the name of the substitute 
servicer) and (ii) all payments of interest, principal, Prepayment Penalties and Default Interest and any 
other amounts made by Debtors in respect of the Loans will be paid into the Collection Account in the 
name of the Servicer (or, following any replacement or termination of the Servicer, the replacing 
collection account in the name of the substitute servicer); and
(c)
take all steps and execute all documents necessary or desirable to maintain the Loan Security and 
Additional Security for the whole term of the Loan, including a renewal of the registration of the relevant 
Mortgage (inschrijving/inscription), any costs associated with such maintenance or renewal being paid 
by the Debtor or the Servicer as the case may be.
The Services will constitute servicing instructions of the Purchaser to the Servicer and the Servicer undertakes that 
no change will be made to the Services without the Purchaser’s prior consent in a way that would not prejudice 
the rights of the Purchaser under the MLSA. 
Asset Report
The Servicer will provide the Purchaser with:
(a)
a report on the cash-flows generated by the Loans during the month preceding the Asset Report Date 
indicating their source and any repurchases or re-assignments of Loans in accordance with the MLSA 
(the "Asset Report") in the form set out in the Servicing Agreement to be submitted at the latest on the 
20th of each month in respect of the immediately preceding month (the "Asset Report Date");
(b)
promptly upon the request of the Purchaser, an Asset Report up-to-date as at the date which shall have 
been specified in such request; and
(c)
at any time and to control compliance under the Servicing Agreement or for any audit purposes, such 
additional information as the Purchaser may reasonably require with prior reasonable notice (except upon 
the occurrence of an Event of Default where such notice is not required) in connection with any Asset 
Report, the Loans, Loan Security or Additional Security.
Maintenance of Contract Records
The Servicer will keep all Contract Records in a secure place and will maintain an adequate form of such records 
as is necessary to service and enforce each Loan and the relevant Loan Security and Additional Security thereof. 
The Servicer will keep (or procure that the holder thereof will keep) the Contract Records in such a way (either 
manually or electronically) that they can be clearly distinguished from the documents, files and records relating to 
other non-purchased loans and any other loans in respect of which the Servicer is the servicer or the seller. 
Inspection and audit of Contract Records 
Subject to giving prior reasonable notice (except upon the occurrence of a Notification Event where such notice is 
not required) the Secured Party or any of its representative, agent or expert acting on its behalf may inspect or 
audit all or any part of the Contract Records, take copies thereof (subject to all applicable laws including (but 
without limitation) the Pledgor’s duties of confidentiality and the applicable legislation on privacy and data 
protection) and be provided with such information as it may reasonably require in connection with the Collateral 
Security Assets for the purpose of satisfying itself as to whether such assets are Eligible Collateral Assets and as 
to the level of compliance with the tests and limits contained herein.
Access to premises
The Servicer will permit the Purchaser or any of its representative, agent or expert acting on its behalf, upon prior 
reasonable notice, full access to any premises where the Contract Records may be kept as may be reasonable for

--- Page 132 ---
- 132 - 
a lender to require with a view to verifying compliance with the terms of the Servicing Agreement and safeguarding 
the Purchaser’s exposure under the same or for any audit purposes. Any such access to premises will only take 
place during the normal business hours of the Servicer. No such restriction will apply upon the occurrence of a 
Notification Event.
Replacement and termination of appointment
Replacement and termination of appointment – Termination by the Secured Party
The Purchaser may terminate the appointment of the Servicer under the Servicing Agreement for any reason and 
at any time upon the giving of not less than thirty (30) Business Days' notice of such termination, it being 
understood that the Servicer will continue to properly perform the Services for as long as no Substitute Servicer 
has effectively been appointed by the Purchaser (unless the Purchaser has elected to perform the Services itself).
Replacement and termination of appointment –Replacement in case of a Servicer Rating Trigger Event
If a Servicer Rating Trigger Event occurs which would have a negative impact on the then rating of outstanding 
Series of Notes at the time of such Servicer Rating Trigger Event, within thirty (30) Business Days of such 
occurrence, the Administrator will notify the Purchaser in writing of the occurrence of such event and then, within 
thirty (30) Business Days of such occurrence, the Purchaser and the Servicer will use reasonable endeavours to 
appoint a new servicer (whose long-term senior unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations (if 
rated) are rated at least Baa3 by Moody’s), in replacement of the Servicer to provide the Services in respect of the 
Loans, it being understood that the Servicer will continue to properly perform the Services for as long as no 
substituteservicer has effectively been appointed by the Purchaser (unless the Purchaser has elected to perform the 
Services itself).
Replacement and termination of appointment of the Servicer - Termination in case of a Servicing Termination 
Event 
If any of the following events (each a "Servicing Termination Event") occurs:
(a)
the Servicer fails to pay any sum due under the Servicing Agreement when due, in the currency and in 
the manner specified herein; provided, however, that where such non-payment is due to an administrative 
error or the failure of continuing external payment systems or clearing systems reasonably used by the 
Servicer and such payment is made by the Servicer within five (5) Business Days of such non-payment, 
such non-payment will not constitute a Servicing Termination Event;
(b)
any material representation or warranty made by the Servicer, in the Collateral Servicing Agreement or 
in any notice or other document, certificate or statement delivered by it pursuant hereto or in connection 
herewith is or proves to have been incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made, and the 
same is not remedied (if capable of remedy) within thirty (30) Business Days after the Administrator or 
the Purchaser has given notice thereof to the Servicer or (if sooner) the Servicer has knowledge of the 
same, provided that the Purchaser, at its discretion, certifies that it is prejudicial to the interest of the 
holders of the relevant Notes;
(c)
the Servicer fails to comply with any of its obligations under the Servicing Agreement unless such breach 
is capable of remedy and is remedied within thirty (30) Business Days after the Administrator or the 
Purchaser has given notice thereof to the Servicer or (if sooner) the Servicer has knowledge of the same, 
provided that the Servicer, at its discretion, certifies that it is prejudicial to the interest of the holders of 
the relevant Notes;
(d)
as regards the Servicer, an Insolvency Event occurs;
(e)
any effect, event or matter (regardless of its nature, cause or origin and in particular the commencement 
of any legal, administrative or other proceedings against the Servicer) occurs which is or could be 
reasonably expected to be materially adverse to (i) the financial or legal situation, assets, business or 
operations of the Servicer and (ii) the ability of the Servicer to perform its payment obligations or the 
financial covenants under any of the Purchase Documents; and
(f)
at any time it is or becomes unlawful for the Servicer to perform or comply with any or all of its material 
obligations under the Servicing Agreement or any of the material obligations of the Servicer under the 
Servicing Agreement are not or cease to be legal, valid and binding,

--- Page 133 ---
- 133 - 
the Purchaser (by itself or as represented by the Administrator or any representative, agent or expert on its behalf) 
may at once, or at any time thereafter while such event continues by notice in writing to the Servicer terminate the 
appointment of the Servicer under the Servicing Agreement with effect from a date (not earlier than the date of the 
notice) specified in such notice, it being understood that the Servicer will continue to properly perform the Services 
for as long as no Substitute Servicer has effectively been appointed by the Purchaser (unless the Purchaser has 
elected to perform the Services itself). 
3. Outsourcing contracts
The Issuer having no employees or other resources, it has entered into two outsourcing services contracts (as 
amended from time to time), i.e. the Administrative Services Agreements and the Management and Recovery 
Agreement. 
See "Description of the Issuer – Staff and Outsourcing Agreements" for more details. 
4. Cash Advance Agreement
The Issuer has entered into the Cash Advance Agreement with Crelan SA/NV setting out the terms and conditions 
under which Crelan SA/NV undertakes to (most importantly):
(i)
make cash advances to the Issuer on any Interest Payment Date, Instalment Date or Maturity Date (or 
Extended Maturity Date) of any Series of Notes (as determined in the Final Terms of such Series of Notes) 
issued by the Issuer or any payment date under any hedging agreement benefiting from the Privilège;
(ii) each time a Pre-Maturity Reserve Trigger Event occurs during the Pre-Maturity Reserve Test Period and for 
so long as it is continuing during such period, fund a Pre-Maturity Reserve (in cash and/or securities) in an 
amount equal to the Pre-Maturity Reserve Required Amount, in accordance with, and subject to, the terms 
and conditions set forth in the Cash Advance Agreement; and
(iii) if a Collection Loss Reserve Trigger Event occurs, fund a Collection Loss Reserve (in cash and/or securities) 
in an amount to the Collection Loss Reserve Required Amount in accordance with, and subject to, the terms 
and conditions set forth in the Cash Advance Agreement.
Any sum due (in interest or principal) under Cash Advance Agreement by the Issuer to Crelan SA/NV will not 
benefit from the Privilège. 
Finally, Crelan SA/NV contractually undertakes towards the Issuer to ensure, by providing liquidity support or 
assigning additional eligible assets or otherwise, that the Issuer will, at all times, maintain an overcollateralisation 
ratio between the total amount of assets of the Issuer and the total amount of its liabilities benefiting from the 
Privilège equal to, or greater than, 112%.
See "Risk factors relating to the Issuer and its operations – Liquidity Risk". 
5. Hedging agreements
In connection with the issue of Notes under the Programme, the Issuer has entered and may in future enter into 
certain hedging agreements and related hedging transactions with Crelan SA/NV in its capacity as eligible hedging 
provider or other banking entities in accordance with relevant rating agency requirements. These hedging 
agreements and related hedging transactions are entered into by the Issuer as part of its hedging strategy to hedge 
interest rate and/or currency risk. For a description of the Issuer's hedging strategy and the associated risks, see 
above under "Risk Factors – Interest rate and currency risks" and "Risk Factors – Credit risk on bank 
counterparties". 
6. Senior loan agreements 
The Issuer may in future enter into certain term senior loan agreements with Crelan SA/NV in order to finance the 
general needs of the Issuer and/or certain expenses in connection with the issue of Notes under the Programme. 
The sums due by the Issuer (in interest or principal) under the term senior loan agreements will not benefit from 
the Privilège (priority of payments).

--- Page 134 ---
- 134 - 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche will be substantially in the following form, duly completed to reflect 
the particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue and subject to deletion of non-applicable provisions:
[PRIIPS REGULATION - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of the Markets in 
Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended from time to time ("EU MiFID II"); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive 2016/97 (EU), as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 dated 14 June 2017, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.]3
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation.]4
[5EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes taking 
into account the five categories referred to in item 19 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 3 August 2023 has 
led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties[,] [and] professional clients 
[and retail clients], each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II")][EU MiFID II]; [and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, [including investment advice, portfolio management, 
non-advised sales and pure execution services]]/[(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients 
are appropriate – [investment advice][,/ and] [portfolio management][,/ and] [non-advised sales] [and pure 
execution services], [subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under EU MiFID II, as 
applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market6]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels, [subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under EU MiFID II, as applicable]].]
[7UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND 
ECPS ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval 
3 Legend to be included if the Notes are not intended to be sold to EEA retail clients. 
4 Legend to be included if the Notes are not intended to be sold to UK retail clients.
5 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 "all bonds to all professionals" target market approach.
6 ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a programme which only envisages vanilla 
issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market placeholder. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along the 
following lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible with the needs, characteristic and 
objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]."
7 The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR

--- Page 135 ---
- 135 - 
process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market 
for the Notes is [retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"),] [and] eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") [and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
("UK MiFIR")]; [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, 
portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]]/[(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes 
to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and 
pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as 
applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook 
(the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under COBS, as applicable].]]
manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the EU MiFID II product governance 
legend or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included.

--- Page 136 ---
- 136 - 
Final Terms dated []
CRELAN HOME LOAN SCF
LEI : CVRWQDHDBEPUUVU2FD09
(Issuer)
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] Obligations Foncières due []
under the €11,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme
Issue Price: [] per cent.
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)]

--- Page 137 ---
- 137 - 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated 7 February 2025 [and the supplement to the base 
prospectus dated []] ([together,] the "Base Prospectus") which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus 
for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation").
This document constitutes the final terms of the Notes (the "Final Terms") described herein for the purposes 
of Article 8(2)(a) of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus 
[as so supplemented by the supplement[s] to the base prospectus dated []]. Full information on the Issuer 
and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base 
Prospectus [as so supplemented]. [A summary of the issue of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms]8.The 
Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing on the websites 
of (i) the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and (ii) the Issuer (https://www.axabank.be/fr/a-
propos-axa-banque/investor-relations-and-financial-information/covered-bonds), 
[and] 
during 
normal 
business hours at the registered office of the Issuer and at the specified office of the Paying Agent(s) where 
copies may be obtained. [In addition9, the Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] and 
these Final Terms are available for viewing [on/at] [].]
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions which 
are the [2020 Terms and Conditions] / [2021 Terms and Conditions] / [2022 Terms and Conditions] / [2023 
Terms and Conditions] / [2024 Terms and Conditions] which are incorporated by reference in the Base 
Prospectus (as defined below). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for 
the purposes of Article 8(2) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") and 
must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 7 February 2025 [as supplemented by the 
supplement[s] to the base prospectus dated [●]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Base Prospectus"), including the Conditions incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available 
on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms, the Base Prospectus and the [2020 Terms and 
Conditions] / [2021 Terms and Conditions] / [2022 Terms and Conditions] / [2023 Terms and Conditions] / 
[2024 Terms and Conditions]. [A summary of the issue of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms]10. The 
Base Prospectus is available for viewing on the websites of (i) the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com) and (ii) the Issuer (https://www.axabank.be/fr/a-propos-axa-banque/investor-relations-
and-financial-information/covered-bonds), [and] during normal business hours at the registered office of the 
Issuer and at the specified office of the Paying Agent(s) where copies may be obtained. [In addition11, the 
Base Prospectus and the Final Terms are available for viewing [on/at] [].]
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.]
1.
(i)
Series Number:
[]
(ii)
Tranche Number:
[]
[(iii) Date on which the Notes will be 
assimilated (assimilables) and form a single 
Series: 
[Not Applicable / The Notes will, upon listing, 
be assimilated (assimilées), form a single series 
and be interchangeable for trading purposes with 
the [[Currency] [Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
Tranche] [Title of Notes]] on [●]]
2.
Specified Currency or Currencies:
[]
8
Only applicable with respect to Notes with a specified denomination of less than €100,000. 
9
If the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
10
Only applicable with respect to Notes with a specified denomination of less than €100,000. 
11
If the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.

--- Page 138 ---
- 138 - 
3.
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes:
[] (Insert amount) 
(i)
Series:
[]
(ii)
Tranche:
[]
4.
Issue Price:
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus an amount corresponding to accrued 
interest at a rate of [●] per cent. of such 
Aggregate Nominal Amount for the period from, 
and including, the Interest Commencement Date 
to, but excluding, the Issue Date (if applicable)] 
5.
Specified Denomination(s) (Condition 1(b)): 
[]
(one (1) denomination only for Dematerialised 
Notes) (Not less than €1,000 or its equivalent in 
other currency at the Issue Date when the Notes 
are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market 
in circumstances which require the publication 
of 
a 
prospectus 
under 
the 
Prospectus 
Regulation)
6.
(i)
Issue Date:
[]
(ii)
Interest Commencement Date:
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]
7.
Maturity Date (Condition 6(a)):
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to the 
relevant month and year] [If applicable, refer to 
paragraph 8 below for the Extended Maturity 
Date] 
8.
Extended Maturity Date (Condition 6(a)):
[Not Applicable/ [●] (specify date)]
8 
bis.
Maturity Extension Trigger Event(s):
[Applicable as per Condition 6(a) (Specify any 
maturity extension trigger event(s))] / [Not 
Applicable]
9.
Interest Basis (Condition 5):
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate]
(further particulars specified in paragraph 15 
below)
[Floating Rate]
(further particulars specified in paragraph 16 
below)
[Zero Coupon]
(further particulars specified in paragraph 17 
below)
[Fixed/Floating Rate]
(further particulars specified in paragraphs 11 
and 18 below)
[Inverse Floating Rate]
(further particulars specified in paragraph 19 
below)
10.
Redemption/Payment Basis (Condition 6):
[Redemption at par]
[Instalment]
(further particulars specified below)
11.
Change of Interest Basis (Conditions 5(e)):
Applicable (for Fixed/Floating Rate Notes)/Not 
Applicable] 
12.
Put/Call Options (Conditions 6(c) and 6(d)):
[Issuer Call]
[Put Option]
(further particulars specified in paragraphs 
[20/21])

--- Page 139 ---
- 139 - 
[Not Applicable]
13.
Date of corporate authorisations for issuance 
of Notes obtained:
Decision of the Board of Directors (Conseil 
d'administration) dated []
14.
Method of distribution:
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
15.
Fixed Rate Notes Provisions (Condition 
5(b)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Rate(s) of Interest:
[] per cent. per annum [payable [annually / 
semi-annually / quarterly / monthly] in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date]
(ii)
Interest Payment Date(s):
[] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date [or the Extended Maturity Date, 
as the case may be]
[Unadjusted/[specify Business Day Convention 
(Following Business Day Convention/ Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/ Preceding 
Business Day Convention) and any applicable 
Business Centre(s) for the definition of "Business 
Day"]]
(iii)
Fixed Coupon Amount(s):
[] per [] in Specified Denomination [subject 
to the Broken Amount(s) referred to in 
subparagraph (iv) below]
(iv)
Broken Amount(s):
[€[], being the [initial or final] broken interest 
amount which does not correspond with the 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s)]/Not Applicable]
(v)
Day Count Fraction:
[] [Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-ISDA / 
Act/Act / Act/Act-ISDA / Actual/365-FBF / 
Actual/Actual-FBF / Actual/Actual-ICMA / 
Act/Act-ICMA / Actual/365 (Fixed) / Act/365 
(Fixed) / A/365 (Fixed) / A/365 F / Actual/360 / 
Act/360 / A/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis 
/ 30/360-FBF / Actual 30A/360 (American Bond 
Basis) / 30E/360/ Eurobond Basis / 30E/360-
FBF / 30E/360-ISDA]
(vi)
Determination Dates:
[] in each year
(insert regular Interest Payment Dates, ignoring 
Issue Date or Maturity Date (or Extended 
Maturity Date) in the case of a long or short first 
or last coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))
16.
Floating Rate Notes Provisions (Condition 
5(c)): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Interest Period(s):
[]
(ii)
Specified Interest Payment Dates:
[]
(iii)
First Interest Payment Date:
[]
(iv)
Interest Period Date:
[Interest Payment Date/Other (specify date)]
(v)
Business Day Convention:
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/ Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/ Preceding 
Business Day Convention]

--- Page 140 ---
- 140 - 
[Insert "unadjusted" if the application of the 
relevant business day convention is not intended 
to affect the Interest Amount]
(vi)
Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)):
[Not Applicable]/[]
(vii)
Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined:
[FBF Determination/ ISDA Determination/ 
Screen Rate Determination]
(viii)
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent):
[Not Applicable]/[]
(ix)
FBF Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
- Floating Rate (Taux Variable):
[]
(specify [EURIBOR/CMS Rate/SONIA/€STR or 
other] and months [e.g. EURIBOR 3 months])
[If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of an interest period (as 
per Condition 5(c)(iii)(A), insert the relevant 
interest period(s) and the relevant two rates used 
for such determination]
- Floating Rate Determination Date 
(Date de Détermination du taux 
Variable):
[]
(x)
ISDA Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
-
Floating Rate Option:
[]
[If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of an interest period (as 
per Condition 5(c)(iii)(B), insert the relevant 
interest period(s) and the relevant two rates used 
for such determination]
-
Designated Maturity:
[]
-
Reset Date:
[]
-
ISDA Definitions:
[2006 ISDA Definitions] / [2021 ISDA 
Definitions]
(Sub-paragraphs below only relevant if "2021 
ISDA Definitions" is selected – otherwise, 
delete)
-
[Calculation Period:
[●]
-
Fixing Day:
[●]
-
Effective Date:
Interest Commencement Date / [●]
-
Termination Date:
As per Condition 5(c)(iii)(B) / [●]
-
Delayed Payment:
[Applicable: [specify applicable number of days] 
(if no number is specified, the applicable number 
of days shall be five (5) days) / Not Applicable]
-
Compounding:
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option 
is an overnight rate)
-
OIS Compounding:
[Applicable / Not Applicable]
-
Compounding with Lookback:
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
[Lookback: [●]]

--- Page 141 ---
- 141 - 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the 
default value will be five (5))
-
Compounding with Observation 
Period Shift:
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
[Observation Period Shift: [●]]
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the 
default value will be five (5))
-
Set in Advance:
[Applicable / Not Applicable]
-
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional Business Days:
[]
-
Compound with Lockout:
[Applicable / Not Applicable]
Lockout Period Business Day: [specify the 
relevant financial center(s)]
[Lockout: [●]]
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the 
default value of the Lockout will be five (5))
-
2021 ISDA Definitions Linear 
Interpolation:
[Applicable (specify the Shorter Designated 
Maturity and the Longer Designated Maturity, 
each as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) / 
Not Applicable] ]
(xi)
Screen Rate Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(specify 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
- 
EURIBOR] [Screen Rate Determination - 
SONIA] [Screen Rate Determination - CMS 
Rate] [Screen Rate Determination - €STR])
- Benchmark:
(specify [EURIBOR/CMS Rate/SONIA/€STR] 
and 
months 
[e.g. 
EURIBOR 
3 
months])(additional information if necessary)
[If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of an interest period (as 
per Condition 5(c)(iii)(C), insert the relevant 
interest period(s) and the relevant two rates used 
for such determination]
- Relevant Time:
[]
- Interest Determination Date(s):
[[] [T2] Business Days in [specify city] for 
[specify currency] prior to [the first day in each 
Interest Accrual Period/each Interest Payment 
Date]]
(Where the Reference Rate is SONIA, include the 
below wording)
[[●] London Business Days prior to each Interest 
Payment Date]
- Primary 
Source 
for 
Floating 
Rate/Relevant Screen Page:
[Specify relevant screen page or "Reference 
Banks"]

--- Page 142 ---
- 142 - 
- [Calculation Method:
[Compounded Daily]/[Weighted Average]
- Observation Method:
[Lag]/[Lock-out]
- Lookback Period:
[[specify] London Business Days]/[As per the 
Conditions]/[Not Applicable]]
(Include where the Reference Rate is SONIA and 
ensure that any Early Redemption Amounts 
include amounts in respect of accrued interest)]
- [€STR 
Observation 
Look-Back 
Period
[[specify] T2 Business Days]/[As per the 
Conditions]/[Not Applicable]]
(Include where the Reference Rate is €STR)]
- Reference Banks (if Primary Source 
is "Reference Banks"):
[Specify four]
- Relevant Financial Centre:
[The financial centre most closely connected to 
the Benchmark - specify if not Paris]
- Representative Amount:
[Specify if screen or Reference Bank quotations 
are to be given in respect of a transaction of a 
specified notional amount]
- Effective Date:
[Specify if quotations are not to be obtained with 
effect from commencement of Interest Accrual 
Period]
- Specified Duration:
[Specify period for quotation if not duration of 
Interest Accrual Period]
- Specified Time:
[]
(xii)
Margin(s):
[+/-] [] per cent. per annum
(xiii)
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[Not Applicable/[] per cent. per annum]
(xiv)
Maximum Rate of Interest:
[Not Applicable/[] per cent. per annum]
(xv)
Day Count Fraction:
[]
17.
Zero Coupon Notes Provisions (Condition 
5(d)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Amortisation Yield:
[] per cent. per annum
(ii)
Day Count Fraction:
[] [Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-ISDA / 
Act/Act / Act/Act-ISDA / Actual/365-FBF / 
Actual/Actual-FBF / Actual/Actual-ICMA / 
Act/Act-ICMA / Actual/365 (Fixed) / Act/365 
(Fixed) / A/365 (Fixed) / A/365 F / Actual/360 / 
Act/360 / A/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis 
/ 30/360-FBF / Actual 30A/360 (American Bond 
Basis) / 30E/360/ Eurobond Basis / 30E/360-
FBF / 30E/360-ISDA]
18.
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes (Condition 5(e)):
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) Issuer Change of Interest Basis:
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(ii) Automatic Change of Interest Basis:
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(iii) Rate of Interest applicable to the Interest 
Periods preceding the Switch Date or the 
Automatic 
Switch 
Date, 
as 
applicable 
(excluded):
Determined in accordance with [Condition 5(b), 
as though the Note was a Fixed Rate Note]/ 
[Condition 5(c), as though the Note was a 
Floating Rate Note] with further variables set out 
in item [●] of these Final Terms

--- Page 143 ---
- 143 - 
(iv) Rate of Interest applicable to the Interest 
Periods following the Switch Date or the 
Automatic 
Switch 
Date, 
as 
applicable 
(included):
Determined in accordance with [Condition -5(b), 
as though the Note was a Fixed Rate Note]/ 
[Condition 5(c), as though the Note was a 
Floating Rate Note] with further variables set out 
in item [●] of these Final Terms
(v) Switch Date:
[●]
(vi) Automatic Switch Date:
[●]
(vii) Minimum notice period required for notice 
from the Issuer:  
[[●] Business Days prior to the [Switch 
Date]/[Automatic 
Switch 
Date] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable]  
19.
Inverse Floating Rate Notes Provisions 
(Condition 5(f)):
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Fixed Rate:
[[] per cent. per annum [payable [annually / 
semi-annually / quarterly / monthly] in arrear]
(ii)
Interest Period(s):
[] 
(iii)
Specified Interest Payment Dates:
[] 
(iv)
First Interest Payment Date:
[] 
(v)
Interest Period Date:
[Interest Payment Date/other (specify date)] 
(vi)
Business Day Convention:
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/ Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/ Preceding 
Business Day Convention] 
[Insert "unadjusted" if the application of the 
relevant business day convention is not intended 
to affect the Interest Amount]
(vii)
Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)):
[Not Applicable]/[] 
(viii)
Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined:
[Fixed Rate] minus [FBF Determination/ ISDA 
Determination/ Screen Rate Determination]
(ix)
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest Amount(s) (if 
not the Calculation Agent):
[] 
(x)
FBF Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Floating Rate (Taux Variable):
[] (specify EURIBOR, SONIA, CMS Rate, 
€STR or others] and months [e.g. EURIBOR 3 
months])  
[If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of an interest period (as 
per Condition 5(c)(iii)(A), insert the relevant

--- Page 144 ---
- 144 - 
interest period(s) and the relevant two rates used 
for such determination]
Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de 
Détermination du Taux Variable):
[] (specify EURIBOR, SONIA, CMS Rate, 
€STR or others] and months [e.g. EURIBOR 3 
months])  
(xi)
ISDA Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
ISDA Definitions:
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions]/[2021 
ISDA 
Definitions]
Floating Rate Option:
[] 
[If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of an interest period, 
insert the relevant interest period(s) and the 
relevant two rates used for such determination] 
Designated Maturity:
[] 
Reset Date:
[] 
(xii)
Screen Rate Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Benchmark:
[](specify EURIBOR, SONIA, CMS Rate, 
€STR or others] and months [e.g. EURIBOR 3 
months])  
[If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of an interest period (as 
per Condition (c)(iii)(A), insert the relevant 
interest period(s) and the relevant two rates used 
for such determination]
Relevant Time:
[] 
Interest Determination Date(s):
[] 
Primary Source:
[Specify relevant screen page or "Reference 
Banks"]
Reference Banks (if Primary Source is 
"Reference Banks"):
[Specify four] 
Relevant Financial Centre:
[The financial centre most closely connected to 
the Benchmark - specify if not Paris]
Representative Amount:
[Specify if screen or Reference Bank quotations 
are to be given in respect of a transaction of a 
specified notional amount]
Effective Date:
[Specify if quotations are not to be obtained with 
effect from commencement of Interest Accrual 
Period]
Specified Duration:
[Specify period for quotation if not duration of 
Interest Accrual Period]
(xiii)
Margin(s):
[+/-] [] per cent. per annum
(xiv)
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[Not Applicable/[] per cent. per annum] 
(xv)
Maximum Rate of Interest:
[Not Applicable/[] per cent. per annum] 
(xvi)
Determination Date(s):
[[] in each year]/[Not applicable] 
(xviii) Day Count Fraction:
[] [Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-ISDA /

--- Page 145 ---
- 145 - 
Act/Act / Act/Act-ISDA / Actual/365-FBF / 
Actual/Actual-FBF / Actual/Actual-ICMA / 
Act/Act-ICMA / Actual/365 (Fixed) / Act/365 
(Fixed) / A/365 (Fixed) / A/365 F / Actual/360 / 
Act/360 / A/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis 
/ 30/360-FBF / Actual 30A/360 (American Bond 
Basis) / 30E/360/ Eurobond Basis / 30E/360-
FBF / 30E/360-ISDA]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
20.
Call Option (Condition 6(c)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[]
(ii)
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note:
[[] per Note of [] Specified Denomination]
(iii)
If redeemable in part:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(if not applicable, delete the items below)
(a) Minimum Redemption Amount:
[[●] per [[●] in] Specified Denomination / Not 
Applicable]
(b) Maximum Redemption Amount:
[[●] per [[●] in] Specified Denomination / Not 
Applicable]
(iv)
Option Exercise Date(s):
[]
(v)
Notice period12:
[]
21. 
Put Option (Condition 6(d)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[] 
(ii)
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note and method, if any, 
of calculation of such amount(s):
[] per Note of [] Specified Denomination
(iii)
Option Exercise Date(s):
[] 
(iv)
Notice period13:
[] 
22.
Final Redemption Amount of each Note 
(Condition 6(a)):
[] per Note of [] Specified Denomination/ 
Specified Denomination]
(Note that the Final Redemption Amount shall be 
the Specified Denonimation)
23.
Early Redemption Amount (Condition 
6(e)):
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each Note 
payable on early redemption:
[] per Note of [] Specified Denomination
12 If setting notice periods which are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example clearing systems, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example as 
between the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent (Condition 6 (c)). 
13 If setting notice periods which are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example clearing systems, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example as 
between the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent (Condition 6 (d)).

--- Page 146 ---
- 146 - 
24.
Redemption by Instalment:
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(if 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(i) Instalment Date(s):
[]
(ii) Instalment Amount(s) in respect of each 
Note:
[]
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
25.
Form of Notes (Condition 1(a)):
[Dematerialised Notes/ Materialised Notes] 
(Materialised Notes are only issued in bearer 
form)
[Delete as appropriate]
(i)
Form of Dematerialised Notes:
[Not Applicable/if Applicable specify whether 
bearer 
form 
(au 
porteur)/ 
administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré)/ fully 
registered form (au nominatif pur)]
(ii)
Registration Agent:
[Not Applicable/if applicable give name and 
address] (Note that a Registration Agent can be 
appointed in relation to Dematerialised Notes in 
fully registered form only)
(iii)
Temporary Global Certificate:
[Not Applicable/Temporary Global Certificate 
exchangeable for Definitive Materialised Notes 
on [] (the "Exchange Date"), being forty (40) 
calendar days after the Issue Date subject to 
postponement as specified in the Temporary 
Global Certificate]
26.
Identification of Noteholders (Condition 
1(a)): 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable]
27.
Financial Centre(s) (Condition 7(g)):
Adjusted Payment Date (Condition 7(g)):
[Not Applicable/[]. Note that this paragraph 
relates to the date and place of payment, and not 
interest period end dates, to which sub-
paragraphs 16(v) relate]
[Not Applicable / The next following business 
day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which such event such date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding business day.] / [The immediately 
preceding business day]/[Other14]
28.
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to be 
attached to Definitive Materialised Notes 
(and dates on which such Talons mature) 
(Condition 7(b)):
[Yes/No/Not Applicable] (Only applicable to 
Materialised Notes)
29.
Redenomination, 
renominalisation 
and 
reconventioning provisions (Condition 1(d)):
[Not Applicable/The provisions in Condition 
1(d) apply]
14 In the market practice, if any date for payment in respect of Fixed Rate Notes, Receipt or Coupon is not a business day, the holder shall not 
be entitled to payment until the next following business day (as defined in Condition 7(f)).

--- Page 147 ---
- 147 - 
30.
Consolidation provisions (Condition 12(b)):
[Not Applicable/The provisions in Condition 
12(b) apply]
31.
Masse (Condition 10):
[Name and address of the Representative: [] 
Name 
and 
address 
of 
the 
alternate 
Representative: []] 
[The 
Representative 
will 
receive 
no 
remuneration/The Representative will receive a 
remuneration of []]] 
[If the Notes are held by a sole Noteholder, 
insert the wording below: 
As long as the Notes are held by a sole 
Noteholder, it shall exercise all rights and 
obligations 
assigned 
by 
law 
to 
the 
Representative and the general meeting of the 
Noteholders. 
A 
Representative 
will 
be 
appointed as soon as the Notes are held by 
several Noteholders.] 
Signed on behalf of Crelan Home Loan SCF:
By: ............................................
Duly authorised

--- Page 148 ---
- 148 - 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION
1.
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING
(i)
Listing(s):
[Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange/ 
other (specify other relevant Regulated Market)/ 
None]
(ii)
Admission to trading:
[Application [has been / is expected to be] made by 
the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange / [●] (specify other 
relevant Regulated Market) with effect from [●]] / 
Not Applicable] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted to 
trading.)
(iii)
[Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading:
[[●] / Not Applicable]]15
2.
RATINGS
Ratings:
[Not Applicable / The Notes to be issued [have 
been 
/are 
expected 
to 
be] 
rated:
[Moody’s France S.A.S.]: []]
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating.)]
[The above rating agenc[y/ies] [is/are] established 
in 
the 
European 
Union, 
registered 
under 
Regulation (EC) no. 1060/2009 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council dated 16 September 
2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the 
"CRA Regulation") and included in the list of 
registered credit rating agencies published on the 
European Securities and Markets Authority's 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-
rating-agencies/cra-authorisation).  
[In accordance with the CRA Regulation (as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 and as 
amended 
by 
the 
Credit 
Rating 
Agencies 
(Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 (the 
"UK CRA Regulation")), the rating assigned to 
the Notes by [[Moody’s France S.A.S.] / [●]] will 
be endorsed by [[Moody's Investors Service Ltd] / 
[●]], 
being 
[a] 
credit 
rating 
agenc[y/ies] 
established in the United Kingdom and included in 
the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
Financial Conduct Authority on its website 
((https://data.fca.org.uk/#/cra/cradetails) 
in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.]] 
[[●] (Include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
15
Only applicable with respect to Notes with a specified denomination of at least €100,000.

--- Page 149 ---
- 149 - 
the ratings if this has been previously published by 
the rating provider, for instance “According to the 
Moody’s’rating system, an obligation rated 
“AAA” assigned by Moody’s is judged to be of the 
highest quality, with minimal risk.”)]
3.
REASONS FOR THE OFFER[,]/[AND] ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS [AND TOTAL 
EXPENSES]16
(i)
Reasons for the offer:
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(if 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
[The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be 
used for financing the assets of the Issuer in 
accordance with the provisions of Article L.513-2 
of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier).]/[[●] (to be specified)] 
(ii)
Estimated net proceeds:
[●] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will 
need to split out and present in order of priority. If 
proceeds are insufficient to fund all proposed uses, 
state amount and sources of other funding.) 
(ii)
[Estimated total expenses:
[●]]17
(If expenses are intended for more than one use will 
need to split out and present in order of priority.)
4. 
SPECIFIC CONTROLLER 
The specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) shall deliver to the Issuer (i) for each quarter a certificate 
relating to the borrowing programme for the relevant quarter and, (ii) in case of issue of Notes equals 
or exceeds €500,000,000 or its equivalent in any other currency, a certificate relating to such an issue. 
[[Insert name of specific controller], as specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) of the Issuer, has 
certified that the value of the assets of the Issuer will be greater than the value of its liabilities benefiting 
from the Privilège defined in Article L. 513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier), after settlement of this issue.] 
5.
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE
Include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue, detailing 
the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the following 
statement: 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates 
have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course 
of business.] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the 
Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)]]
16 Only applicable with respect to Notes with a specified denomination of less than €100,000. 
17 Only applicable with respect to Notes with a specified denomination of less than €100,000.

--- Page 150 ---
- 150 - 
6.
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(if 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
Indication of yield:
[●]] 
(indication of yield and description of the method 
whereby the yield is to be calculated in summary 
form)
7.
Floating Rate Notes only - HISTORIC INTEREST RATE AND BENCHMARKS
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(if 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
Historic interest rates:
Details of historic [EURIBOR, SONIA, CMS 
Rate, €STR or others] rates can be obtained, [but 
not] free of charge, from [Reuters/other] (give 
details of electronic means of obtaining the details 
of performance). 
Benchmarks:
Amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes 
will 
be 
calculated 
by 
reference 
to 
[EURIBOR/SONIA/CMS 
Rate/€STR/(other)] 
which is provided by [the European Money 
Markets 
Institute/ICE 
Benchmark 
Administration/[●]]. As at [●], [the European 
Money 
Markets 
Institute/ICE 
Benchmark 
Administration/[●]/[the Banque de France]] 
[appears/does not appear] [on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as amended (the 
"Benchmarks Regulation")]/[on the benchmarks 
administrators register established and maintained 
by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) 
pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the "UK BMR")]. [As far as 
the Issuer is aware, [[the European Money 
Markets 
Institute/ICE 
Benchmark 
Administration/[●]], 
as 
administrator 
of 
[EURIBOR/SONIA/CMS Rate/€STR/(other)] is 
not required to be registered by virtue of Article 2 
of 
[the 
Benchmarks 
Regulation]/[the 
UK 
BMR]]/[the transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
[the Benchmarks Regulation]/[the UK BMR] 
apply, such that [the European Money Markets 
Institute/ICE Benchmark Administration/[●]] is 
not currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration.]
8.
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
ISIN Code:
[]
Common Code:
[]

--- Page 151 ---
- 151 - 
Depositaries:
(i)
Euroclear France to act as Central 
Depositary
[Yes/No]
(ii)
Common Depositary for Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV and Clearstream Banking S.A. ;
[Yes/No]
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking S.A. and 
the relevant identification number(s):
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s) and 
address(es)]
Delivery:
Delivery [against/free of] payment
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any):
[Not Applicable/give name]
Name and address of Calculation Agent (if any):
[Not Applicable / [●]]
9.
DISTRIBUTION [AND UNDERWRITING18]
Method of distribution:
[Syndicated / Non-syndicated]
(i) If syndicated,
[Not Applicable / [●]]
(a) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
the 
coordinator(s) of the global offer:
[Not Applicable / specify names and addresses19]
(b) 
Names[, addresses and underwriting 
commitment quotas]20 of the Managers:
[●] / (give names[, addresses and quotas of the 
entities agreeing to underwrite the issue and of the 
entities agreeing to place the issue without a firm 
commitment or under 'best efforts' arrangements, 
and where not all of the issue is underwritten on a 
firm commitment basis, specify the portion not 
covered21])
(c) Date of [Subscription] Agreement22:
[●]
(ii) Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any):
[Not Applicable / [●]]
(iii) If non-syndicated, name [and address]23 of 
Dealer:
[Not Applicable / [●]]
(iv) Indication of the overall amount of the 
underwriting commission and of the placing 
commission:
[[●] of the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Tranche24 / Not Applicable]
(v) Applicable TEFRA exemption:
[TEFRA C / TEFRA D / TEFRA Not Applicable] 
(TEFRA rules are not applicable to Notes in 
dematerialised form)
18
Only applicable with respect to Notes with a specified denomination of less than €100,000. 
19
Only applicable with respect to Notes with a specified denomination of less than €100,000. 
20
Only applicable with respect to Notes with a specified denomination of less than €100,000. 
21
Only applicable with respect to Notes with a specified denomination of less than €100,000. 
22
Only applicable with respect to Notes with a specified denomination of less than €100,000. 
23
Only applicable with respect to Notes with a specified denomination of less than €100,000. 
24
Only applicable with respect to Notes with a specified denomination of less than €100,000.

--- Page 152 ---
- 152 - 
(vi) Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors:
[Not applicable/Applicable]
(vii) Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors:
[Not applicable/Applicable]
10.
[EUROPEAN COVERED BOND (PREMIUM) LABEL
The Notes [are intended to benefit]/[benefit]/[do not benefit] from the "European Covered Bond 
(Premium)" label. 
(Specify "do not benefit" if the Notes are assimilated to and under the same legal regime as Notes 
issued under the 2020 Terms and Conditions, the 2021 Terms and Conditions and the 2022 Terms 
and Conditions). Otherwise, specify "are intended to benefit" or "benefit".
[Insert Issue Specific Summary25]
25
Only applicable with respect to Notes with a specified denomination of less than €100,000.

--- Page 153 ---
- 153 - 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in the amended and restated dealer agreement dated 
7 February 2025 between the Issuer, the Arranger and the Permanent Dealers (the "Dealer Agreement"), the Notes 
will be offered by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved the right to sell Notes 
directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. References in this Base Prospectus to 
"Permanent Dealers" are to the person referred to above as Permanent Dealer and to such additional persons that 
may be appointed as dealers in respect of the whole Programme (and whose appointment has not been terminated) 
and references to "Dealers" are to all Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed as a dealer in respect of one or 
more Tranches. The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of 
such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, 
acting as agents of the Issuer. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission (if any) as agreed between them in respect of Notes 
subscribed by it. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for their expenses incurred in connection with 
the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the Programme. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of 
the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe Notes 
in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer.
Selling Restrictions
General
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers in particular following 
a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in a supplement to this 
Base Prospectus.
Each Dealer and the Issuer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to agree, that it will comply, to the best of its knowledge, with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or 
distributes the Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and that it will obtain any consent, 
approval or permission required for the purchase, offer or sale of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in 
any jurisdiction in which it makes such purchase, offer or sale. None of the Issuer or any other Dealer shall have 
responsibility therefore.
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that Materialised Notes may only be issued outside France.
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase 
any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any of them that any 
recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of 
this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be deemed to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the 
condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer.
United States of America 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or securities laws of any State or 
jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons as defined under Regulation S, except pursuant to an exemption 
from, or in a transaction not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The Notes are being 
offered and sold outside the United States to non U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S.
Materialised Notes having a maturity of more than one (1) year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may 
not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in 
certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations thereunder.

--- Page 154 ---
- 154 - 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or delivered the Notes of any 
identifiable Tranche, (i) as part of their distribution at any time, or (ii) otherwise until forty (40) days after the 
completion of the distribution of such Tranche as determined and certified by the relevant Dealer, in the case of a 
non-syndicated issue, or the Lead Manager, in the case of a syndicated issue, within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling 
concession, fee or other remuneration to which it sells Notes during this period, a confirmation or other notice 
setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S.
In addition, until forty (40) calendar days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable Tranche, an 
offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may 
violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act.
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes 
outside the United States. The Issuer and the Dealer(s) reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase the Notes, 
in whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in the United 
States. Distribution of this Base Prospectus by any non-U.S. person outside the United States to any U.S. person 
or to any other person within the United States is unauthorised and any disclosure without the prior written consent 
of the Issuer of any of its contents to any such U.S. person or other person within the United States is prohibited.
European Economic Area
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed, that it has not made and will not make 
an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area ("EEA") except 
that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State of the EEA:
(a) Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than one hundred and fifty (150) natural or legal persons 
(other than qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), as permitted under the 
Prospectus Regulation, subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation.
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "an offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes in any 
Member State means a communication to persons in any form and by any means, presenting sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered, so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Notes and the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
This EEA selling restriction is in addition to any other selling restrictions set out above or below. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer and the Issuer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision:

--- Page 155 ---
- 155 - 
(a) the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes. 
Belgium 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed (and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree) that: 
(a) it has not made or will not make a public offer in Belgium other than in compliance with the criteria listed 
in Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) it will only sell the Notes to one or more consumer(s) within the meaning of Article I.1.2° of the Belgian 
Economic Code, if, on doing so, it complies with the provisions of this Code and its implementing 
decrees. 
France 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise transferred and will 
not offer, sell or otherwise transfer, directly or indirectly, any Notes to the public in France other than (i) to qualified 
investors (investisseurs qualifiés) as defined in Article L.411-2 1° of the French Monetary and Financial Code 
(Code monétaire et financier) and in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation, or (ii) to a restricted circle of 
investors (cercle restreint d'investisseurs), provided that such investors are acting for their own account, in 
accordance with Articles L.411-2 1° and D.411-4 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier) and it has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed to 
the public in France, other than to investors as described in tems (i) and (ii) above, this Base Prospectus, the 
relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus prepared in connection with the Notes has not been submitted to the clearance procedures 
of the Autorité des marchés financiers.
Switzerland
This document is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the Notes described 
herein. The Notes may not be publicly offered, sold or advertised, directly or indirectly, in, into or from Switzerland 
and will not be listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange or on any other exchange or regulated trading facility in 
Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes 
constitutes a prospectus as such term is understood pursuant to Article 652a or Article 1156 of the Swiss Code of 
Obligations or a listing prospectus within the meaning of the listing rules of the SIX Swiss Exchange or any other 
regulated trading facility in Switzerland and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing 
material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.
United Kingdom
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer and the Issuer has represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering

--- Page 156 ---
- 156 - 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a)
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i)
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA; or 
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b)
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the 
public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(A)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(B)
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 
2 of UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "an offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes 
to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expression "UK 
Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that:
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, (i) it is a 
person whose ordinary activities involve in it acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or 
sell any Notes other than to the persons whose ordinary activities involve in it acquiring, holding, managing 
or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or whose it is 
reasonable to expect they will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of Note would otherwise constitute a contravention of 
section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 as amended (the "FSMA") by the Issuer;

--- Page 157 ---
- 157 - 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 
21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which 
Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done 
by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.

--- Page 158 ---
- 158 - 
GENERAL INFORMATION
(1) 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary corporate and other consents, approvals and authorisations in France 
in connection with the establishment and the update of the Programme. Any issuance of Notes under the 
Programme, to the extent that such Notes constitute obligations under French law, requires the prior 
authorisation of the Board of Directors (Conseil d'administration) of the Issuer, which may delegate its 
power to any person of its choice. 
(2) 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2023. There 
has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer since 30 
June 2024. 
(3) 
The Issuer is not or has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including 
any such proceeding which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), during a period 
covering at least the previous twelve (12) months which may have, or have had in the recent past, 
significant effects on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer. 
(4) 
Save as disclosed in the section "Material Contracts" on pages 109 to 133 of this Base Prospectus, there 
are no material contracts that are not entered into the ordinary course of the Issuer's business which could 
result in the Issuer being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer's ability to meet 
its obligation to Noteholders in respect of the Notes being issued. 
(5) 
Application may be made for Notes to be accepted for clearance through Euroclear France (10-12 place 
de la Bourse, 75002, Paris, France) and/or Euroclear (boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Bruxelles, 
Belgium) and Clearstream (42, avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Luxembourg). The Common 
Code and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) or the identification number for any 
other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
(6) 
Pursuant to Article R.513-16 IV of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier), the specific controller certifies that the rule providing that the amount of eligible assets of the 
Issuer is greater than the amount of liabilities benefiting from the Privilège is satisfied on the basis of a 
quarterly borrowing programme and for any issue of Notes in a principal amount equal to or above 
€500,000,000 or its equivalent in the currency of issue. The specific controller also certifies that the 
conditions provided for under Article L.513-26 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier) are met, as the case may be. 
(7) 
Denjean & Associés Audit at 19 rue de Presbourg 75116 Paris and Ernst & Young et Autres, Tour First, 
TSA 14444, 92037 Paris-La Défense Cedex are registered with the Compagnie Nationale des 
Commissaires aux Comptes (official statutory auditors' representative body) and subject to the authority 
of the Haut Conseil du Commissariat aux Comptes (French High Council of Statutory Auditors). Denjean 
& Associés Audit and Ernst & Young et Autres have audited and rendered unqualified audit reports on 
the non-consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2022 and 31 
December 2023. Denjean & Associés Audit and Ernst & Young et Autres have performed on a limited 
review (examen limité) and rendered an unqualified review report on the non-consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer for the six (6) months periods ended 30 June 2024. The Issuer does not produce 
consolidated financial statements. 
(8) 
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, the following documents will be 
available, during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays and public holidays excepted), for 
inspection and, in the case of (i) and (ii) below, copies will be available free of charge, at the (a) registered 
office of the Issuer and at the specified office of the Paying Agent(s) and (b) (save for the document 
mentioned 
in 
point 
(iv) 
below) 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at 
(https://www.crelan.be/fr/particuliers/covered-bonds):
(i) 
the statuts of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the most recently published audited non-consolidated financial statements and interim financial 
statements of the Issuer;

--- Page 159 ---
- 159 - 
(iii)  
the Final Terms for Notes that are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and traded on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or any other Regulated 
Market in the EEA; 
(iv)  
the Agency Agreement (which includes the form of the Lettre Comptable, of the Temporary 
Global Certificates, of the Definitive Materialised Notes, of the Coupons, of the Receipts and of 
the Talons); 
(v) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or further 
Base Prospectus and any document incorporated by reference therein; and 
(vi) 
all reports, letters and other documents, historical financial information, valuations and 
statements prepared by any expert at the Issuer's request any part of which is included or 
referred to in this Base Prospectus, including the certificate of the Specific Controller in 
respect of (i) each quarter relating to the borrowing programme for the relevant quarter and 
(ii) each issue of Notes in a principal amount equal to or above €500,000,000 or its equivalent 
in the currency of the relevant issue.  
So long as Notes may be issued pursuant to, or are outstanding under, this Base Prospectus, this Base 
Prospectus (including any Documents Incorporated by Reference and any supplements to this Base 
Prospectus) 
will 
be 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at 
(https://www.crelan.be/fr/particuliers/covered-bonds) and of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com) for at least ten years from the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of the Base Prospectus, the documents incorporated by reference and, in the case of Notes listed 
on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and traded on the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange or any other Regulated Market in the EEA, the Final Terms will also be 
will be available to view on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) or on 
the website of the relevant Regulated Market in the EEA. 
(9) 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and 
each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
(10) 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, the yield in respect of such Notes will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of the relevant 
Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date (as defined 
in the Final Terms) of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
(11) 
Where information has been sourced from third parties this information has been accurately reproduced 
and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the information published by such third 
parties, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. The source of such third party information is identified where used. 
(12) 
The Issuer's website is https://www.crelan.be/fr/particuliers/covered-bonds. Unless specifically 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on the website does not form 
part of this Base Prospectus. 
(13) 
The Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI") of the Issuer is CVRWQDHDBEPUUVU2FD09. 
(14) 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to an interest rate indice such 
as EURIBOR, €STR, CMS Rate or SONIA or any other reference rate set out in the applicable Final 
Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrators of EURIBOR and CMS Rate are included 
in ESMA’s register of administrators under Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation . As far as the Issuer 
is aware, €STR and SONIA do not fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation or the UK BMR 
by virtue of Article 2 of the Benchmarks Regulation and Article 2 of the Benchmarks Regulation as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK BMR"), such that the administrators of 
these benchmarks are not currently required to obtain authorisation/registration. The relevant Final Terms 
in respect of an issue of Floating Rate Notes will specify the relevant benchmark, the relevant

--- Page 160 ---
- 160 - 
administrator and whether such administrator appears on the ESMA register or the FCA register referred 
to above. 
(15)
The Dealer(s) have or may (i) engage in investment banking, trading or hedging activities including 
activities that may include prime brokerage business, financing transactions or entry into derivative 
transactions with the Issuer and other entities within the Crelan Group (ii) act as underwriters in 
connection with offering of shares or other securities issued by any entities within the Crelan Group or 
(iii) act as financial advisers to the Issuer or and other entities within the Crelan Group. In the context of 
these transactions, certain of such Dealer(s) have or may hold shares or other securities issued by entities 
within the Crelan Group. Where applicable, they have or will receive customary fees and commissions 
for these transactions.
In addition, the Dealer(s) and their affiliates may from time to time advise the issuers of, or obligors in 
respect of, reference assets regarding transactions to be entered into by them, or engage in transactions 
involving reference assets for their proprietary accounts and for other accounts under their management. 
Any such transactions may have a positive or negative effect on the value of such reference assets and 
therefore on the value of any Notes to which they relate. Accordingly, certain conflicts of interest may 
arise both among the Dealer(s) and between the interests of the Arranger and the Dealer(s) and the 
interests of holders of Notes.

--- Page 161 ---
- 161 - 
GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS 
Words and expressions defined in elsewhere in this Base Prospectus will have the same meanings when used 
below. Some of the terms below may be otherwise defined in other sections of the Base Prospectus. In case of 
inconsistency or contradiction, the terms of the definitions which appear in other sections of the Base Prospectus 
shall prevail. In addition, the below glossary which shall form part of the Base Prospectus does not constitute an 
exhaustive list of all the definitions used in other sections of the Base Prospectus and shall be read and construed 
in conjunction with such other sections. 
"Accounting Records" means, in respect of any Loan, all books, books of account, registers, records, databases 
and other information (including, without limitation, computer programmes, tapes, discs, software and related 
property rights) maintained (and recreated in the event of destruction of the originals thereof) with respect to such 
Loan and the related Debtor. 
"Additional Security" means, with regard to any Loan, all claims, whether contractual or in tort, against any 
Insurance Company, notary public, mortgage registrar, public administration, property expert, broker or any other 
person in connection with such Loans or the related Mortgaged Property or Loan Security or in connection with 
Crelan SA/NV’s decision to grant such Loans and in general, any other security or guarantee other than the Loan 
Security created or existing in favour of Crelan SA/NV as security for a Loan. 
"Administrator" means Crelan SA/NV in its capacity as administrator of the Issuer pursuant to the terms of the 
Administrative Agreement. 
"Advance" means advance made available by the Lender to the Borrower in accordance with the Facility 
Agreement for the purpose of financing the general financial needs of the Borrower. 
"Aggregate Collateral Security Amount" means, on any Asset Cover Test Date the sum of the Collateral Security 
Asset Net Values. 
"All Sums Mortgage" means an all sums mortgage (alle sommen hypotheek/hypothèque pour toutes sommes) that 
secures the relevant Loan and all other amounts that a particular Debtor owes or in the future may owe to the 
Pledgor pursuant to Article 81 quinquies of the Belgian Mortgage Act. 
"Asset Contractual Documentation" means, in relation to any and all Loans and Loan Security, all originals or 
executive or true copies (copies exécutoires) of any contract, instrument or other document (such as riders, waivers 
and amendments) providing for the terms and conditions of, and/or evidencing title and benefit to, such Loans and 
any right, privilege, guarantee or security interest (droit accessoire, privilège, garantie ou sûreté) ancillary or as 
the case may be attached thereto. 
"Asset Cover Test" means a test carried out by the Facility Calculation Agent on each Asset Cover Test Date to 
ensure that the amount of Collateral Security required pursuant to the Collateral Security Agreements is in place. 
"Asset Cover Test Date" means, in respect of the Collateral Security Agreements, the 7th Business Day of each 
calendar month and each issuance date of a Series or a Tranche of Notes; by way of exception to the foregoing, 
the first Asset Cover Ratio Test Date shall be the 7th Business Day of the calendar month occurring after an initial 
Advance is made pursuant to, and subject, the terms and conditions of the Facility Agreement; 
"Belgian Financial Collateral Act" means the Belgian Act of 15 December 2004 on Financial Collateral. 
"Belgian Collateral Security Agreement" means the collateral security agreement governed by Belgian law 
entered into on 27 November 2017, Crelan Home Loan SCF (formerly Axa Bank Europe SCF), in its capacity as 
Secured Party, and Crelan SA/NV (formerly Axa Bank Belgium), in its capacity as Administrator, Facility 
Calculation Agent and Pledgor, as the same may be amended, varied or supplemented from time to time. 
"Belgian Mortgage Act" means the Act of 16 December 1851 on mortgages (Hypotheekwet/Loi hypothécaire), 
as amended from time to time. 
"Book Value" means the book value of the Loans outstanding.

--- Page 162 ---
- 162 - 
"Borrower" means Crelan SA/NV, in its capacity as borrower pursuant to the terms of the Facility Agreement. 
"Breach of Asset Cover Test" means, in respect of the Collateral Security Agreements, the failure by the Borrower 
to cure a Non Compliance with Asset Cover Test which has occurred on any Asset Cover Test Date prior to the 
next following Asset Cover Test Date. 
"Cash Advance Agreement" means the cash advance agreement entered into between the Issuer and Crelan SA 
setting out the terms and conditions under which Crelan SA/NV undertakes to make some advances to the Issuer. 
"CLTCV" means the ratio of current loan to current value, which is calculated as: 
(a)
the current balance of the Loans of a Debtor, for the purpose of this calculation increased by the 
current balance of other loans as existed before the relevant Collateral Effective Date or Purchase 
Date (as applicable), as relevant, divided by:  
(b)
the Current Property Values indexed to the relevant Collateral Effective Date or Purchase Date 
(as applicable), as relevant, less any mortgage inscription amounts held by a third party that rank 
higher in priority to the mortgage inscriptions granted to Crelan SA/NV. 
"CLTM" means current loan to mortgage inscription, which is calculated as:  
(a)
the current balance of the Loans of a Debtor, for the purpose of this calculation increased by the 
current balance of other loans as existed before the relevant Collateral Effective Date or Purchase 
Date (as applicable), divided by:  
(b)
the sum of the first and any subsequent ranking mortgage inscriptions granted to Crelan SA/NV 
(for avoidance of doubt, mortgage mandates are excluded). 
"Collateral Directive" means Directive 2002/47/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 6 June 
2002 on financial collateral arrangements as amended from time to time. 
"Collateral Effective Date" means, with respect to each Eligible Collateral Asset to be pledged as Collateral 
Security under the Collateral Security Agreements, the calendar day upon which such Eligible Collateral Asset 
shall have been notified by the relevant party as being effectively pledged as Collateral Security subject to, and in 
accordance with, the relevant terms of the Collateral Security Agreements. 
"Collateral Security" means, pursuant to the Collateral Security Agreements, the pledge made by the Pledgor, 
from time to time, of the Eligible Collateral Assets for the benefit of the Secured Party. 
"Collateral Security Agreements" means the French Collateral Security Agreement and the Belgian Collateral 
Security Agreement. 
"Collateral Security Asset Net Values" means the net asset value of the Collateral Security Assets as determined 
in accordance with the French legal framework applicable to sociétés de crédit foncier, and in particular Article 
R.513-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier). 
"Collateral Security Assets" means the Eligible Collateral Assets pledged by the Pledgor in favour of the Secured 
Party under the Collateral Security Agreements. 
"Collateral Servicing Agreement" means the collateral servicing agreement entered into on 27 November 2017 
between Crelan Home Loan SCF (formerly Axa Bank Europe SCF), in its capacity as Secured Party, and Crelan 
SA/NV (formerly Axa Bank Belgium), in its capacity as Servicer, Administrator and Facility Calculation Agent, 
as the same may be amended, varied or supplemented from time to time. 
"Collection Account" means any and all bank accounts opened in the name of Crelan SA/NV to collect interest 
and principal paid under the Loans. 
"Collection Loss Reserve" means the collection loss reserve funded by Crelan SA/NV upon the occurrence of 
certain trigger events in accordance with, and subject to the terms of, the Cash Advance Agreement.

--- Page 163 ---
- 163 - 
"Collection Loss Reserve Required Amount" means the amount to be funded by Crelan SA/NV into the 
Collateral Loss Reserve in the occurrence of a Collection Loss Reserve Trigger Event, such amount being equal 
to the greater of (i) the collections received by Crelan SA/NV during the preceding calendar month preceding the 
Collection Loss Reserve Trigger Event under both the Loans sold to the Issuer under the Mortgage Loan Sale 
Agreement and Loans granted as collateral security to the benefit of the Issuer under the Collateral Security 
Agreements and (ii) an amount equal to the sum of (A) the aggregate amount of interest payable by the Issuer 
under any outstanding Series of Notes, (B) any amount payable by the Issuer under any hedging agreement, (C) 
any other debts benefiting from the Privilège (but, for the avoidance of doubt and any double counting, excluding 
the amount due under the Notes or the hedging agreements) in accordance with Article L.513-11 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) and (D) any fees payable by the Issuer. 
"Collection Loss Reserve Trigger Event" means the event Crelan SA/NV's rating is or falls below "Baa3cr" 
(long-term counterparty risk assessment) by Moody’s. 
"Construction Loan" means any loan originated by Crelan SA/NV the proceeds of which are intended to construct 
or renovate residential property located in Belgium and the proceeds of which have been fully released to the 
Debtor on the relevant Collateral Effective Date or Purchase Date (as applicable). 
"Contract Records" means: 
(a)
the computer and manual records, files, internal data, books and all other information (including 
information stored in information systems) related to the Loans or the Loan Security, together 
with the Asset Contractual Documentation and other documents evidencing title of the relevant 
entity to such assets; and 
(b)
the records, files, internal data, computer systems and all other information related to the 
Collection Accounts and the operation of the same. 
"Contractual Overcollateralisation Percentage" means the percentage of contractual overcollateralisation to be 
agreed between the Pledgor and the Secured Party in accordance with the Collateral Security Agreements, being 
specified that the Pledgor and the Secured Party may agree to increase such percentage pursuant to the Collateral 
Security Agreements. 
"Current Property Value" means the property value after indexation based on figures as provided by property 
expert Stadim CVBA, with its registered office at Uitbreidingstraat 10-16, 2600 Antwerp. 
"Cut-Off Date" means, in respect of the Purchase Documents, the first calendar day of the month in which a 
Purchase occurs. 
"Debtor" means a borrower under any Loan. 
"Default Interest" means default interest under any Loan. 
"Defaulted Loan" means a Loan which is either (i) in arrears for more than 180 days or (ii) which has been 
accelerated and in relation to which foreclosure procedures have commenced. 
"Delinquent Loan" means a Loan in arrears and for as long as it has not become a Defaulted Loan. 
"Drawdown Request" means a drawdown request completed by the Borrower in respect of an Advance as set out 
in the Facility Agreement. 
"DTI" means the ratio expressing the relation of the monthly debt (mortgage and non-financial debt, consumer 
loans, etc…) burden to the monthly income, in both cases after taxes. 
"Eligible Collateral Assets" means, in respect of the Collateral Security Agreements, an asset which meets the 
requirements of the legal framework applicable to sociétés de crédit foncier and complies with all the Eligibility 
Criteria. 
"Enforcement Notice" means, in respect of the Facility Agreement, upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, 
a written notice (such notice to constitute a mise en demeure) sent by the Lender (by itself or represented by the

--- Page 164 ---
- 164 - 
Administrator or any representative, agent or expert on its behalf), to the Borrower and the Administrator (with a 
copy to Moody’s), (x) declaring that (i) no further Advances shall be available under the Facility Agreement, and 
(ii) the then outstanding Advances are immediately due and payable and (y) enforcing the rights of the Lender 
under the Collateral Security Agreements for the repayment of any sum due by the Borrower under the Facility 
Agreement and not paid by the Borrower (whether at its contractual due date or upon acceleration). 
"Facility Agreement" means a French law credit facility agreement entered into on 27 November 2017 between 
the Lender, the Borrower, the Administrator and the Facility Calculation Agent, as amended from time to time. 
"Facility Calculation Agent" means Crelan SA/NV, in its capacity as facility calculation agent pursuant to the 
terms of the Facility Agreement. 
"Facility Commitment" means the aggregate maximum amount of €9,000,000,000 made available by the Issuer 
to the Borrower. 
"Facility Documents" means the Facility Agreement, the Collateral Security Agreements, the Collateral Servicing 
Agreement, the Master Definitions and Construction Agreement and the Administrative Agreement. 
"French Collateral Security Agreement" means the collateral security agreement governed by French law 
entered into between Crelan Home Loan SCF (formerly Axa Bank Europe SCF), in its capacity as Secured Party, 
and Crelan SA/NV (formerly Axa Bank Belgium), in its capacity as Administrator, Facility Calculation Agent and 
Pledgor, as entered into on 27 November 2017, and as the same may be amended, varied or supplemented from 
time to time. 
"Further Loan" means any loan (i.e. a mortgage loan or a consumer loan, as the case may be) originated by 
Crelan SA/NV after any Collateral Effective Date or Purchase Date (as applicable) that is covered by the same All 
Sums Mortgage as a Loan. 
"Hazard Insurance" or "Hazard Insurance Policy" means an insurance policy covering fire and/or kindred perils 
in respect of the Mortgaged Property. 
"Insolvency Event" means, with respect to Crelan SA/NV, the occurrence of any of the following events: 
(a)
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(b)
admits in writing its inability generally to pay its debts as they become due; 
(c)
makes a general assignment, arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors; 
(d)
institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with 
primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its 
incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, a proceeding seeking 
a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency 
law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up 
or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official; 
(e)
has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any 
other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' 
rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and, in the case of any such 
proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, such proceeding or petition is instituted 
or presented by a person or entity not described in paragraph (d) above and: 
(i)
results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or 
the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation; or 
(ii)
is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within 30 days of the 
institution or presentation thereof; 
(f)
has a resolution passed for its winding-up, official management or liquidation (other than 
pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger);

--- Page 165 ---
- 165 - 
(g)
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, 
conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially 
all its assets; 
(h)
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, 
attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or 
substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is 
not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within 30 days thereafter; 
(i)
becomes subject of any resolution measure provided for under Book II, Title VIII of the Belgian 
Act of 25 April 2014 on the status and the supervision of credit institutions; 
(j)
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any 
jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (a) to (i) above; 
or 
(k)
takes any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, 
any of the foregoing acts. 
"Insurance" or "Insurance Polic(y)(ies)" means any and all Hazard Insurance Polic(y)(ies) or Life Insurance 
Polic(y)(ies)(s) in so far as it relates to any Loans. 
"Insurance Company" means any insurance company granting a Hazard Insurance (in respect of a Mortgaged 
Property) or a Life Insurance (in respect of a Loan). 
"Lender" means Crelan Home Loan SCF, in its capacity as lender pursuant to the terms of the Facility Agreement. 
"Life Insurance" or "Life Insurance Policy" means an insurance policy which provides for the payment of a 
fixed amount for repayment of the Outstanding Balance of the relevant Loan upon the death of a Debtor. 
"Loan(s)" means any loan receivables secured by a mortgage on a property situated in Belgium. 
"Loan Documents" means in respect of a particular Loan, the completed loan documents and ancillary documents 
in respect of a Loan which set out the terms and conditions of the Loan, the Loan Security and the Additional 
Security. 
"Loan Security" means in respect of any Loan, any Mortgage(s) or mortgage mandate(s) and all rights, title, 
interest and benefit relating to any payments under Insurance Policies, any guarantee provided for such Loan, any 
assignment of salaries (loonsoverdracht/cession délégation de salaire) that the Debtor may earn and any other 
type of Security granted in respect of the Loan. 
"Master Definitions and Construction Agreement" means the master definitions and construction agreement 
entered on 27 November 2017 between Crelan Home Loan SCF (formerly Axa Bank Europe SCF) (as Issuer, 
Lender and Secured Party) and Crelan SA/NV (formerly Axa Bank Belgium) (as Administrator, Borrower, Pledgor 
and Facility Calculation Agent), as the same may be amended, varied or supplemented from time to time. 
"Mortgage" means mortgage (hypotheek/hypothèque) as such term is construed under Belgian law. 
"Mortgage Loan Sale Agreement" or "MLSA" means the mortgage loan sale agreement entered on 27 November 
2017 between the Purchaser and the Seller, as amended from time to time. 
"Mortgaged Property" means a real property located in Belgium over which there is a Mortgage securing a Loan. 
"Mortgage Registration Office" means the office (hypotheekkantoor/bureau des hypothèques) where mortgages 
are or, are to be, registered in accordance with the Belgian Mortgage Act. 
"Non-Compliance with Asset Cover Test" means the Asset Cover Test Ratio being less than one (1).

--- Page 166 ---
- 166 - 
"Outstanding Balance" means the balance of a Loan outstanding at a particular time (and in respect of a Defaulted 
Loan, as of the time such Loan has become defaulted). 
"Permitted Variation" means a Variation which complies with the following conditions: 
(a)
the Variation will not provide for a full or partial release of the Mortgage; 
(b)
 the Variation will not provide for a reduction of the Outstanding Balance of the Loan otherwise 
than as a result of an effective payment of principal; 
(c)
the Variation will not provide for any non-contractual maturity extensions on Loans; 
(d)
the Variation will not provide for any change in the fixed interest rate in respect of a Loan; and  
(e)
the Variation will not imply that the Loan would no longer comply with the Eligibility Criteria. 
"Pledge Certificate" means the pledge certificate delivered by the Pledgor to the Secured Party on the relevant 
Collateral Effective Date containing a description and identification of the Eligible Collateral Assets that are 
pledged on such date and certifying, in particular, that such Eligible Collateral Assets to be pledged qualify as 
Eligible Collateral Assets. 
"Pledgor" means Crelan SA/NV, in its capacity as pledgor under the Collateral Security Agreements. 
“Portfolio” means the whole or part of the aggregate of all Loans that have been purchased by the Issuer pursuant 
to the MLSA and are at the relevant time still owned by the Purchaser. 
“Pre-Maturity Reserve” means the pre-maturity reserve funded by Crelan SA/NV upon the occurrence of certain 
trigger events in accordance with, and subject to the terms of, the Cash Advance Agreement. 
"Prepayment" means any voluntary payment of principal on any Loan prior to its scheduled due date in 
accordance with the provisions for prepayments provided for in the relevant Loan Documents. 
"Prepayment Penalty" means, in respect of the Collateral Security Agreements, any penalty due in the event of 
a Prepayment. 
"Programme Documents" means: 
(a)
the Terms and Conditions; 
(b)
the Agency Agreement; 
(c)
the Dealer Agreement; 
(d)
the Facility Documents; 
(e)
the Purchase Documents; 
(f)
the Cash Advance Agreement; 
(g)
the Administrative Agreement; 
(h)
the Management and Recovery Agreement; 
(i)
as the case may be, any Term Loan Agreement(s), if any; and 
(j)
as the case may be, any Hedging Agreement(s), if any; 
"Purchase" means each sale and purchase of Loans under the MLSA.

--- Page 167 ---
- 167 - 
"Purchase Date" means the date designated in the Bordereau governed by Articles L.513-13 and R.513-12 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) substantially in the form contained in the 
MLSA for each Purchase and transfer of the property on the Loans. 
"Purchase Documents" means the Mortgage Loan Sale Agreement, the Servicing Agreement, the Purchase 
Master Definitions and Construction Agreement and the Administrative Agreement. 
"Purchase Master Definitions and Construction Agreement" means the purchase master definitions and 
construction agreement entered on 27 November 2017 between Crelan Home Loan SCF (formerly Axa Bank 
Europe SCF) (as Purchaser) and Crelan SA/NV (formerly Axa Bank Belgium) (as Seller, Servicer and 
Administrator), as the same may be amended, varied or supplemented from time to time. 
"Purchaser" means Crelan Home Loan SCF, in its capacity as purchaser pursuant to the terms of the MLSA. 
"Secured Liabilities" means, pursuant to the Collateral Security Agreements, all and any amounts (whether in 
principal, interest, fees, indemnities or guarantees) owed by the Pledgor under the Programme Documents, whether 
present or future. 
"Secured Party" means Crelan Home Loan SCF, pursuant to the terms of the Collateral Security Agreements. 
"Seller" means Crelan SA/NV, in its capacity as seller pursuant to the terms of the MLSA. 
"Servicer" means Crelan SA/NV in its capacity as servicer pursuant to the terms of the Collateral Servicing 
Agreement and the Servicing Agreement. 
"Servicer Rating Trigger Event" means the long-term senior unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt 
obligations of the Servicer is rated below Baa3 by Moody’s or is not rated. 
"Servicing Agreement" means the servicing agreement entered on 27 November 2017 between the Purchaser, the 
Servicer, the Administrator and the Seller, as amended from time to time. 
"Stop Payment Event" means, in respect of the Cash Advance Agreement, the event where one or both of the 
following events occur and it has not been remedied on or before the twentieth (20th) calendar day immediately 
following the date on which such event occurred:  
(a)
Crelan SA/NV fails to make a cash advance in accordance with the Cash Advance Agreement; 
and/or  
(b)
any of the Pre-Maturity Reserve or the Collection Loss Reserve is not funded up to the relevant 
required amount for each such reserve as set out in the Cash Advance Agreement, 
provided that if an Insolvency Event occurs in respect of Crelan SA/NV, such grace period shall not apply. 
"Transaction Account" means, in respect of the Purchase Documents, a bank account held by the Purchaser on 
which the collections are credited from the Collection Account. 
"Variation" means any variation, amendment or waiver of the terms or conditions of, or in relation to, a Loan or 
any rights in relation thereto.

--- Page 168 ---
- 168 - 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
€STR ................................................................. 34, 54, 65 
€STR Index Cessation Effective Date ........................... 66 
€STR Index Cessation Event ......................................... 65 
€STR Observation Look-Back Period ........................... 66 
€STRi-pTBD ..................................................................... 65 
2006 ISDA Definitions .................................................. 51 
2020 Terms and Conditions .......................................... 42 
2021 ISDA Definitions .................................................. 51 
2021 Terms and Conditions .......................................... 42 
2022 Annual Report ...................................................... 42 
2022 Terms and Conditions .......................................... 42 
2023 Annual Report ...................................................... 42 
2023 Terms and Conditions .......................................... 42 
2024 Half-Year Financial Report .................................. 42 
2024 Terms and Conditions .......................................... 42 
30/360 ........................................................................... 53 
30/360-FBF ................................................................... 53 
30E/360 ......................................................................... 53 
30E/360-FBF ................................................................. 54 
30E/360-ISDA............................................................... 54 
360/360 ......................................................................... 53 
A/360............................................................................. 52 
A/365 (Fixed) ................................................................ 52 
A/365 F ......................................................................... 52 
Account Holder ............................................................. 48 
Accounting Records ............................................ 128, 161 
ACSA .......................................................................... 117 
Act/360 .......................................................................... 52 
Act/365 (Fixed) ............................................................. 52 
Act/Act .......................................................................... 52 
Act/Act-ICMA .............................................................. 52 
Act/Act-ISDA ............................................................... 52 
Actual 30A/360 (American Bond Basis) ....................... 53 
Actual/360 ..................................................................... 52 
Actual/365 (Fixed) ........................................................ 52 
Actual/365-FBF............................................................. 52 
Actual/Actual ................................................................ 52 
Actual/Actual-FBF ........................................................ 52 
Actual/Actual-ICMA ..................................................... 52 
Actual/Actual-ISDA ...................................................... 52 
Additional Security ............................................. 115, 161 
Adjusted Payment Date ................................................. 78 
Adjustment Spread ........................................................ 68 
Administrative Services Agreements ............................ 20 
Administrator .............................................. 107, 109, 161 
Advance .............................................................. 109, 161 
Agency Agreement ........................................................ 47 
Agent ............................................................................. 58 
Aggregate Collateral Security Amount ............... 117, 161 
All Sums Mortgage ............................................... 92, 161 
Alternative Rate ............................................................ 68 
Amending Regulation ................................................... 33 
an offer of Notes to the public ............................. 154, 156 
Asset Contractual Documentation ....................... 120, 161 
Asset Cover Ratio ....................................................... 117 
Asset Cover Test ................................................. 117, 161 
Asset Cover Test Date ......................................... 117, 161 
Asset Report ........................................................ 122, 131 
Asset Report Date ....................................................... 131 
Automatic Change of Interest Basis ........................ 14, 70 
Automatic Switch Date ................................................. 70 
Automatic Switch Date ................................................. 14 
Bail-in Tool ............................................................. 37, 98 
Bank .............................................................................. 78 
Bank Rate...................................................................... 62 
Base Prospectus ...................................................... 1, 137 
Basel III ...................................................................... 100 
Belgian Collateral Security Agreement ............... 112, 161 
Belgian Economic Code................................................ 26 
Belgian Financial Collateral Act ........................... 27, 161 
Belgian Insurance Act ............................................. 24, 93 
Belgian Mobilisation Act ........................................ 24, 91 
Belgian Mortgage Act ........................................... 91, 161 
Belgian Salary Protection Act ....................................... 92 
Benchmark .............................................................. 51, 69 
Benchmark Amendments .............................................. 67 
Benchmark Event .......................................................... 68 
Benchmarks Regulation .................................. 32, 69, 150 
Board .......................................................................... 104 
Bond Basis .................................................................... 53 
Book Value ......................................................... 125, 161 
Borrower ............................................................. 109, 162 
Breach of Asset Cover Test ................................ 118, 162 
Broken Amount ............................................................. 57 
BRRD ..................................................................... 37, 98 
Business Centre(s) ........................................................ 51 
business day .................................................................. 78 
Business Day......................................................... 51, 139 
C Rules ......................................................................... 16 
Calculation Agent ............................................. 47, 58, 59 
Calculation Period ................................................... 52, 59 
Cash Advance Agreement ........................................... 162 
Clearstream ......................................................... 1, 48, 84 
CLTCV ............................................................... 114, 162 
CLTM ................................................................. 114, 162 
CMS Rate................................................................ 32, 51 
CMS Reference Banks .................................................. 52 
COBS .......................................................................... 135 
Code .................................................................. 16, 77, 84 
Collateral Directive ............................................... 28, 162 
Collateral Effective Date ..................................... 115, 162 
Collateral Security .............................................. 113, 162 
Collateral Security Agreements .......................... 112, 162 
Collateral Security Asset Net Values .................. 117, 162 
Collateral Security Assets ................................... 113, 162 
Collateral Servicing Agreement ...................116, 120, 162 
Collection Account ............................................. 120, 162 
Collection Loss Reserve.............................................. 162 
Collection Loss Reserve Required Amount .......... 19, 163 
Collection Loss Reserve Trigger Event ................ 19, 163 
Collective Decisions ............................................... 39, 79 
Common Depositary ..................................................... 84 
Compounded Daily ....................................................... 61 
Compounded Daily SONIA .......................................... 61 
Compounding with Lockout ......................................... 59 
Compounding with Lookback ....................................... 59 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift ............... 59 
Conditions ............................................................. 47, 137 
Construction Loan ............................................... 115, 163 
Contract Records ................................................. 120, 163 
Contractual Overcollateralisation Percentage ..... 117, 163 
Couponholders .............................................................. 47 
Coupons ........................................................................ 47 
Covered Bonds Directive .............................................. 87

--- Page 169 ---
- 169 - 
CRA Regulation ...................................................... 1, 148 
CRBF ............................................................................ 30 
CRD ............................................................................ 100 
CRD IV-Package ......................................................... 100 
CRD Revision ............................................................. 100 
CRD V ........................................................................ 100 
Crelan Group ............................................................... 102 
Crelan SA/NV ............................................................... 98 
CRR............................................................................. 100 
CRR II ......................................................................... 100 
CRR Revision ............................................................. 100 
CSSF ......................................................................... 1, 42 
Current Property Value ....................................... 115, 163 
Cut-Off Date ....................................................... 124, 163 
CVA ............................................................................ 100 
d .............................................................................. 61, 64 
D Rules .......................................................................... 16 
Day Count Fraction ....................................................... 52 
Dealer Agreement ....................................................... 153 
Dealers .................................................................. 11, 153 
Debtor ................................................................. 115, 163 
Default Interest .................................................... 115, 163 
Defaulted Loan .................................................... 115, 163 
Definitive Materialised Notes.............................. 1, 48, 84 
Delayed Payment, Designated Maturity, Effective Date 59 
Delinquent Loan .................................................. 116, 163 
Dematerialised Notes .......................................... 1, 14, 47 
Designated Maturity ...................................................... 58 
Determination Date ....................................................... 52 
Determination Period .................................................... 52 
distributor ............................................................ 6, 7, 134 
Distributor ................................................................... 135 
do ............................................................................ 61, 64 
Drawdown Request ............................................. 109, 163 
DTI ...................................................................... 116, 163 
EC ................................................................................. 49 
ECB €STR Guideline .................................................... 65 
ECB Recommended Rate .............................................. 64 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date
 ...................................................................................... 65 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event ......... 64 
EDFR ............................................................................ 65 
EDFR Spread ................................................................ 65 
EEA ..................................................... 1, 47, 87, 134, 154 
Effective Date.......................................................... 54, 59 
Electronic Consent ........................................................ 80 
Eligibility Criteria ....................................................... 113 
Eligible Collateral Assets .................................... 113, 163 
EMU .............................................................................. 49 
Enforcement Notice............................................. 112, 163 
ESG Risks ................................................................... 100 
ESMA ............................................................................. 1 
EU ................................................................................. 87 
EU MiFID II ............................................................ 1, 134 
EU MiFID Product Governance Rules ............................ 6 
EURIBOR ............................................................... 32, 51 
Euro Zone ...................................................................... 54 
Eurobond Basis ............................................................. 53 
Euroclear ............................................................. 1, 48, 84 
EUWA ......................................................... 1, 6, 134, 135 
Event of Default .......................................................... 110 
Exchange Date ...................................................... 84, 146 
Exercise Notice ............................................................. 74 
Extended Maturity Date .......................................... 12, 72 
Facility Agreement .............................................. 109, 164 
Facility Calculation Agent................................... 109, 164 
Facility Commitment........................................... 109, 164 
Facility Documents ............................................. 109, 164 
FATCA ................................................................... 39, 74 
FBF Definitions ............................................................ 54 
FBF Master Agreement ................................................. 54 
FBF Rate ....................................................................... 57 
Febelfin ....................................................................... 124 
Federation ................................................................... 102 
Final Redemption Amount ............................................ 72 
Final Terms ..................................................1, 11, 47, 137 
Final Terms of Advance .............................................. 109 
Financial Centre(s) ........................................................ 78 
Fiscal Agent .................................................................. 47 
Fixed Coupon Amount .................................................. 57 
Fixed Rate Notes ........................................................... 48 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes ............................................ 48 
Fixing Day .................................................................... 59 
Floating Rate ........................................................... 58, 59 
Floating Rate Business Day Convention ....................... 57 
Floating Rate Determination Date ................................ 58 
Floating Rate Notes....................................................... 48 
Floating Rate Option ............................................... 58, 59 
Following Business Day Convention ............................ 57 
French Collateral Security Agreement ................ 112, 164 
FSMA ..........................................................102, 109, 156 
Further Loan ....................................................... 116, 164 
General Meeting ..................................................... 39, 79 
Hazard Insurance ................................................ 116, 164 
Hazard Insurance Policy ..................................... 116, 164 
holder of any Note ........................................................ 49 
i ....................................................................... 61, 66, 117 
Independent Adviser ..................................................... 69 
Ineligible Collateral Asset ........................................... 115 
Insolvency Event ................................................. 110, 164 
Instalment Notes ........................................................... 48 
Insurance ............................................................. 116, 165 
Insurance Company ............................................ 116, 165 
Insurance Polic(y)(ies) ........................................ 116, 165 
Interest Accrual Period ................................................. 54 
Interest Amount ............................................................ 55 
Interest Commencement Date ....................................... 55 
Interest Determination Date .......................................... 55 
Interest Payment Date ................................................... 55 
Interest Period ............................................................... 55 
Interest Period Date....................................................... 55 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes .......................................... 48 
Investor's Currency ....................................................... 41 
IRBA ........................................................................... 100 
ISDA ............................................................................. 13 
ISDA Rate ..................................................................... 58 
Issuer ......................................................................... 1, 47 
Issuer Change of Interest Basis ............................... 13, 70 
LEI .............................................................................. 159 
Lender ................................................................. 109, 165 
Life Insurance ..................................................... 116, 165 
Life Insurance Policy .......................................... 116, 165 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio ............................................ 100 
Loan Documents ................................................. 128, 165 
Loan Security ...................................................... 116, 165 
Loan(s) ................................................................ 116, 165 
local time ...................................................................... 56 
Lockout ......................................................................... 59 
Lock-out Period ............................................................ 61 
Lockout Period Business Day ....................................... 59 
Lockout, Lookback ....................................................... 59 
London Business Day ................................................... 61 
Lookback ...................................................................... 59 
Lookback Period ........................................................... 61

--- Page 170 ---
- 170 - 
Luxembourg Prospectus Act ........................................... 1 
Management and Recovery Agreement................. 20, 106 
Margin ........................................................................... 55 
Masse ...................................................................... 14, 78 
Master Definitions and Construction Agreement ........ 165 
Materialised Notes .............................................. 1, 14, 47 
Maturity Date ................................................................ 11 
Maturity Extension Trigger Events ............................... 72 
Minimum Rate of Interest ............................................. 70 
MLSA ................................................................. 124, 165 
Mobilisation Institution ........................................... 24, 91 
Modified EDFR ............................................................. 66 
Modified Following Business Day Convention............. 57 
Moody's ............................................................. 1, 15, 112 
Mortgage ............................................................. 116, 165 
Mortgage Loan Sale Agreement .......................... 124, 165 
Mortgage Mandate .................................................. 24, 91 
Mortgage Registration Office .............................. 116, 165 
Mortgaged Property............................................. 116, 165 
MREL ..................................................................... 37, 99 
Net Stable Funding Ratio ............................................ 100 
ni ............................................................................. 61, 66 
Non-Compliance with Asset Cover Test ............. 117, 165 
Non-Permitted Variation ............................................. 126 
Noteholder ..................................................................... 49 
Notes ............................................................. 1, 11, 47, 82 
Notification Event ............................................... 118, 129 
Observation Lookback Period ....................................... 61 
Observation Period ........................................................ 66 
Observation Period Shift ............................................... 59 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Day ....... 59 
OC% ............................................................................ 117 
offer ..................................................................... 155, 156 
OIS Compounding ........................................................ 59 
Optional Redemption Amount ...................................... 73 
Original Reference Rate ................................................ 69 
outstanding .................................................................... 55 
Outstanding Balance ........................................... 116, 166 
Overnight Floating Rate Option .................................... 60 
p .............................................................................. 61, 66 
Page ............................................................................... 55 
Paying Agents ............................................................... 47 
Period End Date ............................................................ 60 
Permanent Dealers ................................................ 11, 153 
Permitted Variation ............................................. 121, 166 
pLBD............................................................................. 62 
Pledge Certificate ................................................ 117, 166 
Pledgor ................................................................ 112, 166 
Portfolio .............................................................. 126, 166 
Preceding Business Day Convention ............................. 57 
Pre-Maturity Reserve .................................................. 166 
Pre-Maturity Reserve Required Amount ....................... 19 
Pre-Maturity Reserve Test Period ................................. 19 
Pre-Maturity Reserve Trigger Event ............................. 19 
Prepayment .......................................................... 121, 166 
Prepayment Penalty ............................................. 121, 166 
PRIIPs Regulation ................................................... 6, 134 
Primary Source .............................................................. 55 
Principal Financial Centre ............................................. 60 
Privilège .................................................................... 1, 50 
Programme ................................................................ 1, 11 
Programme Documents ............................................... 166 
Prospectus Regulation ....................... 1, 48, 134, 137, 154 
Purchase .............................................................. 124, 166 
Purchase Date ...................................................... 124, 167 
Purchase Documents ........................................... 124, 167 
Purchase Master Definitions and Construction Agreement
 .................................................................................... 167 
Purchaser............................................................. 124, 167 
Rate of Interest .............................................................. 55 
RD ................................................................................. 26 
Receiptholders .............................................................. 47 
Receipts......................................................................... 47 
Redenomination Date .................................................... 49 
Reference Banks ............................................55, 141, 142 
Reference Day............................................................... 61 
Registration Agent ........................................................ 47 
Regulated Market ...................................................... 1, 47 
Regulation 99-10 of the CRBF ..................................... 30 
Regulation S .................................................................... 4 
Relevant Date ................................................................ 56 
Relevant Financial Centre ............................................. 56 
Relevant Nominating Body ........................................... 69 
Relevant Rate ................................................................ 56 
Relevant Swap Rate ...................................................... 56 
Relevant Time ............................................................... 56 
Representative ......................................................... 14, 79 
Representative Amount ................................................. 56 
Repurchase Date in case of Breach ............................. 125 
Repurchase Date in case of Non-Permitted Variation . 126 
Repurchase Price in case of Breach ............................ 125 
Repurchase Price in case of Non-Permitted Variation 126 
Reset Date ............................................................... 58, 59 
Resolution Authority ............................................... 37, 98 
Responsible Person ......................................................... 9 
retail investor ...................................................... 155, 156 
RWAs ......................................................................... 100 
Screen Rate Determination – €STR .............................. 63 
Screen Rate Determination – CMS Rate ....................... 63 
Screen Rate Determination – SONIA ........................... 60 
Screen Rate Determination-IBOR ................................. 60 
Secured Liabilities .............................................. 113, 167 
Secured Party ...................................................... 112, 167 
Securities Act .................................................................. 4 
Seller ................................................................... 124, 167 
Series ...................................................................... 11, 47 
Servicer ............................................................... 120, 167 
Servicer Rating Trigger Event ............................ 123, 167 
Services ............................................................... 121, 131 
Servicing Agreement .......................................... 130, 167 
Servicing Termination Event .............................. 123, 132 
Set in Advance .............................................................. 60 
SONIA .................................................................... 34, 51 
SONIA i ........................................................................ 61 
SONIA Rate .................................................................. 62 
SONIAi-pLBD .............................................................. 62 
Specified Currency.................................................. 41, 56 
Specified Denomination(s) ........................................... 48 
Specified Duration ........................................................ 56 
Specified Time .............................................................. 56 
SRM Regulation ..................................................... 37, 98 
Stabilisation Manager(s) ................................................. 5 
Stop Payment Event ............................................ 111, 167 
Successor Rate .............................................................. 69 
Swap Transaction .................................................... 58, 60 
Switch Date ................................................................... 70 
Switch Date ................................................................... 13 
T2 .................................................................................. 51 
T2 Business Day ........................................................... 51 
Talons ........................................................................... 47 
TEFRA .......................................................................... 16 
Temporary Global Certificate ................................... 1, 84 
Termination Date .......................................................... 59 
Tranche ................................................................... 11, 47

--- Page 171 ---
- 171 - 
Transaction Account ........................................... 128, 167 
Treaty ............................................................................ 49 
UK ....................................................................... 4, 6, 134 
UK BMR ............................................................. 150, 159 
UK CRA Regulation ............................................... 1, 148 
UK MiFIR ................................................................... 135 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules .................... 7, 135 
UK PRIIPs Regulation ............................................ 6, 134 
UK Prospectus Regulation .......................................... 156 
unit ................................................................................ 71 
Variation ............................................................. 121, 167 
Website of the European Central Bank ......................... 66 
Weighted Average ........................................................ 61 
Weighted Average SONIA ........................................... 62 
Written Majority Decision ...................................... 39, 79 
Written Majority Decision Date .................................... 80 
Written Unanimous Decision .................................. 39, 79 
Zero Coupon Notes ....................................................... 48

--- Page 172 ---
- 172 - 
Issuer 
Crelan Home Loan SCF
26, rue Cambacérès
75008, Paris
France
Arranger
BNP PARIBAS
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Permanent Dealers
BNP PARIBAS
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
12, place des Etats-Unis
CS 70052
92547 Montrouge Cedex
France
HSBC Continental Europe
38, avenue Kléber
75116 Paris
France
ING Bank N.V.
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam
The Netherlands
NATIXIS
7 promenade Germaine Sablon
75013 Paris
France
Société Générale
29, boulevard Haussmann
75009 Paris
France
Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying Agent and Calculation Agent
BNP PARIBAS 
acting though its securities services business
Les Grands Moulins de Pantin
9, rue du Débarcadère 
93500 Pantin
Luxembourg Listing Agent
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch 
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg

--- Page 173 ---
- 173 - 
Auditors to the Issuer
Ernst & Young et Autres
Tour First
TSA 14444
92037 Paris-La Défense cedex
France
Denjean & Associés Audit
19 rue de Presbourg
75116 Paris 
France
Specific Controller to the Issuer
Cailliau Dedouit et Associés
19, rue Clément Marot
75008 Paris
France
Legal Advisers
To the Issuer
To the Permanent Dealers
Hogan Lovells (Paris) LLP
17, avenue Matignon
CS 30027
75008 Paris
France
Gide Loyrette Nouel A.A.R.P.I.
15, rue de Laborde
75008 Paris
France