--- Page 1 ---
CRH Finance DAC
(incorporated with limited liability in Ireland with registered number 50074)
CRH Funding B.V.
(incorporated with limited liability in The Netherlands with registered number 57502536)
CRH SMW Finance DAC
(incorporated with limited liability in Ireland with registered number 648773)
€8,000,000,000
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by
CRH plc
(incorporated with limited liability in Ireland with registered number 12965)
Under this €8,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme), CRH Finance DAC (an Issuer or CRH Finance), CRH Funding B.V. (an Issuer or 
CRH Funding B.V.) and CRH SMW Finance DAC (an Issuer or CRH SMW) (together, the Issuers) may from time to time issue notes (the Notes) denominated in any 
currency agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below).
The payments of all amounts due in respect of the Notes will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by CRH plc (the Guarantor or CRH).
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €8,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described herein.
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “Overview of the Programme” and any additional Dealer appointed under 
the Programme from time to time by the relevant Issuer (each a Dealer and together the Dealers), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. 
References in this base prospectus (the Base Prospectus) to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more 
than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes.
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see “Risk Factors”.
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland (the Central Bank), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the Central Bank should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuers or the Guarantor or of the 
quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be 
admitted to trading on the regulated market (the Market) of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) or other regulated markets for the 
purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II) and/or that are to be offered to the public in any member state of the European Economic Area (the EEA) in 
circumstances that require the publication of a prospectus.
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes issued under the Programme within 12 months of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to its official list (the 
Official List) and trading on the Market. The Market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. Application may be made to list Swiss Notes issued under the 
Programme on the SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd (the SIX Swiss Exchange). The Central Bank is not the competent authority to approve this document in relation to the Swiss 
Notes (as defined herein). Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading may also be issued.
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading 
on a regulated market in the EEA. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does 
not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 
1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation.
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and any other terms and conditions not contained 
herein which are applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) of Notes will be set out in a final terms document (the Final Terms) 
which, with respect to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin will be filed with the Central Bank or, in respect of Notes to be listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange, will be filed 
with the SIX Swiss Exchange.
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer. The relevant Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any 
market. The Programme has been rated BBB+ by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P) and Baa1 by Moody's Deutschland GmbH (Moody’s).
S&P and Moody’s are established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation). As such, S&P and Moody’s are
included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website (at https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-
rating-agencies/cra-authorisation ) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. S&P and Moody’s are not established in the United Kingdom (UK) and accordingly the ratings 
of S&P and Moody’s have been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited and Moody’s Investors Service Limited respectively in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA) (the UK CRA Regulation) and have not been withdrawn. 
S&P Global Ratings UK Limited and Moody’s Investors Service Limited are established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, the ratings 
issued by S&P and Moody’s may be used for regulatory purposes in the UK in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated by a rating agency. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms and 
will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme by S&P or Moody’s. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Arranger
NatWest Markets
Dealers
Bank of China
Barclays
BNP PARIBAS
BofA Securities
Citigroup
Danske Bank
HSBC
ING
J.P. Morgan
KBC Bank
Mizuho
NatWest Markets 
Santander Corporate & Investment Banking 
SMBC
Société Générale Corporate & Investment 
Banking 
Standard Chartered Bank 
TD Securities 
UBS Investment Bank
UniCredit
Wells Fargo Securities 
Base Prospectus dated 14 August 2024.

--- Page 2 ---
1
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in relation to each Issuer for the purposes of 
Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. When used in this Base Prospectus, Prospectus Regulation
means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.
CRH Finance accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus with the 
exception of the information in the sections entitled “Description of CRH Funding B.V.”, “Description of 
CRH SMW Finance DAC” and any other information in respect of CRH Funding B.V. or CRH SMW. 
To the best of the knowledge of CRH Finance the information contained in this Base Prospectus in 
respect of which it accepts responsibility is in accordance with the facts and this Base Prospectus 
makes no omission likely to affect the import of such information.
CRH Funding B.V. accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus with 
the exception of the information in the sections entitled “Description of CRH Finance DAC”, 
“Description of CRH SMW Finance DAC” and any other information in respect of CRH Finance or 
CRH SMW. To the best of the knowledge of CRH Funding B.V. the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus in respect of which it accepts responsibility is in accordance with the facts and this Base 
Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect the import of such information.
CRH SMW accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus with the 
exception of the information in the sections entitled “Description of CRH Finance DAC”, “Description 
of CRH Funding B.V.” and any other information in respect of CRH Finance or CRH Funding B.V. To 
the best of the knowledge of CRH SMW the information contained in this Base Prospectus in respect 
of which it accepts responsibility is in accordance with the facts and this Base Prospectus makes no 
omission likely to affect the import of such information.
CRH plc accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best of 
the knowledge of CRH plc the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the 
facts and this Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect the import of such information.
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated herein by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). This Base 
Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated in and 
form part of this Base Prospectus.
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base 
Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or 
approved by the Central Bank.
Neither the Dealers nor the Trustee (as defined below) have independently verified the information 
contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is 
made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealers or the Trustee (i) as to the accuracy 
or completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other 
information provided by any Issuer or the Guarantor in connection with the Programme or (ii) for any 
acts or omissions of any Issuer or the Guarantor or any other person in connection with this Base 
Prospectus or the issue and offering of Notes under the Programme. None of the Dealers or the 
Trustee accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by any Issuer or the Guarantor in connection 
with the Programme.
No person is or has been authorised by any Issuer, the Guarantor or the Trustee to give any 
information or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base 
Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if

--- Page 3 ---
2
given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised 
by any Issuer, the Guarantor, any of the Dealers or the Trustee.
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
any Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be 
considered as a recommendation by any Issuer, the Guarantor, any of the Dealers or the Trustee that 
any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any 
Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its 
own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor. Neither this Base 
Prospectus, nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme, nor the issue of 
any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of any Issuer or the Guarantor or any of the 
Dealers or the Trustee to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes.
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning any Issuer and/or the 
Guarantor is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied 
in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the 
document containing the same. The Dealers and the Trustee expressly do not undertake to review 
the financial condition or affairs of any Issuer or the Guarantor during the life of the Programme or to 
advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming to their attention.
None of the Issuers are or will be regulated by the Central Bank as a result of issuing any Notes. Any 
investment in the Notes does not have the status of a bank deposit and is not within the scope of the 
deposit protection scheme operated by the Central Bank.
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA
Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in 
point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97
(the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation.
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, 
a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution 
Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the

--- Page 4 ---
3
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE AND TARGET MARKET
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules.
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE AND TARGET MARKET
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration 
the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK Financial Conduct Authority 
(FCA) Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any 
Notes in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such 
jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted 
by law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuers, the Guarantor, the Dealers and the Trustee do not 
represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully 
offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, 
or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any 
such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuers, the Guarantor, the 
Dealers or the Trustee which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this 
Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes 
may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement 
or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under 
circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into 
whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and 
observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of 
Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or

--- Page 5 ---
4
sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA (including Ireland, The Netherlands and Belgium), the UK,
Japan, Hong Kong, the PRC (as defined below), Singapore and Switzerland, see “Subscription and 
Sale”.
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes 
must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each 
potential investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other 
professional advisers, whether it:
(i)
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement;
(ii)
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on 
its overall investment portfolio;
(iii)
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from 
the potential investor's currency;
(iv)
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial 
markets; and
(v)
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may 
affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks.
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities.
Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) 
Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing 
and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should 
consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of 
Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.
The Notes and the Guarantee (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) have not been 
and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities 
Act), and the Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes 
may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons (see “Subscription and Sale”).
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION
All references in this document to U.S. dollars, U.S.$ and $ refer to United States dollars. All 
references to Sterling, GBP and £ refer to pounds sterling. All references to RMB, CNY or Renminbi 
refer to the currency of the PRC. All references to CHF refer to Swiss Francs. In addition, all 
references to euro and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as 
amended.
All references in this Base Prospectus to PRC are to the People’s Republic of China, which for the 
purpose of this Base Prospectus shall exclude the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the 
People’s Republic of China, the Macao Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of 
China and Taiwan.

--- Page 6 ---
5
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms 
have been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed 
to them under applicable law.
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a 
law is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted.
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This Base Prospectus, which includes the documents incorporated by reference, contains statements 
that are, or may be deemed to be, forward-looking statements with respect to the financial condition, 
results of operations, business, viability and future performance of CRH and certain of the plans and 
objectives of CRH. These forward-looking statements may generally, but not always, be identified by 
the use of words such as "will", "anticipates", "should", “could”, “would”, “targets”, “aims”, “may”, 
“continues”, "expects", "is expected to", "estimates", "believes", "intends" or similar expressions. 
These forward-looking statements include all matters that are not historical facts or matters of fact at 
the date of this Base Prospectus. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and 
uncertainty because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in 
the future and reflect CRH's current expectations and assumptions as to such future events and 
circumstances that may not prove accurate. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on 
any forward-looking statements. A number of material factors could cause actual results and 
developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking 
statements, including those discussed under the heading "Risk Factors" in this Base Prospectus.
Any forward-looking statements made by CRH or on its behalf speak only as of the date they are 
made. CRH expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to publicly update or revise these 
forward-looking statements other than as required by applicable law.
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES
Certain alternative performance measures (APMs) as described in the ESMA Guidelines on 
Alternative Performance Measures (the ESMA Guidelines) published on 5 October 2015 by the 
ESMA and which came into force on 3 July 2016 are included or referred to in this Base Prospectus. 
APMs are non-GAAP measures, but are derived from the financial statements prepared in 
accordance with U.S. GAAP (as defined herein). The Issuers and the Guarantor consider that these 
measures provide useful information to enhance the understanding of financial position and 
performance. The APMs should be viewed as complementary to, rather than a substitute for, the 
information presented in the financial statements incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
An explanation of each such APM’s components and calculation method can be found at pages xi to 
xiii (incorporated by reference herein) of the CRH plc 2023 Annual Report and Form 10-K.
BENCHMARKS REGULATION
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes issued under the Programme may be calculated by 
reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR), the Euro Short-Term Rate (€STR), the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) or the Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, European Money 
Markets Institute (as administrator of EURIBOR) is included in ESMA's register of administrators 
under Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation). As far as the 
Issuers are aware, €STR, SONIA and SOFR do not fall within the scope of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of that regulation.

--- Page 7 ---
6
SECTION 309B NOTIFICATION
In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as amended or 
modified from time to time, the SFA) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018), the Issuers have, unless otherwise 
specified before an offer of Notes, determined the classification of all Notes issued or to be issued 
under the Programme as prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 
2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale 
of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products).

--- Page 8 ---
7
STABILISATION
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as 
the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in 
the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to 
supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise 
prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin 
on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no 
later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 
days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action 
or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) 
acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s), in accordance with all applicable laws and 
rules.

--- Page 9 ---
8
CONTENTS
Clause
Page
Overview of the Programme ...................................................................................................................9
Risk Factors ..........................................................................................................................................14
Documents Incorporated by Reference ................................................................................................36
Form of the Notes..................................................................................................................................38
Applicable Final Terms..........................................................................................................................42
Terms and Conditions of the Notes.......................................................................................................59
Use of Proceeds..................................................................................................................................109
Description of CRH Finance DAC.......................................................................................................110
Description of CRH Funding B.V.........................................................................................................112
Description of CRH SMW Finance DAC .............................................................................................114
Description of CRH plc........................................................................................................................116
Taxation...............................................................................................................................................126
Subscription and Sale .........................................................................................................................133
General Information.............................................................................................................................140

--- Page 10 ---
9
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in 
its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and 
conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. The relevant Issuer, 
the Guarantor and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other 
than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which event, in the case of listed Notes 
only and if appropriate, a supplemental Base Prospectus will be published.
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (the Delegated Regulation).
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall 
have the same meanings in this Overview.
Issuers:
CRH Finance DAC
CRH Funding B.V.
CRH SMW Finance DAC
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI):
CRH Finance DAC: 549300C4ROP5J6I59W35
CRH Funding B.V.: 549300XYDB6706OPOS81
CRH SMW Finance DAC: 54930044475SH442C864
Issuer website:
https://www.crh.com
Guarantor:
CRH plc
Guarantor LEI:
549300MIDJNNTH068E74
Description:
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
Arranger:
NatWest Markets Plc
Dealers:
Banco Santander, S.A.
Bank of China (Europe) S.A.
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC
Barclays Bank PLC
BNP Paribas
BofA Securities Europe SA
Citigroup Global Markets Limited
Danske Bank A/S
HSBC Continental Europe
ING Bank N.V.
J.P. Morgan SE
J.P. Morgan Securities plc
KBC Bank NV
Merrill Lynch International
Mizuho International plc
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH
NatWest Markets N.V.
NatWest Markets Plc
SMBC Nikko Capital Markets Limited
Société Générale
Standard Chartered Bank
The Toronto-Dominion Bank
UBS AG London Branch
UBS Europe SE
UniCredit Bank GmbH
Wells Fargo Securities Europe S.A.
Wells Fargo Securities International Limited
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Programme Agreement.
Certain Restrictions:
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which particular

--- Page 11 ---
10
laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements apply will only 
be issued in circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, 
restrictions or reporting requirements from time to time (see “Subscription and 
Sale”) including the following restrictions applicable at the date of this Base 
Prospectus.
Notes having a maturity of less than one year
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds of the issue are 
accepted in the UK by the relevant Issuer, constitute deposits for the purposes of 
the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in section 19 of the FSMA unless 
they are issued to a limited class of professional investors and have a 
denomination of at least £100,000 or its equivalent, see “Subscription and Sale”.
Where CRH Finance DAC or CRH SMW Finance DAC wishes to issue Notes 
with a maturity of less than one year, it shall ensure that such Notes are issued in 
accordance with an exemption granted under section 8(2) of the Central Bank 
Act, 1971, as amended.
Trustee:
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent for 
Notes other than Notes listed on the SIX 
Swiss Exchange:
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch
Principal Swiss Paying Agent for Notes 
listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange:
UBS AG or as specified in the applicable Final Terms
Programme Size:
Up to €8,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as 
described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding at any time. The Issuers 
and the Guarantor may increase the amount of the Programme in accordance 
with the terms of the Programme Agreement.
Distribution:
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and in each case 
on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis.
Currencies:
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, Notes may be 
denominated in euro, Sterling, U.S. dollars, Swiss Francs, Renminbi, yen, 
Canadian dollars and any other currency agreed between the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor and the relevant Dealer.
Maturities:
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the relevant 
Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to 
the relevant Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency.
Issue Price:
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price which is at par or 
at a discount to, or premium over, par.
Form of Notes:
The Notes will be issued in bearer form as described in “Form of the Notes”. The 
Swiss Notes will be issued in the form of a permanent global note as further 
described in "Form of the Notes – Swiss Notes".
Fixed Rate Notes:
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed between 
the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on redemption and will be

--- Page 12 ---
11
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed between 
the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer.
Floating Rate Notes:
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined on the basis of the 
reference rate set out in the applicable Final Terms.
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating Rate Notes.
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest 
rate or both.
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as agreed 
prior to issue by the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be payable on 
such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer.
Benchmark discontinuation:
In the case of Floating Rate Notes, on the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the 
relevant Issuer may (subject to certain conditions and following consultation with 
an Independent Adviser) determine a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread, and any 
Benchmark Amendments in accordance with Condition 4.2(h).
Zero Coupon Notes:
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their nominal amount 
and will not bear interest.
Redemption:
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant Notes cannot be 
redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for taxation reasons or 
following an Event of Default) or that such Notes will be redeemable at the option 
of the relevant Issuer and/or the Noteholders upon giving notice to the 
Noteholders or the relevant Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates 
specified prior to such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such other 
terms as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer.
Notes having a maturity of less than one year are subject to restrictions on their 
denomination and distribution, see “Certain Restrictions - Notes having a maturity 
of less than one year” above.
Denomination of Notes:
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the 
relevant Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed or required 
from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency, see “Certain 
Restrictions - Notes having a maturity of less than one year” above, and save 
that, in the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market within the EEA or offered to the public in any member state of the EEA in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation, the minimum denomination of each Note will be 
€100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency). For Notes issued by CRH Funding B.V., the 
minimum denomination will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). For Swiss 
Notes to be admitted to trading and listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange, the 
Specified Denomination will be CHF 5,000 (or higher) and multiples thereof.

--- Page 13 ---
12
Taxation:
All payments in respect of the Notes by or on behalf of the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any 
taxes imposed by any Tax Jurisdiction unless required by law. In the event that 
any such withholding or deduction is made, the relevant Issuer or, as the case 
may be, the Guarantor will, save in certain limited circumstances provided in 
Condition 7, be required to pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so 
deducted.
Negative Pledge:
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision as further 
described in Condition 3.
Cross-Default:
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross-default provision as further described 
in Condition 9.
Status of the Notes:
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 3) unsecured obligations of the relevant Issuer and will 
rank pari passu among themselves and (save for certain obligations required to 
be preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured obligations (other than 
subordinated obligations, if any) of the relevant Issuer, from time to time 
outstanding.
Guarantee:
The Notes will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor. 
The obligations of the Guarantor under its guarantee will be direct, unconditional 
and (subject to the provisions of Condition 3) unsecured obligations of the 
Guarantor and will rank pari passu and (save for certain obligations required to 
be preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured obligations (other than 
subordinated obligations, if any) of the Guarantor from time to time outstanding.
Rating:
The Programme has been rated BBB+ by S&P and Baa1 by Moody’s. Series of 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Series of 
Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms and will 
not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme. A security 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject 
to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency.
Listing and admission to trading:
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank as competent 
authority under the Prospectus Regulation. Application has been made to 
Euronext Dublin for the Notes issued under the Programme within 12 months of 
this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and trading on the Market.
In addition, application may be made to list Swiss Notes issued under the 
Programme in accordance with the Standard for Bonds on the SIX Swiss 
Exchange.
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other or 
further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. Notes which are 
neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may also be issued, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant Notes are to be 
listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or 
markets.

--- Page 14 ---
13
Governing Law:
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Notes will be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
English law.
Selling Restrictions:
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in the United 
States, the EEA (including Ireland, The Netherlands and Belgium), the UK,
Japan, Hong Kong, the PRC, Singapore and Switzerland and such other 
restrictions as may be required in connection with the offering and sale of a 
particular Tranche of Notes, see “Subscription and Sale”.

--- Page 15 ---
14
RISK FACTORS
The Issuers and the Guarantor believe that the following factors may affect their ability to fulfil their 
obligations under the Notes. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. If any of
the factors described below were to occur, the business, financial condition and results of operations of
the Issuers, the Guarantor and/or the Group could be materially and adversely affected. The Issuers 
and the Guarantor believe that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in 
investing in the Notes, but the relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor (as applicable) may be unable to 
pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes for other reasons and the 
Issuers and the Guarantor do not represent that the statements below regarding the risks of holding any 
Notes are exhaustive.
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Notes issued under the Programme are also described below.
In each sub-section below, the Issuers and the Guarantor have arranged the risks with the most 
material risk in each such sub-section first, in their assessment, considering the expected magnitude of 
their negative impact and the possibility of their occurrence.
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus (including any documents deemed to be incorporated by reference herein) and reach their 
own views prior to making any investment decision.
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUERS’ AND THE GUARANTOR'S ABILITY TO FULFIL 
THEIR OBLIGATIONS UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Finance vehicle repayment risks
Each of CRH Finance, CRH Funding B.V. and CRH SMW are finance entities whose only business is or 
will be to act as a finance subsidiary of CRH which may include lending the proceeds of any funding 
undertaken by it to CRH and/or to other members of the Group (as defined in the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes) and equity contributions to other members of the Group. Therefore, each of CRH Finance, 
CRH Funding B.V. and CRH SMW has limited assets and limited ability to generate revenues and is 
subject to all risks to which CRH or other members of the Group to whom these loans and equity 
contributions are made are subject, to the extent that such risks could limit CRH’s or such other member 
of the Group’s ability to satisfy in full and on a timely basis its obligations under such loans and equity 
contributions. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE GUARANTOR’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER THE GUARANTEE AND, GIVEN EACH ISSUER’S DEPENDENCE ON THE GUARANTOR, 
SUCH ISSUER’S ABILITY TO MEET ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE NOTES ISSUED BY IT.
Strategic and operational risks
Industry Cyclicality and Economic Conditions
The Group’s business depends on construction demand, and construction activity is inherently 
cyclical and influenced by multiple factors, including global and national economic 
circumstances (particularly those affecting the infrastructure and construction markets), 
monetary policy, consumer sentiment, swings in fuel and other input costs, and weather 
conditions that may, individually or collectively, disrupt outdoor construction activity.
Given the nature of the Group’s core products, many of which cannot be transported on a cost-effective 
basis over long distances, the Group’s operations are particularly sensitive to the economic conditions 
in the local markets in which it operates. In general, economic uncertainty and rising or high interest

--- Page 16 ---
15
rates can exacerbate negative trends in construction activity, including when current and/or prospective 
customers are unable to obtain credit or issue bonds, which can lead to the postponement, delay and/or 
cancellation of projects, and an associated negative impact on demand for building materials and 
related services. With a significant proportion of construction activity undertaken outside (e.g. highway 
construction), demand for, and the utilisation of, the Group’s products and services, such as 
aggregates, asphalt and concrete, can be highly seasonal in line with customer demand, and may 
additionally be impacted by acute and/or chronic changes in global and/or localised weather 
events/conditions.
The Group may also be negatively impacted by fluctuations in the price of fuel and principal energy-
related raw materials, which accounted for approximately 11 per cent. of total revenues in 2023, 
compared to 13 per cent. in 2022, with no guarantee that the Group will continue to be able to absorb 
these inflationary pressures.
Government Infrastructure Spending
The Group’s financial performance may be adversely impacted by reductions or delays in 
government infrastructure spending. 
A significant percentage of the Group’s products and/or services, particularly in the United States, are 
consumed by public infrastructure projects, including the construction of highways, bridges and public 
utilities. Accordingly, demand for the Group’s products may be impacted by adverse changes in public 
policy, as well as the financial resources and investment strategy of government bodies in the Group’s 
markets. The allocation of government funding for public infrastructure programmes is a key driver for 
the Group’s markets, such as the infrastructure and utilities elements of the Infrastructure Investment 
and Jobs Act in the United States, and large European infrastructure initiatives. 
However, government budget deficits might reduce government infrastructure investment and reduce 
demand for the Group’s products. Similarly, any significant delay and/or adverse change in investment 
strategy by policy makers in any of the Group’s key markets could reduce market demand, adversely 
impacting financial performance.
Adverse Geopolitical Change / Environment
Adverse public policy, economic, social and political situations in any country in which the 
Group operates could lead to a number of risks including health and safety risks for the Group’s 
people, a fall in demand for the Group’s products, business interruption, restrictions on 
repatriation of earnings and/or a loss of plant access.
The Group primarily operates across North America and Europe. The economies of these countries in 
which the Group operates are broadly stable. However, they are at varying stages of development, 
which presents multiple risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect the Group’s operations and 
financial results. These risks and uncertainties include:

Changes in political, social or economic conditions; 

New or strengthened trade protection measures, currency controls or import or export licensing 
requirements; 

Political unrest and currency shocks;

Social activism and civil disturbance, terrorist events or outbreak of armed conflict, among other 
potential causes;

Labour and procurement practices which contravene ethical considerations and regulatory 
requirements;

--- Page 17 ---
16

Unexpected changes in regulatory and tax requirements; and

Lockdowns or other restrictions due to public health emergencies, such as pandemics.
In addition, the Group has people, assets and operations in Ukraine and neighbouring countries which 
face physical risk due to the ongoing conflict. The CRH Board of Directors and management are actively 
monitoring the situation in Ukraine, as uncertainty continues to exist due to the ongoing conflict in the 
region.
Health and Safety Performance
The Group’s businesses operate in an industry with inherent health and safety risks, including 
the operation of heavy vehicles, working at height, use of mechanised processes, and handling 
of substances and materials potentially hazardous to people, animal life and/or the environment. 
Any failure to ensure safe workplaces could result in a deterioration in the Group’s safety 
performance and related adverse regulatory action or legal liability. Health and safety incidents 
could significantly impact the Group’s operational and financial performance, as well as the 
Group’s reputation.
The Group’s safety risks extend to sites not wholly within its control, including outdoor paving and 
construction sites. This environment presents a complex challenge which requires safe behaviours and 
engagement from employees as well as robust Group policies and procedures. A high number of 
accidents may pose additional challenges in recruiting new employees, ensuring operational continuity 
and maintaining licences and permits. 
The Group is subject to a broad and stringent range of existing and evolving laws, regulations, 
standards and best practices with respect to health and safety in each of the jurisdictions in which it 
operates. Should the Group’s health and safety frameworks, processes and controls fail to comply with 
such regulations, the Group could be exposed to significant potential legal liabilities and penalties. Any 
failure resulting in the discharge or release of hazardous substances to the environment (e.g. storage 
tank leaks, or explosions) could in addition expose the Group to significant liability remediation costs 
and/or penalties that impact the Group’s financial position.
In addition, potential issues with products could lead to health, safety and other issues for the Group’s 
broad range of stakeholders including employees, contractors, customers and communities. 
The recurrence of COVID-19 and/or similarly disruptive/dangerous pandemics could materially 
endanger the Group’s workers and/or contractors. 
People Management
The Group may not achieve its strategic objectives if it is not successful in attracting, engaging, 
retaining and developing employees with the required skill sets, planning for leadership 
succession, developing a diverse and inclusive workforce, and building constructive 
relationships with collective representation groups. 
The identification and subsequent assessment, management, development and deployment of talented 
individuals is of major importance in continuing to deliver on the Group’s strategy and in ensuring that 
succession planning objectives for key executive roles throughout its international operations are 
satisfied. As well as ensuring the Group identifies, hires, integrates, engages, develops and promotes 
talent, the Group must attract and retain a diverse workforce and maintain an inclusive working 
environment. The Group’s ability to achieve these objectives depends on population demographics in its 
local markets, the availability of a pool of workers with the required training and skills, and the 
attractiveness of the Group’s employer value proposition compared with competing employers.

--- Page 18 ---
17
The Group operates in a labour-intensive industry and can face frontline labour shortages that impact 
the Group’s ability to produce goods, operate facilities and install products. Additionally, any significant 
loss of employee resources for a sustained period of time (e.g. due to sickness or a public health 
emergency) could impact the Group’s ability to maintain operations. 
The Group must also maintain constructive relationships with the trade/labour unions that represent 
certain employees under collective agreements. Failure to do so could mean that the Group cannot 
renegotiate on appropriate terms the relevant collective agreements upon expiration and may face 
strikes or work stoppages as a consequence. Poor labour relations could create a reputational risk for 
the Group and/or disrupt the Group’s businesses, raise costs and reduce revenues and earnings from 
the affected locations, with potential adverse effects on the results of operations and financial condition 
of the Group.
Strategic Mineral Reserves and Permitting
Failure of the Group to maintain access to mineral resources and reserves, plan for reserve 
depletion and secure or maintain permits for its mining operations may result in operation 
stoppages, adversely impacting financial performance.
Continuity of the cash flows derived from the production and sale of certain building materials depends 
on satisfactory reserves planning, including appropriate long-term arrangements for their replacement. 
The high weight-to-price ratio of the aggregates which the Group consumes generally makes it 
uneconomical to transport them over long distances, and accordingly it is important to secure high 
quality mineral resources local to the Group’s markets or adjacent to appropriate logistical hubs (e.g. rail 
infrastructure). Any failure to adequately plan for reserve depletion, or accurately forecast future growth 
markets, could lead to a failure to maintain, and/or acquire and develop required sites, especially given 
long development lead times, and associated operational stoppages that adversely impact financial 
performance and cash flows.
Appropriate reserves are increasingly scarce, and licences and permits required for operations are also 
becoming harder to secure (e.g. due to increasing resistance from communities that have expanded 
around potential attractive reserves). In addition, the Group cannot guarantee that it will continue to 
satisfy the many terms and conditions under which such licences and permits are granted and/or 
renewed.
Reserve estimates and projections of production rates of the minerals used in the Group’s products 
inherently contain numerous assumptions and uncertainties, that, for example, may depend upon 
geological interpretation, and statistical inferences or assumptions drawn from drilling and sampling 
analysis. If such interpretations, inferences or assumptions are subsequently proven incorrect and differ 
materially from actual geological conditions and/or production rates, the Group may exhaust reserves 
more quickly than anticipated over the long term. 
The failure to plan adequately for current and future extraction and utilisation or to ensure ongoing 
compliance with requirements of issuing authorities could lead to operational disruptions and negatively 
affect the Group’s long-term financial results. 
Climate Change and Policy
The impact of climate change may adversely affect the Group’s operations and cost base and 
the stability of markets in which the Group operates. Risks related to climate change that could 
affect the Group’s operations and financial performance include both physical risks (such as 
acute and chronic changes in weather) and transitional risks (such as technological 
development, policy and regulation change and market and economic responses).

--- Page 19 ---
18
Risks related to climate change that could affect the Group’s operations and/or financial performance 
are discussed as follows:
Physical:
Acute weather events such as hurricanes or flooding, and chronic events such as increased 
precipitation, rising sea levels and/or temperatures may have an adverse effect on the Group’s 
business and operations. Operational productivity and demand for the Group’s products may be 
reduced during these weather events leading to reduced financial performance. Changing population 
demographics and other macro events arising from climate change may also impact demand for the 
Group’s products in significantly affected areas.
Transition:

Legal and Regulatory: As stakeholder expectations with regard to climate change continue to 
evolve, and various governmental bodies in the Group’s markets propose changes to laws and 
regulations covering emissions, carbon allowances and taxation, the Group may be exposed to 
increased operational, compliance and litigation related risks and costs. Efforts to address climate 
change through laws and regulations, for example by requiring reductions in emissions of 
greenhouse gases (GHG) such as CO2 can create economic risks and uncertainties for the 
Group’s businesses. Such risks could include the introduction of more extensive carbon emissions 
caps and associated carbon costs, additional costs of installing equipment to reduce emissions to 
comply with GHG limits, and higher costs from the imposition of legislative and/or regulatory 
controls. There is a risk of reduced competitiveness due to any failure of equalisation measures to 
level costs between domestic producers and importers from countries with lower enforced 
environmental regulations/GHG constraints.

Technology: The Group has publicly set itself carbon emission reduction goals and ambitions, the 
delivery of which may depend on the rapid advancement of technologies, such as Carbon Capture, 
Usage and Storage, that are still in early prototype or development phases. If the Group’s 
assumptions as to technology development timelines and/or the Group’s ability to economically 
access them prove inaccurate, the Group may be unable to deliver its emissions targets.

Reputational: Any failure to reduce emissions arising from the Group’s operations or meet investor 
and other stakeholder groups’ expectations with regard to emissions reductions may adversely 
impact the Group’s reputation and/or increase the likelihood of associated stakeholder litigation. In 
addition, the Group may incur materially increased costs related to increases in the cost of carbon, 
requirements to make further capital investments, reduced access to capital, challenges in 
retaining and/or attracting talent, local community opposition to operating facilities, and any inability 
to secure licensing permits.
Portfolio Management
The Group engages in acquisition and divestiture activity as part of active portfolio 
management, and this portfolio management activity presents risks around due diligence, 
execution and integration of assets. Additionally, the Group may be liable for liabilities of 
companies it has acquired or divested. Failure to efficiently identify and execute deals may limit 
the Group’s growth potential and impact financial performance.
The Group’s acquisition strategy depends on successfully identifying and acquiring suitable assets at 
prices that satisfy its stringent cash flow and return on investment criteria. The Group may not be able to 
identify such companies, and, even if identified, may not be able to acquire them because of a variety of 
factors including the outcome of due diligence processes, the ability to raise required funds on 
acceptable terms, regulatory approvals (including in certain instances from competition authorities) and 
competition for transactions from peers and other entities acquiring companies in the building materials

--- Page 20 ---
19
sector. In addition, situations may arise where the Group may be liable for the past acts, omissions or 
liabilities of acquired companies, or may remain liable in cases of divestiture (including for potential 
environmental liabilities or potential on-going information technology (IT) support). 
In addition, the Group’s ability to realise the expected benefits from acquisitions depends in part on its 
ability to integrate newly acquired businesses. If the Group fails to integrate acquisitions, it may not 
achieve expected growth synergies or financial, operating or other benefits, and it may incur write-
downs, impairment charges or unforeseen liabilities that could negatively affect its operating results or 
financial position or could otherwise harm its business. Further, integrating an acquired business, 
products, or technology, or remediating post-acquisition underperformance and associated operational 
challenges, could divert management time and resources from other matters.
Early-Stage Business / Technology Investment
The Group’s venture capital unit may fail to achieve expected commercial success and financial 
returns, and the Group may lose all or part of its investments in early-stage companies.
The Group, through its U.S.$250 million CRH Ventures fund, makes investments in early stage 
ventures, focused on construction, sustainability and digitalisation technology, whose products and 
services may offer the Group future competitive advantage.
Investing in early-stage businesses and/or technologies presents inherent risks, with the potential that 
the Group may lose all or part of its investment if they fail to achieve anticipated strategic, technological 
and financial returns. If the Group realises losses on its venture investments, its results of operations 
and financial condition may be adversely impacted.
Sustainable Products and Innovation
If the Group fails to develop new sustainable products that meet customer needs, it may fall 
behind its competitors and its financial performance may be adversely impacted.
The Group operates in competitive markets with customers continually pushing suppliers to deliver new, 
innovative products and solutions that enable them to work more efficiently, reduce their environmental 
footprint and realise greater cost savings. This is especially so in relation to changing customer 
preferences and demands for high-performance sustainability solutions with enhanced emissions and/or 
circularity profiles, including those with greater recycled content and/or innovations to existing products, 
that help them to deliver on their own climate and/or emissions-related commitments.
Any failure to keep up with the pace of technological change may lead to increased operational costs 
and financial loss for the Group through the inability to supply products to customers who require 
innovative and low-carbon sustainable solutions. Any failure to leverage innovation and other 
sustainability initiatives, for example transitioning to innovative lower-carbon products such as reclaimed 
asphalt pavement, permeable paving solutions, lower-carbon cements and other high-performance 
sustainability solutions, may shorten product life cycles or give rise to early product obsolescence thus 
impairing the Group’s financial performance and/or future value creation.
Commodity Products and Substitution
The Group manufactures and supplies a large number of commodity products into highly 
competitive markets. Failure by the Group to maintain pricing in an inflationary environment and 
to differentiate its products from its competitors could adversely impact its financial 
performance.
Many of the Group’s products are commodities that face strong volume and price competition, with 
pricing impacted by macroeconomic conditions, the competitive environment, the degree of utilisation of 
production capacity and the specifics of product demand, among other factors. In addition, the Group’s

--- Page 21 ---
20
local competitors are increasingly innovative and cost competitive, and the Group’s products may also 
face competition from substitute products, including new products, that the Group does not produce. 
Any significant shift in demand preference to these alternate products could adversely impact market 
share and results of operations. 
The Group may experience downward pricing pressure from time to time across its different markets 
and may not always be able to raise prices to offset increased operating expenses and inflationary 
pressures. The Group’s profits are particularly sensitive to changes in volume, as the cement business 
is capital-intensive and thus has significant fixed and semi-fixed costs. 
Any failure to maintain strong customer relationships could result in an inability to respond to changing 
consumer preferences and approaches to construction. Failure to differentiate and innovate could lead 
to market share decline, with adverse impacts on financial performance.
Enabling Business Technology
The Group depends on multiple types of information and operational technologies, and failure to 
properly manage and maintain such technologies could adversely impact the Group’s ability to 
operate.
The Group makes significant capital investments in information and operational technology, and 
systems to promote operational efficiency and maintain competitive advantage. Some of these 
investments relate to complex, multi-year technology deployments that require specialist customisation 
and project management to deliver expected value (including the Group’s Enterprise Reporting 
Programme and industrial control systems deployments and upgrades). The Group maintains a 
complex operating environment in relation to both information and operating technology that includes 
on-premises, hybrid and cloud technologies supported by a mixture of third-party outsourced service 
providers and internal resources. Any failure to properly manage the customisation and/or deployment 
of these systems or this complex operating environment may result in additional costs being incurred 
and/or delayed or eroded benefit realisation. If the Group fails to make the required technological 
investments at the right time, it may lose competitive advantage and/or inhibit its ability to comply with 
evolving laws and/or regulations.
Given the specific nature of the technology that the Group implements, it often relies on the support of 
specialist third parties; any failure to secure appropriately skilled and experienced third parties may 
result in an increased risk of unsuccessful implementations, time delays and/or increased costs.
Major Business Interruption
The Group depends on the continued availability of people, production equipment, processes 
and systems, and the Group’s production could be materially disrupted by operational failures, 
which would have a negative impact on the Group’s profitability.
Given the capital intensive nature of some of the Group’s product lines, with significant fixed and semi-
fixed costs, the Group’s profits are particularly sensitive to changes in volume, creating an exposure to 
any natural and/or human events that could disrupt production.
The ongoing, efficient operation of the Group’s facilities is often dependent on important pieces of 
equipment and IT networks/infrastructure. These can present single points of failure and can be difficult 
to quickly and/or easily replace due to long supply chain lead times and high associated capital costs. It 
is possible the Group could experience periodic disruption to equipment availability for a variety of 
reasons, including accidents, mechanical failures, fires/explosions and extreme weather conditions.
In addition to damaging equipment, extreme weather events could also disrupt operations through
delaying project start dates, extending product curing times, and/or disrupting utility infrastructure on 
which the Group depends including power and water networks. In addition, the manual nature of some

--- Page 22 ---
21
of the Group’s manufacturing processes and infrastructure projects, including highway construction and 
maintenance, creates a high level of dependency on the Group’s highly skilled workforce. Any event 
that materially inhibits the Group’s people from being able to work, including an inability to get to the 
Group’s facilities and/or customer sites or widespread sickness/pandemic, could materially disrupt 
operations, with adverse impacts on the Group’s financial performance.
Cybersecurity
The Group depends on multiple information and operational technology systems, including 
certain systems for which third-parties are in whole or in part responsible. The Group may be 
unable to protect its assets and data against increasingly sophisticated cybersecurity attacks. 
Security breaches, IT interruptions or data loss could result in significant business disruption, 
loss of production, reputational damage and/or regulatory penalties.
The Group has not been subject to a cyber-attack that has had a material impact on its operations or 
financial results. However, the Group has faced attempted cyber-attacks and may face future cyber-
attacks, including malware or ransomware attacks, or suffer other human or technological errors that 
have a material impact. Breaches, significant IT interruptions or errors could disrupt production 
software, permit manipulation of financial data, and could lead to corruption or theft of sensitive data 
that the Group collects and retains about its customers, suppliers, employees and business 
performance. Following a material cybersecurity incident, the Group may incur significant remediation 
costs, may face regulatory proceedings and/or private litigation, and may suffer damage to its reputation 
and customer confidence in its operations.
The Group’s businesses rely on information and operational technologies to support critical business 
processes and activities, and failures or breaches of such technologies could lead to production 
curtailment and/or other operational disruptions. The Group relies on specialist third parties to provide 
many of its information and operational technology systems, and vulnerabilities within such third-party 
systems could have a material negative effect on the Group. The third parties on whom the Group relies 
may themselves be affected by cybersecurity breaches or failures, which could lead to operational 
disruption or other negative consequences that could adversely impact the Group’s business and 
financial condition.
In addition, the Group regularly engages in acquisition activity as part of its active portfolio 
management. Many newly-acquired companies rely on different information and operational technology 
systems to the rest of the Group and may not have cybersecurity protections comparable to those 
implemented throughout the existing Group. Integrating newly-acquired companies and assets and 
implementing appropriate cybersecurity controls may be more resource intensive and time consuming 
than anticipated. Failure to appropriately integrate new acquisitions into the Group’s cybersecurity and 
IT systems can lead to vulnerabilities and make the Group’s systems more complex to secure. Further, 
the global nature of the Group’s operations and diverse information and operational technologies used 
across the Group may result in potential delays in the detection and reporting of cyber incidents. In 
addition, as cybersecurity threats evolve, the Group is increasingly required to expend additional 
resources to enhance its cybersecurity protection measures and may be required to expend additional 
resources to investigate and remediate identified vulnerabilities.
Supply Chain Failure
The Group’s ability to maintain production capacity and/or quality depends on the reliable and 
economic sourcing of various input materials, and failure to manage any material disruption in 
the Group’s supply chains could adversely impact its ability to service its customers and result 
in a deterioration in operational and/or financial performance. 
The Group must reliably and economically source various raw materials, equipment and other inputs 
from many third-party suppliers and then transport finished products to satisfy customer demands and

--- Page 23 ---
22
meet contractual requirements. The Group’s ability to balance maintaining resilient supply chains with 
optimising its working capital and inventory levels is critical to the continuity and strong financial returns 
of its operations. Any failure to manage any material disruption in the Group’s supply chains, including 
where the Group does not hold adequate buffer stocks and/or is unable to source adequate alternatives 
within acceptable timelines and at reasonable cost, could adversely impact the Group’s ability to service 
its customers and result in a deterioration in operational and/or financial performance, and reputational 
damage.
Some of the raw materials, equipment, transport and other inputs that the Group requires are limited to 
a small number of suppliers from which the Group can economically and/or practically source, which 
often have long lead times. Any of the Group’s suppliers may experience temporary, prolonged or even 
permanent operational disruption and/or capacity in the market may fall below required levels (e.g. for 
haulage capacity), which could have an adverse impact on the Group’s operations, financial 
performance and reputation. In addition, in certain markets in which the Group operates, including 
markets for steel, cement, bitumen and supplementary cementitious materials, contracted market 
demand can far outstrip supply, which may restrict the Group’s ability to obtain alternative suppliers or 
additional volumes where necessary. The Group’s focus on responsible sourcing practices and other 
environmental, social and governance considerations may also limit the pool of acceptable suppliers 
from which the Group may choose to source. 
Construction Contracts
A number of the Group’s projects/contracts are complex, spanning multiple parties, years and/or 
products, and the Group’s future financial results may be adversely affected if it incorrectly 
forecasts project budgets, delivers projects that do not meet contracted standards, or fails to 
deliver on time.
Across the Group’s business lines, the Group enters into contracts for complex, multi-year projects that 
comprise multiple product lines and as such are exposed to inherent risks related to forecasting and 
budgeting, project management and delivery and quality control. Any failure to manage these risks may 
reduce the Group’s profitability and/or damage its reputation, with associated impacts on the Group’s 
ability to bid for and/or win future contracts.
Compliance risks
Laws, Regulations and Business Conduct
The Group is subject to a wide variety of local and international laws and regulations. The Group 
may face adverse operational and financial effects and reputational damage, including 
significant fines, debarment or other sanctions, due to litigation or investigations in connection 
with breaches or perceived breaches of such laws and regulations or otherwise. In addition, 
CRH is governed by the Irish Companies Act, which differs from laws generally applicable to 
U.S. companies.
As an Irish incorporated company, with an equity listing on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) and 
standard equity listing on the London Stock Exchange (LSE), CRH must comply with a wide variety of 
local and international laws and regulations, including the Irish Companies Act, U.S. securities laws and 
regulations, NYSE listing requirements, the UK Market Abuse Regulation, the UK Financial Conduct 
Authority Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules, and other relevant legislation and regulation. 
The Group is also subject to various statutes, regulations and laws affecting land usage, zoning, labour 
and employment practices, competition/anti-trust, financial reporting, taxation, anti-fraud and theft, anti-
bribery, anti-corruption, governance, data protection and data privacy and security, environmental, 
health and safety, and international trade and sanctions laws, among other matters.

--- Page 24 ---
23
There can be no assurance that the Group’s policies and procedures will afford adequate protection 
against compliance failures or other fraudulent and/or corrupt activities. Any failure to comply with the 
requirements of any of these laws and/or regulations could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition, prospects and/or reputation, with resultant 
litigation or investigations, the imposition of significant fines, sanctions, debarment from operating in key 
markets, and/or reputational damage. Where subject to litigation, the Group establishes reserves in line 
with the requirements of the relevant accounting standards, where there is a clearly defined past event, 
when the loss is assessed as probable and the Group can reasonably estimate the amount. These 
estimated reserves are based on the facts and circumstances known to the Group at the time of 
estimation and subsequent reporting and subsequent developments related to these matters may affect 
the Group’s assessment and estimates. 
In addition, CRH is incorporated under Irish law, which treats interested director and officer transactions 
and shareholder lawsuits differently than do laws generally applicable to U.S. incorporated corporations 
and CRH’s shareholders may thus have more difficulty protecting their interests than would 
shareholders of a corporation incorporated in a jurisdiction of the United States. As CRH is an Irish 
company, the duties of its directors and officers are generally owed to CRH. CRH shareholders will 
generally not have a personal right of action against CRH’s directors or officers and in limited 
circumstances only may exercise rights of action on behalf of CRH. 
Financial and reporting risks
Financial Instruments
The Group uses financial instruments throughout its businesses giving rise to interest rate and 
leverage, foreign currency, counterparty, credit rating and liquidity risks. A downgrade of the 
Group’s credit ratings may give rise to increases in future funding costs and may impair the 
Group’s ability to raise funds on acceptable terms. In addition, insolvency of the financial 
institutions with which the Group conducts business may adversely impact the Group’s financial 
position.
Risks related to the Group’s financing that could affect its operations and/or financial performance are 
discussed as follows:

Interest rate and leverage risks: As at 31 December 2023, the Group had outstanding gross 
indebtedness, including overdrafts, finance lease liabilities and the impact of derivatives, of 
approximately U.S.$11.8 billion, compared to U.S.$9.8 billion in 2022, and cash and cash 
equivalents of approximately U.S.$6.4 billion, compared to U.S.$5.9 billion in 2022. The Group uses 
interest rate swaps to convert a portion of its fixed rate debt to floating rate. While current leverage 
is low, acquisition activity could adversely impact operating and financial flexibility as well as 
financial position. There can be no assurance that the Group will not be adversely impacted by 
increases in borrowing costs in the future. 

Foreign currency risks: If the Group’s reporting currency weakens relative to the basket of foreign 
currencies in which Net Debt (as defined in the section entitled “Non-GAAP Reconciliation” on 
pages xi to xiii of the CRH plc 2023 Annual Report and Form 10-K incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus) is denominated (including the euro, Pound Sterling, Canadian Dollar, Philippine 
Peso, Australian Dollar, Polish Zloty, and Swiss Franc), the Net Debt balance would increase; the 
converse would apply if the Group’s reporting currency was to strengthen. Where economically 
feasible, Net Debt is maintained in the same relative ratio as capital employed to act as an 
economic hedge of the underlying currency assets. 

Counterparty risks: Insolvency of the financial institutions with which the Group conducts business 
or a downgrade in their credit ratings may lead to losses in the cash balances that the Group holds 
with such financial institutions or losses in derivative transactions that the Group has entered into

--- Page 25 ---
24
with these parties and may render it more difficult for the Group to utilise existing debt capacity or 
otherwise obtain financing for operations. The Group holds significant cash and cash equivalents on 
deposit and derivative transactions with a variety of highly rated financial institutions which at 31 
December 2023, totalled U.S.$6.4 billion and U.S.$37 million, compared to U.S.$5.9 billion and 
U.S.$86 million, respectively, in 2022. In addition, certain of the Group’s activities give rise to 
significant amounts receivable from counterparties at the balance sheet date; at 31 December 2023, 
this balance was U.S.$4.1 billion and in 2022 this balance was U.S.$3.9 billion.

Credit rating risks: A downgrade of the Group’s credit ratings may give rise to increases in funding 
costs in respect of future debt and may, among other matters, impair its ability to access debt 
markets or otherwise raise funds or enter into lines of credit, for example, on acceptable terms. 
Such a downgrade may result from factors specific to the Group, including increased indebtedness 
stemming from acquisition activity, or from other factors such as general economic or sector specific 
weakness, central bank monetary policy, governmental fiscal policy or sovereign credit rating 
ceilings. In addition, any downgrade, suspension or withdrawal of one or more of the Group’s 
ratings could result in the market price, yield or marketability of the Group’s securities being 
adversely affected.

Liquidity risks: The principal liquidity risks stem from the maturation of debt obligations and 
derivative transactions. The Group aims to achieve flexibility in funding sources through a variety of 
means including: (i) maintaining cash and cash equivalents with a number of highly rated 
counterparties; (ii) meeting the bulk of debt requirements through debt capital markets or other term 
financing; (iii) limiting the annual maturity of such balances; and (iv) having surplus committed bank 
lines of credit. However, market or economic conditions may make it difficult at times to realise this 
objective. In addition, continued focus on climate change by investors and lenders may affect their 
preferences and sentiments, potentially impacting the Group’s access to, and cost of, capital, and 
investment attractiveness.
Taxation Charge and Balance Sheet Provisioning
The Group is exposed to uncertainties stemming from governmental actions in respect of taxes 
paid or payable in the future in all jurisdictions of operation. In addition, various assumptions 
are made in the computation of the overall tax charge and in balance sheet provisions which 
may need to be adjusted over time. Changes in tax regimes or assessment of additional tax 
liabilities in future tax audits could result in incremental tax liabilities which could have a 
material adverse effect on cash flows and the financial results of operations of the Group. 
The Group’s income tax charge is based on reported profits and statutory tax rates, which reflect 
various allowances and reliefs and tax efficiencies available to the Group in the multiple tax jurisdictions 
in which it operates. The determination of the Group’s provision for income tax requires certain 
judgements and estimates in relation to matters where the ultimate tax outcome may not be certain. The 
recognition of deferred tax assets also requires judgement as it involves an assessment of the future 
recoverability of those assets. In addition, the Group is subject to tax audits which can involve complex 
issues that could require extended periods to conclude, the resolution of which is often not within the 
Group’s control. Although management believes that the estimates included in the audited consolidated 
financial statements of CRH and the Group’s tax return positions are reasonable, there can be no 
assurance that the final outcome of these matters will equal the estimates reflected in the Group’s 
historical income tax provisions and accruals.
As a multinational corporation, the Group is subject to various taxes in all jurisdictions in which it 
operates. Economic and political conditions, tax rates and the interpretation of tax rules in these 
jurisdictions may be subject to significant change, particularly during periods of administrative change or 
fiscal deficit. In addition, the Group's future effective income tax rate could be affected (positively or 
negatively) by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in 
the valuation of deferred tax assets or changes in tax laws or their interpretation.

--- Page 26 ---
25
Finally, changes to international tax principles, for example at the European Union level, could 
adversely affect the Group’s effective tax rate or result in higher cash tax liabilities. If the Group’s 
effective income tax rate was to increase, its cash flows and the financial results of operations could be 
adversely affected. 
Foreign Currency Translation
A significant proportion of the Group’s revenues are in currencies other than its reporting 
currency, and adverse changes in exchange rates could negatively affect retained earnings. 
The principal foreign exchange risks to which the consolidated financial statements of the Group are 
exposed pertain to (i) adverse movements in reported results when translated into the reporting 
currency; and (ii) declines in the reporting currency value of net investments which are denominated in a 
wide basket of currencies other than the reporting currency. 
Given the geographic spread of the Group, a significant proportion of its revenues, expenses, assets 
and liabilities are denominated in currencies other than the Group’s reporting currency, including the 
euro, Pound Sterling, Canadian Dollar, Philippine Peso, Australian Dollar, Polish Zloty, and Swiss 
Franc. From year to year, adverse changes in the exchange rates used to translate these and other 
foreign currencies into the reporting currency have impacted and will continue to impact consolidated 
results.
Goodwill Impairment
The Group may be required to write-down its goodwill, which could have an adverse impact on 
the Group’s retained earnings.
Significant under performance in any of the Group’s major reporting units or the divestiture of 
businesses in the future may give rise to a material write-down of goodwill. While a non-cash item, a 
material write-down of goodwill could have a substantial impact on the Group’s retained earnings.
Under United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (U.S. GAAP), goodwill and indefinite-
lived intangible assets are subject to annual impairment testing, or more frequently if events or 
circumstances change in a manner that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting 
unit below its carrying value.
Accounting Estimates
The Group’s financial reporting requires the use of accounting estimates for a number of 
significant items.
The accounting standards used in preparation of the Group’s audited consolidated financial statements 
are complex and involve the making of significant estimates and assumptions in their interpretation and 
application that are inherently uncertain and/or require subjective judgments. In the event these 
assumptions and/or judgments prove incorrect or different values were to be applied (e.g. through the 
adoption of different methods of calculation), the Group’s reported financial results could be materially 
higher or lower. The Group makes accounting estimates in relation to a wide range of matters that are 
relevant to its business, such as impairment of long-lived assets, impairment of goodwill, pension and 
other postretirement benefits, tax matters and litigation, including self-insurance and environmental 
compliance costs. 
Any changes to accounting standards previously applied in the preparation of the Group’s audited 
consolidated financial statements could affect future reported results compared with prior years, and/or 
see the revision of prior reporting where any retrospective application is required.

--- Page 27 ---
26
Self-Insurance
The Group may elect or be required to self-insure specific risk exposures, and failure or inability 
to obtain appropriate insurance coverage could result in increased insurance and claims costs 
that adversely affects its financial results.
The Group elects to self-insure up to certain limits through one or more of its wholly-owned captive 
insurance companies (captives). The Group’s captives provide coverage in respect of multiple lines of 
insurance to the Group’s operating and non-operating entities up to certain designated limits, both each-
and-every and in the annual aggregate. Where insurable losses exceed those limits, the Group would 
need to rely on external insurance and/or reinsurance from global institutions of appropriate credit 
standing, and such external insurance and/or reinsurance may not be available at an appropriate cost or 
at all.
Insolvency risks under Irish law
If the Guarantor is unable to pay its debts, an examiner may be appointed under Irish law to 
oversee the Guarantor's operations.
If the Guarantor is unable, or likely to be unable, to pay its debts, an examiner may be appointed to 
oversee the operations of the Guarantor and to facilitate its survival and the whole or any part of its 
business by formulating proposals for a compromise or scheme of arrangement. An examiner may be 
appointed even if the Guarantor is not insolvent. If an examiner is appointed to the Guarantor, a 
protection period, generally not exceeding 100 days, will be imposed so that the examiner can formulate 
and implement their proposals for a compromise or scheme or arrangement. During the protection 
period, any enforcement action by a creditor is prohibited. In addition, the Guarantor would be prohibited 
from paying any debts existing at the time of the presentation of the petition to appoint an examiner. 
Preferred Creditors under Irish law.
In an insolvency of an Irish company, the claims of certain preferential creditors (including the Irish 
Revenue Commissioners for certain unpaid taxes) will rank in priority to claims of unsecured creditors. If 
CRH, CRH SMW or CRH Finance becomes subject to an insolvency proceeding and CRH, CRH SMW
or CRH Finance has obligations to creditors that are treated under Irish law as creditors that are senior 
relative to the Noteholders, the Noteholders may suffer losses as a result of their non-preferred status 
during such insolvency proceeding.
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET RISKS 
ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes
If the relevant Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market 
value of the Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds in a manner which achieves a similar effective return.
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the 
relevant Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any 
redemption period.
The relevant Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the 
interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being 
redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should 
consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time.

--- Page 28 ---
27
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or 
vice versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned.
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a Floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis and any 
conversion of the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such
Notes as the change of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the 
Notes convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be 
less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same 
reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. 
Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then 
prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant 
Notes.
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in 
response to changes in market interest rates.
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or 
premium to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates 
than do prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining 
term of such securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-
bearing securities with comparable maturities.
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or 
referencing such "benchmarks".
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" (including EURIBOR) are the subject 
of national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are 
already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks 
to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot 
be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or 
referencing such a "benchmark". 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. 
Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-
EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents
certain uses by EU supervised entities of "benchmarks" of administrators that are not authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation) among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in 
the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of 
administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK 
based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable could have a 
material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark", in particular, if the methodology or 
other terms of the "benchmark" are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, 
among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the 
published rate or level of the relevant benchmark.
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
"benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements.

--- Page 29 ---
28
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area published a set of guiding principles and high 
level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash 
products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, 
that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may 
increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working 
group published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. On 4
December 2023, the euro risk-free rate working group issued its final statement, announcing completion 
of its mandate.
Such factors may have the following effects on certain "benchmarks": (i) discouraging market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to the "benchmark"; (ii) triggering changes in the 
rules or methodologies used in the "benchmark"; and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the 
"benchmark". Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international 
or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the 
value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) 
upon, a "benchmark".
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a 
Benchmark Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) occurs, including in relation to
an Original Reference Rate (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes). Such fallback 
arrangements include the possibility that the relevant Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to 
appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser, with the view to the relevant Issuer determining a 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread, to be used in 
place of the Original Reference Rate. 
The use of a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (including with the application of an Adjustment 
Spread) to determine the Rate of Interest is likely to result in Notes initially linked to or referencing the 
Original Reference Rate performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) 
than they would do if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. The 
application of an Adjustment Spread could have unexpected commercial consequences and there can 
be no assurance that any Adjustment Spread will be effective in reducing or eliminating any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders arising out of the replacement of the relevant 
benchmark or that, due to the particular circumstances of each Noteholder, any such adjustment will be 
favourable to each Noteholder.
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the Original Reference Rate is determined by 
the relevant Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and a 
commercially reasonable manner, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide that the relevant 
Issuer may vary such Terms and Conditions, as necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, without any requirement for consent or approval of the 
Noteholders.
The relevant Issuer may be unable to appoint an Independent Adviser and/or may not be able to 
determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread,
in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Where the relevant Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner, or the 
relevant Issuer (in consultation with the Independent Adviser) is unable to determine a Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread, before the next Interest 
Determination Date, the Rate of Interest for the next succeeding Interest Period shall be determined 
using the Original Reference Rate last displayed on the Relevant Screen Page or last available (as 
applicable) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date. 
Where the relevant Issuer has been unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or, has failed, to 
determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread,

--- Page 30 ---
29
in respect of any given Interest Period, it will continue to attempt to appoint an Independent Adviser in a 
timely manner before the next succeeding Interest Determination Date and/or to determine a Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread, to apply to the next 
succeeding and any subsequent Interest Periods, as necessary.
Applying the Original Reference Rate last displayed on the Relevant Screen Page or last available (as 
applicable) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date is likely to result in Notes linked to or 
referencing the relevant benchmark performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate 
of Interest) than they would do if the relevant benchmark were to continue to apply, or if a Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate (including with the application of an Adjustment Spread) could be determined.
If the relevant Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the relevant Issuer (in consultation 
with the Independent Adviser) fails to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either 
case, the applicable Adjustment Spread, for the life of the relevant Notes, the Original Reference Rate 
last displayed on the Relevant Screen Page or last available (as applicable) prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date will continue to apply to maturity. This will result in the Floating Rate Notes, in 
effect, becoming fixed rate securities. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of 
successor rates and alternative rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant 
fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time.
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as 
applicable, or any of the international or national reforms and the possible application of the benchmark 
replacement provisions of Notes in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to 
or referencing a "benchmark". 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates (including overnight rates) as 
reference rates for Floating Rate Notes.
Where the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes identifies that the Reference Rate 
for such Notes will be €STR, SONIA or SOFR, the Rate of Interest will be determined on the basis of 
the relevant reference rate (as further described in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes). All such 
rates are based on ‘overnight rates’. Overnight rates differ from inter-bank offered rates, such as 
EURIBOR in a number of material respects, including (without limitation) that such rates are backwards-
looking, risk-free overnight rates, whereas EURIBOR is expressed on the basis of a forward-looking 
term and includes a risk-element based on inter-bank lending. As such, investors should be aware that 
overnight rates may behave materially differently as interest reference rates for Notes issued under the 
Programme compared to inter-bank offered rates. The use of overnight rates as reference rates for 
Eurobonds is nascent and is subject to continued change and development, both in terms of the 
substance of the calculation and in the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the 
issuance and trading of bonds referencing such overnight rates.
Accordingly, prospective investors in any Notes referencing any overnight rates should be aware that 
the market continues to develop in relation to such rates in the capital markets and their adoption as an 
alternative to inter-bank offered rates such as EURIBOR. Market participants, industry groups and/or 
central bank-led working groups have explored compounded and weighted average rates and 
observation methodologies for such rates (including so-called ‘shift’, ‘lag’, ‘lookback’ and ‘lock-out’ 
methodologies) and forward-looking ‘term’ reference rates derived from these overnight rates have also 
been, or are being, developed. The adoption of overnight rates may also see component inputs into 
swap rates or other composite rates transferring from EURIBOR or another reference rate to an 
overnight rate. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt overnight rates in a way that differs significantly from 
those set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. In addition, the methodology for determining 
any overnight rate index by reference to which the Rate of Interest in respect of certain Notes may be

--- Page 31 ---
30
calculated could change during the life of any Notes. Furthermore, the relevant Issuer may in the future 
issue Notes referencing €STR, SONIA or SOFR that differ materially in terms of interest determination 
when compared with any previous €STR, SONIA or SOFR-referenced Notes issued by it under the 
Programme. The continued development of overnight rates as interest reference rates for the Eurobond 
markets and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or 
increased volatility or could otherwise adversely affect the market price of any such Notes issued under 
the Programme from time to time. 
Furthermore, the Rate of Interest on Notes which reference overnight rates is only capable of being 
determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in 
Notes which reference overnight rates to estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be payable 
on such Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to 
their IT systems, both of which factors could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, in 
contrast to EURIBOR based Notes, if Notes referencing an overnight rate become due and payable as 
a result of an Event of Default under Condition 9 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, or are 
otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest 
payable in respect of such Notes shall only be determined immediately prior to the date on which the 
Notes become due and payable. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of overnight rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially when compared with the application and adoption of the same overnight rates for the same 
currencies in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully 
consider how any mismatch between the adoption of overnight rates across these markets may impact 
any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any 
acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing overnight rates. Investors should carefully consider 
these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any such Notes.
Risks related to Notes denominated in Renminbi
Set out below is a description of the principal risks which may be relevant to an investor in Notes 
denominated in Renminbi (Renminbi Notes):
Renminbi is not completely freely convertible and there are significant restrictions on the 
remittance of Renminbi into and outside the PRC which may adversely affect the liquidity of 
Renminbi Notes.
Renminbi is not completely freely convertible at present. The government of the PRC (the PRC 
Government) continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies, despite 
significant reduction over the years by the PRC Government of control over routine foreign exchange 
transactions. These transactions are known as current account items. 
Although starting from 1 October 2016, the Renminbi was added to the Special Drawing Rights basket 
created by the International Monetary Fund and policies for further improving accessibility to Renminbi 
to settle cross-border transactions in foreign currencies were issued, there is no assurance that the 
PRC Government will continue to gradually liberalise control over cross-border remittance of Renminbi
in the future, that the schemes for Renminbi cross-border utilisation will not be discontinued or that new 
regulations in the PRC will not be promulgated in the future which have the effect of restricting or 
eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or outside the PRC. 
In the event that funds cannot be repatriated outside the PRC in Renminbi, this may affect the overall 
availability of Renminbi outside the PRC and the ability of the relevant Issuer to source Renminbi to 
finance its obligations under Renminbi Notes.

--- Page 32 ---
31
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of 
the Renminbi Notes and the relevant Issuer’s ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to 
service such Renminbi Notes.
As a result of the restrictions imposed by the PRC Government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, 
the availability of Renminbi outside of the PRC is limited.
The People’s Bank of China (PBOC) has also established Renminbi clearing and settlement 
mechanisms for participating banks in various jurisdictions through settlement agreements (the 
Settlement Agreements) on the clearing of Renminbi business with financial institutions in a number of 
financial centres and cities (each, a RMB Clearing Bank) and these RMB Clearing Banks have been 
permitted to engage in the settlement of Renminbi trade transactions. However, the current size of 
Renminbi-denominated financial assets outside the PRC is limited.
There are restrictions imposed by the PBOC on Renminbi business participating banks in respect of 
cross-border Renminbi settlement, such as those relating to direct transactions with PRC enterprises.
Furthermore, Renminbi business participating banks do not have direct Renminbi liquidity support from 
the PBOC. The relevant RMB Clearing Bank only has access to onshore liquidity support from the 
PBOC for the purpose of squaring open positions of participating banks for limited types of transactions. 
The relevant RMB Clearing Bank is not obliged to square for participating banks any open positions 
resulting from other foreign exchange transactions or conversion services. In each case, the 
participating banks will need to source Renminbi from outside the PRC to square such open positions.
Although it is expected that the offshore Renminbi market will continue to grow in depth and size, its 
growth is subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. 
There is no assurance that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated or the Settlement Agreements
will not be terminated or amended in the future so as to have the effect of restricting the availability of 
Renminbi outside the PRC. The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the liquidity 
of the Renminbi Notes. To the extent that the relevant Issuer is required to source Renminbi outside the 
PRC to service the Renminbi Notes, there is no assurance that the relevant Issuer will be able to source 
such Renminbi on satisfactory terms, if at all. If the relevant Issuer is unable to source such Renminbi, 
the relevant Issuer’s obligation to make a payment in Renminbi under the terms of the Notes may be 
replaced by an obligation to pay such amount in the Relevant Currency (as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes) if ‘RMB Currency Event’ is selected as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms.
An investment in Renminbi Notes is subject to exchange rate risks.
The value of Renminbi against the U.S. dollar and other foreign currencies fluctuates and is affected by 
changes in the PRC and international political and economic conditions and by many other factors. On 
11 December 2015, the China Foreign Exchange Trade System (the CFETS), a sub-institutional 
organisation of the PBOC, published the CFETS Renminbi exchange rate index for the first time, which 
weighs the Renminbi based upon 13 currencies, to guide the market in order to measure the Renminbi 
exchange rate. This change, among others that may be implemented, may increase the volatility in the 
value of the Renminbi against other currencies. Except in the limited circumstances stipulated in 
Condition 5.8, all payments of interest and principal with respect to Renminbi Notes will be made in 
Renminbi. As a result, the value of these Renminbi payments in U.S. dollar or other foreign currency 
terms may vary with the prevailing exchange rates in the marketplace. If the value of Renminbi 
depreciates against the U.S. dollar or other foreign currencies, the value of an investment in Renminbi 
Notes in U.S. dollar or other applicable foreign currency terms will decline.
In the event that access to Renminbi becomes restricted to the extent that, by reason of RMB 
Inconvertibility, RMB Non-transferability or RMB Illiquidity (each as defined in the Terms and Conditions
of the Notes), the relevant Issuer is unable, or it is impossible for it, to pay interest or principal in 
Renminbi, the Conditions allow the relevant Issuer to make payment in U.S. dollars or other foreign

--- Page 33 ---
32
currencies at the prevailing spot rate of exchange, all as provided in more detail in the Conditions. As a 
result, the value of these Renminbi payments may vary with the prevailing exchange rates in the 
marketplace. If the value of Renminbi depreciates against the U.S. dollar or other foreign currencies, the 
value of a holder’s investment in Renminbi Notes in U.S. dollar or other foreign currency terms will 
decline.
Payments in respect of Renminbi Notes will only be made to investors in the manner specified in 
the terms and conditions of such Renminbi Notes.
Investors may be required to provide certification and other information (including Renminbi account 
information) in order to be allowed to receive payments in Renminbi in accordance with the Renminbi 
clearing and settlement system for participating banks in the RMB Settlement Centre(s) (as defined in 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes). Except in the limited circumstances stipulated in Condition 5.8, 
all payments to investors in respect of Renminbi Notes will be made solely (i) for so long as such Notes 
are represented by a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note held with the common 
depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, 
Luxembourg) or any alternative clearing system, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in 
the RMB Settlement Centre(s) in accordance with prevailing Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
rules and procedures or those of such alternative clearing system, or (ii) for so long as such Notes are 
in definitive form, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in the RMB Settlement Centre(s) 
in accordance with prevailing rules and regulations. Other than described in the Terms and Conditions
of the Notes, the relevant Issuer cannot be required to make payment by any other means (including in 
any other currency or in bank notes, by cheque or draft or by transfer to a bank account in the PRC).
There may be PRC tax consequences with respect to investment in the Renminbi Notes.
In considering whether to invest in the Renminbi Notes, investors should consult their individual tax 
advisers with regard to the application of PRC tax laws to their particular situations as well as any tax 
consequences arising under the laws of any other tax jurisdictions. The value of the Noteholder's 
investment in the Renminbi Notes may be materially and adversely affected if such Noteholder is 
required to pay PRC tax with respect to acquiring, holding or disposing of and receiving payments under 
those Renminbi Notes.
Risks applicable to all Notes issued under the Programme 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification 
without the consent of all investors and confer significant discretions on the Trustee which may 
be exercised without the consent of the Noteholders and without regard to the individual 
interests of particular Noteholders.
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to 
consider and vote upon matters affecting their interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or 
through the use of electronic consents. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all 
Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case 
may be, did not sign the written resolution or give their consent electronically, and including those
Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority.
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes also provide that the Trustee may, without the consent of 
Noteholders and without regard to the interest of particular Noteholders, agree to (i) any modification of, 
or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the provisions of the Notes 
or (ii) determine without the consent of the Noteholders that any Event of Default or potential Event of 
Default shall not be treated as such or (iii) the substitution of another company as principal debtor under 
any Notes in place of the relevant Issuer or in respect of the Guarantor’s obligations under the 
Guarantee in place of the Guarantor, in each case the circumstances described in Condition 14.

--- Page 34 ---
33
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English law or administrative 
practice.
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to 
English law or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could 
materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it.
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their 
Notes and may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued.
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that 
such Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not 
integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of 
trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their
account with the relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding 
without first purchasing a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified 
Denomination such that its holding amounts to at least the minimum Specified Denomination. Further, a 
holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum 
Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not 
receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need 
to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such 
that its holding amounts to at least the minimum Specified Denomination.
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade.
An English court judgment may not be enforceable in the Netherlands.
CRH Funding B.V. is incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Netherlands, and its assets 
may be located in the Netherlands, so any judgment obtained by Noteholders in respect of the Notes in 
the English courts against CRH Funding B.V. may need to be enforced in the Netherlands. Subject as 
described below, any judgment obtained in respect of the Notes in the English courts against CRH 
Funding B.V. will not be recognised and enforced by the Dutch courts. In the absence of an applicable 
convention between England and the Netherlands, if a final and enforceable judgment of an English 
court is filed with the competent Dutch court, the Dutch court will generally give binding effect to the 
foreign judgment insofar as it finds that the jurisdiction of the English court has been based on grounds 
which are internationally acceptable and that proper legal procedures have been observed, and unless 
the English judgment contravenes Dutch public policy or is incompatible with a judgment rendered 
between the same parties by a Dutch court or with an earlier judgment rendered between the same 
parties by a non-Dutch court in a dispute that concerns the same subject and is based on the same 
cause, provided that the earlier judgment qualifies for recognition in the Netherlands.
Therefore, any judgment obtained in respect of the Notes in the English courts against CRH Funding 
B.V. would not be enforceable in the Netherlands and the matter will have to be brought before the 
competent Dutch court.
Risks related to the market

--- Page 35 ---
34
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid 
and this would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell their Notes.
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market 
for the Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their 
Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have 
a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to 
interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies, are 
being issued to a single investor or a limited number of investors or have been structured to meet the 
investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes would have a more 
limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor’s home currency, they will 
be exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of their holding. In 
addition, the imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor 
not receiving payments on those Notes.
The relevant Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes and the Guarantor will make any 
payments under the Guarantee in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to 
currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or 
currency unit (the Investor’s Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the 
Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s 
Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal 
payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the Notes.
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor to make payments in respect of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or 
principal than expected, or no interest or principal.
Credit ratings assigned to the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any Notes may not reflect all 
risks.
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor or the Notes. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, 
market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A 
credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or 
withdrawn by the rating agency at any time.
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit 
ratings for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been 
withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such 
general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit 
rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating 
agency or the relevant third country rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation 
(and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or 
suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, 
UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings

--- Page 36 ---
35
issued by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) 
endorsed by a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency 
that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the 
relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn 
or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances.
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or 
the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory 
treatment, which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain 
information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 37 ---
36
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
The following documents which have previously been published, shall be incorporated in, and form part 
of, this Base Prospectus:
(I)
Financial Statements:
(i)
the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of CRH plc for the six 
months ended 30 June 2024 contained on pages 2 to 23 of the CRH plc quarterly report 
on Form 10-Q (available at https://www.crh.com/media/5388/crh-plc-form-10-q-for-the-
quarterly-period-ended-june-30-2024.pdf );
(ii)
the following pages of the CRH plc 2023 Annual Report and Form 10-K (available at 
https://www.crh.com/media/5126/crh-annual-report-2023-web-version.pdf ): (a) page i 
entitled “2023 Performance Highlights”, (b) pages ii to iv entitled “Overview of our 
business”, (c) pages vii to x entitled “Why Invest in CRH?” (other than the section 
entitled “Well positioned for future growth and value creation” on page ix), (d) pages 48 
to 99 containing the auditors’ report and audited consolidated annual financial 
statements of CRH plc for the financial year ended 31 December 2023, and (e) pages xi 
to xiii entitled “Non-GAAP Reconciliation”;
(iii)
the auditors’ report and audited consolidated annual financial statements of CRH plc for 
the financial year ended 31 December 2022 contained on pages 160 to 247 of the CRH 
plc 
2022 
Annual 
Report 
and 
Form 
20-F 
(available 
at
https://www.crh.com/media/4740/crh-2022-annual-report-interactive-version.pdf );
(iv)
the auditors' report and audited non-consolidated annual financial statements of CRH 
Funding B.V. for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 (available at
https://www.crh.com/media/5275/crh-funding-bv-2023.pdf ); and
(v)
the auditors' report and audited non-consolidated annual financial statements of CRH 
Funding B.V. for the financial year
ended 31 December 2022
(available at
https://www.crh.com/media/4859/crh-funding-bv-2022.pdf );
(II)
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the following documents:
(i)
the 
Base 
Prospectus 
dated 
14 
June
2023 
(available 
at 
https://www.crh.com/media/4867/uko2-2006489618-v1-crh-2023-base-prospectus-
final.pdf );
(ii)
the 
Base 
Prospectus 
dated 
24 
April
2020 
(available 
at 
https://www.crh.com/media/3290/2020.pdf ); and
(iii)
the 
Base 
Prospectus 
dated 
6 
October 
2016 
(available 
at 
https://www.crh.com/media/3273/2016.pdf ),
in each case prepared by certain of the Issuers and the Guarantor.
The audited consolidated annual financial statements of CRH plc for the financial year ended 31 
December 2023 incorporated by reference herein have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP 
and not in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as endorsed in the European 
Union based on Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 (IFRS).
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant for an 
investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 38 ---
37
In this Base Prospectus, references to websites or uniform resource locators (URLs) are inactive textual 
references and are included for information purposes only. The contents of such website or URL shall 
not form part of, or be deemed incorporated into, this Base Prospectus.
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuers and/or 
the Guarantor and approved by the Central Bank in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated 
by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be 
deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which 
is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall 
not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus.
The relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake 
or material inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the 
assessment of any Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base 
Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 39 ---
38
FORM OF THE NOTES
The Notes of each Series will be in bearer form.
Form of Notes (other than Swiss Notes (as defined below))
Each Tranche of Notes (other than Swiss Notes) will be in bearer form and will initially be issued in the 
form of a temporary global note (a Temporary Global Note) or, if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, a permanent global note (a Permanent Global Note and, together with a Temporary Global 
Note, each a Global Note) which, in either case, will:
(i)
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a 
common safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; 
and
(ii)
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for, 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) and 
any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) 
will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not 
intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the 
effect that the beneficial owners of interests in the Temporary Global Note are not U.S. persons or 
persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, 
has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to 
the Agent.
If the Global Note is issued in classic global note (CGN) form, upon the initial deposit of a global Note 
with the Common Depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will credit each subscriber with a 
nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. If 
the global Note is issued in NGN form, the nominal amount of the Notes shall be the aggregate amount 
from time to time entered in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. The records of such 
clearing system shall be conclusive evidence of the nominal amount of Notes represented by the global 
Note and a statement issued by such clearing system at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the 
records of the relevant clearing system at that time.
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as 
described therein either for (a) interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series or (b) for 
definitive Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms and subject, in the case of definitive Notes, to such notice period 
as is specified in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership 
as described above unless such certification has already been given. The holder of a Temporary Global 
Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the 
Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Global Note for an interest in 
a Permanent Global Note or for definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused.
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case 
may be) of the Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in 
NGN form), outside the United States and without any requirement for certification.

--- Page 40 ---
39
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note (if the Note is not a Swiss Note) 
will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where 
applicable, interest coupons and talons attached upon either (a) not less than 60 days’ written notice 
from Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest 
in such Permanent Global Note) to the Agent as described therein or (b) only upon the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event. For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) an Event of Default (as defined 
in Condition 9) has occurred and is continuing, or (ii) the relevant Issuer has been notified that both 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 
days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention 
permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system satisfactory to 
the Trustee is available. The relevant Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in 
such Permanent Global Note) or the Trustee may give notice to the Agent requesting exchange. Any 
such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by 
the Agent.
Swiss Notes
Notes denominated in Swiss Francs to be listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange (Swiss Notes) will be 
issued in the form of a Swiss permanent global note (the Swiss Permanent Global Note).
A Swiss Permanent Global Note will be deposited by the Principal Swiss Paying Agent with SIX SIS AG, 
the Swiss Securities Services Corporation in Olten, Switzerland (SIS) or any other intermediary in 
Switzerland recognised for such purposes by the SIX Swiss Exchange (SIS or any such other 
intermediary, the Intermediary) until final redemption of the Swiss Notes or the exchange of the Swiss 
Permanent Global Note for definitive Notes with Coupons attached as set out below. Once a Swiss 
Permanent Global Note has been deposited with the Intermediary and the relevant interests in the 
Swiss Notes have been entered into the accounts of one or more participants of the Intermediary, the 
Swiss Notes will constitute intermediated securities (Bucheffekten) (Intermediated Securities) in 
accordance with the provisions of the Swiss Federal Intermediated Securities Act (Bucheffekten-
gesetz).
Each holder of Swiss Notes shall have a quotal co-ownership interest (Miteigentumsanteil) in the Swiss 
Permanent Global Note to the extent of its claim against the relevant Issuer, provided that for so long as 
the Swiss Permanent Global Note remains deposited with the Intermediary, the co-ownership interest 
shall be suspended and the Swiss Notes may only be transferred or otherwise disposed of in 
accordance with the provisions of the Swiss Federal Intermediated Securities Act (Bucheffektengesetz) 
i.e. by entry of the transferred Swiss Notes in a securities account of the transferee.
The records of the Intermediary will determine the nominal amount of Swiss Notes represented by the 
Swiss Permanent Global Note and held by or through each participant in the Intermediary. The holders 
of Swiss Notes held in the form of Intermediated Securities will be the persons for the time being shown 
in the records of any custodian (Verwahrungsstelle) as holding the relevant nominal amount of Swiss 
Notes in a securities account (Effektenkonto) with such custodian (Verwahrungsstelle) which is in their 
name (and the expression holder of Swiss Notes and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly).
Holders of Swiss Notes shall not have the right to effect or demand the conversion of the Swiss 
Permanent Global Note into, or the delivery of uncertificated securities (Wertrechte) or definitive Swiss 
Notes (Wertpapiere).
No physical delivery of Swiss Notes shall be made unless and until definitive Swiss Notes (Wertpapiere) 
are printed. The Swiss Permanent Global Note shall be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for 
definitive Notes (Wertpapiere) only if the Principal Swiss Paying Agent deems the printing of definitive

--- Page 41 ---
40
Notes (Wertpapiere) to be necessary or useful, after consultation with the relevant Issuer, or if, under 
Swiss or any other applicable laws and regulations, the enforcement of obligations under the Swiss 
Notes can only be ensured by means of presentation of definitive Notes (Wertpapiere). Should the 
Principal Swiss Paying Agent so determine, it shall provide for the printing and delivery of definitive 
Notes (Wertpapiere) with Coupons attached in accordance with the rules and regulations of the 
Intermediary and without cost to holders of the Swiss Notes. Should definitive Notes (Wertpapiere) with 
Coupons attached be so printed, the Swiss Permanent Global Note will immediately be cancelled by the 
Principal Swiss Paying Agent and the definitive Swiss Notes (Wertpapiere) with Coupons attached shall 
be delivered to the relevant holders of the Swiss Notes against cancellation of the relevant Swiss Notes 
in such holder’s securities accounts.
General provisions applicable to the Notes
The following legend will appear on all Permanent Global Notes and definitive Notes where TEFRA D is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms:
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS 
PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.”
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled 
to deduct any loss on Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in 
respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such 
Notes or interest coupons.
Notes which are represented by a global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or the Intermediary, as the 
case may be.
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”), the Agent 
shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series 
with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of 
such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which are different from the common 
code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the 
Tranches are consolidated and form a single Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the 
distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the 
Notes of such Tranche.
In addition, the Principal Swiss Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Swiss Notes 
represented on issue by a Swiss Permanent Global Note is issued which is intended to form a single 
Series with an existing Tranche of Swiss Notes so represented, the Swiss Notes of such further 
Tranche shall be assigned a Swiss Securities Number and ISIN which are different from the Swiss 
Securities Number and ISIN assigned to Swiss Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until 
such time as the further Tranche does form a single Series with the existing Tranche.
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or the Intermediary shall, 
whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative 
clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the 
relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Agent and the Trustee. Any reference herein to Common Depository 
shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to a depository for any such 
additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms.
In the event that any option of the relevant Issuer is exercised in respect of some but not all of the Notes 
of any Series, the rights of accountholders with a clearing system in respect of the Notes will be 
governed by the standard procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in

--- Page 42 ---
41
the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal 
amount, at their discretion) or any other alternative clearing system (as the case may be).
To the extent permissible under applicable laws and regulations, no Noteholder or Couponholder shall 
be entitled to proceed directly against the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor unless the Trustee, having 
become bound so to proceed, (i) fails so to do within a reasonable period, (ii) or is unable for any reason 
so to do and the failure or inability shall be continuing.
The relevant Issuer and the Guarantor may agree with any Dealer and the Trustee that Notes may be 
issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in which event, a new 
Base Prospectus will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in 
relation to such Notes.

--- Page 43 ---
42
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued 
under the Programme.
[THE CENTRAL BANK HAS NEITHER APPROVED NOR REVIEWED THESE FINAL TERMS.]1
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area (the EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the 
Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]2
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]3
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer['s/s’] product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, MiFID II)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
1 Include where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA nor offered in the EEA
in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation.
2 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no 
key information document will be prepared in the EEA or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail 
investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”.
3 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no 
key information document will be prepared in the UK or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors 
for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 44 ---
43
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook 
(COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018/EUWA] (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a UK distributor) should take 
into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a UK distributor subject 
to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.]
[In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as modified or 
amended from time to time, the SFA) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018), the Issuer has determined the 
classification of the Notes as prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 
2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of 
Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products).]4
[Date]
[CRH Finance DAC/CRH Funding B.V., with its corporate seat at Rijswijk (Zuid-Holland), The 
Netherlands/CRH SMW Finance DAC]
Legal entity identifier (LEI): [   ]
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes]
Guaranteed by CRH plc
under the €8,000,000,000
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in 
the Base Prospectus dated 14 August 2024 [and the supplement to it dated [    ]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation [(where Prospectus 
Regulation when used herein means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129)] (the Base Prospectus). This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant 
information.5 The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to it] and the Final Terms have been 
published on [issuer’s/financial Intermediaries’/regulated market’s] website. 
4 Amend notification if the Notes are “capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products” 
pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA or Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products). Relevant Manager(s)/Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary 
product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.
5 Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA nor offered in the EEA in 
circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 45 ---
44
[In the case of Swiss Notes listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange, use the following language:
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein. Terms used herein shall be 
deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 
14 August 2024 [and the supplement to it dated [    ]] ([together,] the Base Prospectus). These Final 
Terms, together with the Base Prospectus [and the supplement to it dated [    ]], are contained in the 
Swiss prospectus dated [    ] (the Swiss Prospectus) which constitutes the prospectus for the Swiss 
Notes for purposes of the Swiss Financial Services Act. The Final Terms do not constitute Final Terms 
for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the 
offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Swiss
Prospectus. Copies of the Swiss Prospectus including the Final Terms and the Base Prospectus (and 
any documents incorporated by reference therein) and the guarantee contained in the Amended and 
Restated Trust Deed dated 14 August 2024 are available at [[    ] or can ordered by telephone (+41 
[[    ]), fax (+41 [[    ]) or by e-mail ([[    ])].]
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [14 June 2023/24 April 2020/6 October 2016] [and 
the supplement to it dated [    ]] which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 14 
August 2024. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation [(where Prospectus Regulation when used herein means Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129)] and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 14 August 2024 [and 
the supplement to it dated [    ]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation (the Base Prospectus), save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted 
from the Base Prospectus dated [original date], in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base 
Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to it] and the Final Terms have been published on [issuer’s /financial 
Intermediaries’/regulated market’s] website.]
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
subparagraphs. Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.]
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum 
denomination must be at least the higher of €125,000 and £100,000 or its equivalent in any other 
currency.]
1.
(a)
Issuer:
[CRH Finance DAC/CRH Funding B.V./CRH SMW
Finance DAC]
(b)
Guarantor:
CRH plc
2.
(a)
Series Number:
[   ]
(b)
Tranche Number:
[   ]
(c)
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series:
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [[insert 
date]/the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary 
Global Note for interests in the Permanent Global 
Note, as referred to in paragraph 24 below, which 
is expected to occur on or about [date]]/[Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 46 ---
45
3.
Specified Currency or Currencies:
[   ]
4.
Aggregate Nominal Amount
(a)
Series:
[   ]
(b)
Tranche:
[   ]
5.
Issue Price:
[   ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date]
(if 
applicable)]
6.
(a)
Specified Denominations:
[   ]
(N.B. Notes admitted to trading on a regulated 
market within the EEA or offered to the public in 
any member state of the EEA must have a 
minimum 
denomination 
of 
€100,000 
(or 
equivalent).)
(Note –
where multiple denominations above 
[€100,000] or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed:
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000].”))
(For Notes admitted to trading and listed on the 
SIX Swiss Exchange the specified denomination 
will be CHF 5,000 and multiples thereof.)
(For Notes issued by CRH Funding B.V. the 
minimum denomination will be €100,000 (or 
equivalent).)
(b)
Calculation Amount (in relation to 
calculation of interest in global 
form see Conditions):
[   ]
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified 
Denomination. 
If 
more 
than 
one 
Specified 
Denomination, 
insert 
the 
highest 
common factor. Note: There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.)
7.
(a)
Issue Date:
[   ]
(b)
Interest Commencement Date:
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero 
Coupon Notes.)

--- Page 47 ---
46
8.
Maturity Date:
[Fixed rate - specify date/ Floating rate - Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify 
month]]6
9.
Interest Basis:
[[   ] per cent. per annum Fixed Rate]
[[   ] month [EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR]]
[+/- [   ] per cent.] Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon]
[[   ] per cent. per annum Fixed Rate subject to the 
Step Up Margin (as defined below) and further 
particulars thereon described in paragraph [14] 
below]
(see paragraph [14]/[15]/[16] below)
10.
Redemption Basis:
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [   ] per cent. of their nominal 
amount
11.
Change of Interest Basis:
[Applicable - Specify the date when any fixed to 
floating rate change occurs or cross refer to 
paragraphs 14
and 15 below
and identify 
there][Applicable, 
as 
further 
described 
in 
paragraph [14] below][Not Applicable]
12.
Put/Call Options:
[Issuer Call]
[Clean-up Call Option]
[Investor Put]
[Investor Put Option upon a Change of Control]
[Not Applicable]
[(see paragraph [18]/[19]/[20]/[21] below)]
13.
(a)
Status of the Notes:
Senior
(b)
Status of the Guarantee:
Senior
(c)
[Date 
[Board] 
approval 
for 
issuance 
of 
Notes 
[and 
Guarantee] obtained:
Issuer: [   ] [and [   ], respectively]]
Guarantor: [   ] [and [   ], respectively]]
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes or related Guarantee)
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
14.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Rate(s) of Interest:
[[   ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date]
[[   ] per cent. per annum (the Initial Rate of 
Interest) or, where adjusted, as applicable, in 
6
For Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate Notes where the Interest Payment Dates are subject to 
modification it will be necessary to use the second option.

--- Page 48 ---
47
accordance with the provisions of paragraph 
[14(h)] below resulting in the application of the 
Step Up Margin in respect of any Fixed Interest 
Period, the aggregate of the Initial Rate of Interest 
plus the Step Up Margin (the Adjusted Rate of 
Interest), in any case payable annually in arrear.  
For the avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding any 
adjustment in accordance with the provisions 
below, the Rate of Interest in respect of any Fixed 
Rate Period shall never be lower than the Initial 
Rate of Interest nor higher than the Adjusted Rate 
of Interest.]
(b)
Interest Payment Date(s):
[[   ] in each year commencing on and including 
[   ], up to and including the Maturity Date]/[specify 
other]
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons)
(c)
[Interest 
Payment 
Date 
Adjustment:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]7
(d)
Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount(s) 
for 
Notes in definitive form (and in 
relation to Notes in global form 
see Conditions):
[[   ] per Calculation Amount [(in respect of any 
Fixed Interest Period where the applicable Rate of 
Interest is the Initial Rate of Interest).]
[[   ] per Calculation Amount [(in respect of any 
Fixed Interest Period where the applicable Rate of 
Interest is the Adjusted Rate of Interest).]8
(e)
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes 
in 
global 
form 
see
Conditions):
[   ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [   ] [Not 
Applicable]
(f)
Day Count Fraction:
[30/360] 
[Actual/Actual(ICMA)] 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]9
[Actual/Actual 
Canadian 
Compound 
Method]
(g)
Determination Date(s):
[   ] in each year][Not Applicable]
[Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue date 
or maturity date in the case of a long or short first 
or last coupon]
(h)
Step Up Rating Change and/or 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
7
For certain Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate Notes, Interest Payment Dates are subject to modification 
as per Condition 4.1.
8
For Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate Notes where the Interest Payment Date Adjustment is applicable, 
the following alternative wording is appropriate: “Each Fixed Coupon Amount shall be calculated by 
multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the Calculation Amount by the Day Count Fraction and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest CNY0.01, CNY0.005, being rounded upwards.”.
9
Applicable to Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate Notes.

--- Page 49 ---
48
Step Down Rating Change:
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraph of this paragraph)

Step Up Margin:
[[   ] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable]
15.
Floating Rate Note Provisions:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Specified Period(s)/ Specified 
Interest Payment Dates:
[   ][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (b) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]
(b)
Business Day Convention:
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Not Applicable]
(c)
Additional Business Centre(s):
[   ]
(d)
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent):
[   ] (the Calculation Agent)
(e)
Screen Rate Determination:
[Term Rate/Overnight Rate]

Calculation Method: 
[Compounded Daily
(Formula Rate)/Weighted 
Average/Compounded Daily (Index Rate)
/Not 
Applicable]
(Not 
Applicable 
if 
the 
Reference 
Rate 
is 
EURIBOR)

Reference Rate:
[[   ] month [EURIBOR] [SONIA] [SOFR] [€STR]]

Interest 
Determination 
Date(s):
[[]/The date falling [] Business Days prior to the 
first day of each Interest Period/First day of each 
Interest Period/The [] Business Day immediately 
preceding the Interest Payment Date for each 
Interest Period (or the date falling “p” Business 
Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the 
Notes become due and payable)/The date falling 
“p” Business Days prior to the Interest Payment 
Date for each Interest Period (or immediately 
preceding such earlier date, if any, on which the 
Notes are due and payable)]
(The second day on which T2 is open prior to the 
start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR)

Relevant Screen Page:
[   ]
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters

--- Page 50 ---
49
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately)

Observation Method:
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation Shift/Not Applicable]

Lag Look-back Period (p):
[[]/Not Applicable]

Observation Shift Period 
(p):
[[]/Not Applicable]

Compounded 
Index 
Period (p):
[[]/Not Applicable]
(Only applicable where the Calculation Method is 
Compounded Daily (Index Rate))

D:
[[●]/365/360/As per the Conditions]

Relevant Decimal Place:
[[●]/As per the Conditions]

Relevant Time:
[[]/Not Applicable]
(Only applicable where the Calculation Method is 
Compounded Daily (Index Rate))
(f)
Linear Interpolation:
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify 
for each short or long interest period)]
(g)
Margin(s):
[+/-][   ] per cent. per annum
[The Margin will initially be [+/-] [   ] per cent. per 
annum (the Initial Margin) unless adjusted, as 
applicable, in accordance with the provisions of 
paragraph [15(k)] below resulting in the application 
of the Step Up Margin, the aggregate of the Initial 
Margin plus the Step Up Margin (the Adjusted 
Margin). 
For 
the 
avoidance 
of 
doubt, 
notwithstanding any adjustment in accordance 
with the provisions below, the Margin in respect of 
any Interest Period shall never be lower than the 
Initial Margin nor higher than the Adjusted Margin.]
(h)
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[   ] per cent. per annum
(i)
Maximum Rate of Interest:
[   ] per cent. per annum
(j)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual]
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]
[Actual/360]
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis]
[30E/360][Eurobond basis]
[30E/360 (ISDA)]
(k)
Step Up Rating Change and/or 
Step Down Rating Change:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining

--- Page 51 ---
50
subparagraph of this paragraph)]

Step Up Margin:
[[   ] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable]
16.
Zero Coupon Note Provisions:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Accrual Yield:
[   ] per cent. per annum
(b)
Reference Price:
[   ]
(c)
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts:
[30/360]
[Actual/360]
[Actual/365]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
17.
Notice periods for Condition 6.2:
Minimum period: [   ] days
Maximum period: [   ] days
18.
Issuer Call:
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[   ]/[Any date on or after [    ] – Issuer Call Option 
applies. 
[Any date prior to but excluding [    ] –
Make Whole Call Option applies.
(b)
Optional Redemption Amount:
[For Issuer Call Option: [   ] per Calculation 
Amount]
[For Make Whole Call Option: Make Whole 
Optional Redemption Amount (as specified in the 
Conditions)]
(If Make Whole Optional Redemption Amount is 
selected, include items (A) through (E) below or 
relevant options as set out in Condition 6.3)]
(A)
[Euro]/[Sterling] Reference 
Stock:
[   ] 
(B) 
Discount Margin:
[   ]/ [Not Applicable]
(C) 
Determination Date:
[   ] Business Day immediately preceding the Make 
Whole Optional Redemption Date 
(D) 
Day Count Fraction:
[30/360] [Actual/Actual(ICMA)] [Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual]
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]
[Actual/360]
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis]
[30E/360][Eurobond basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]

--- Page 52 ---
51
(E) 
Make Whole Determination 
Agent:
[   ]
(c)
If redeemable in part:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount:
[For Issuer Call Option: [   ] per Calculation 
Amount] 
[For Make Whole Call Option: [   ] per Calculation 
Amount] 
(ii)
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount:
[For Issuer Call Option: [   ] per Calculation 
Amount] 
[For Make Whole Call Option: [   ] per Calculation 
Amount]
(d)
Notice periods:
Minimum period: [   ] days
Maximum period: [   ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days’ notice for a call) 
and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent or Trustee)
19.
Clean-up Call Option:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Early Redemption Amount:
[   ] per Calculation Amount 
(b)
Minimum Percentage:
[   ] per cent.
20.
Investor Put:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[   ]
(b)
Optional Redemption Amount:
[   ] per Calculation Amount
(c)
Notice periods:
Minimum period: [   ] days
Maximum period: [   ] days
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days’ notice for a put)

--- Page 53 ---
52
and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent or Trustee)
21.
Investor Put Option upon a Change of 
Control:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
Early Redemption Amount:
[   ] per Calculation Amount
22.
Final Redemption Amount:
[   ] per Calculation Amount
23.
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default:
[   ] per Calculation Amount
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per 
cent. of the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early 
Redemption Amount is likely to be par (but 
consider). If, however, the Final Redemption 
Amount is other than 100 per cent. of the nominal 
value, consideration should be given to what the 
Early Redemption Amount should be.)
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
24.
Form of Notes:
(a)
[Form:]
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes [on 60 days’ notice given at any 
time/only upon an Exchange Event]]
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date]
[Permanent 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes [on 60 days’ notice given at any 
time/only upon an Exchange Event/at any time at 
the request of the Issuer]]
[Swiss Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
definitive Swiss Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Swiss Permanent Global Note]
(N.B. The exchange upon notice/at any time 
options should not be expressed to be applicable if 
the Specified Denomination of the Notes in 
paragraph 6 includes language substantially to the 
following effect: “[€100,000] and integral multiples 
of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000].” 
Furthermore, 
such 
Specified 
Denomination construction is not permitted in 
relation to any issue of Notes which is to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes.)
(b)
[New Global Note:
[Yes][No]]
(In the case of a Swiss Permanent Global Note, 
this must be No)

--- Page 54 ---
53
25.
Additional Financial Centre(s):
[Not Applicable/give details] [Zurich, Switzerland] 
(in the case of Swiss Notes listed on the SIX 
Swiss Exchange)
(Note that this paragraph relates to the place of 
payment and not Interest Period end dates to 
which sub-paragraph 15(c) relates)
26.
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature):
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon 
payments are still to be made/No]
27.
Use of Proceeds:
[   ]
(The above is only relevant in the case of Swiss 
Notes listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange)
PROVISIONS 
RELATING 
TO 
RMB 
DENOMINATED NOTES
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
28.
RMB Currency Event:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
29.
Spot Rate (if different from that set out in 
Condition 5.8):
[Specify/Not Applicable]
30.
Party responsible for calculating the Spot 
Rate:
[Give name (the RMB Calculation Agent)]
31.
Relevant Currency (if different from that 
set out in Condition 5.8):
[Specify/Not Applicable]
32.
RMB Settlement Centre(s):
[Specify/Not Applicable]
RESPONSIBILITY
The Issuer and the Guarantor accept responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. [Each of the/The] Issuer 
[and the Guarantor] confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it 
is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading].
[In the case of Swiss Notes listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange, insert: The Issuer and the Guarantor 
confirm that, to the best of their knowledge, the information contained in the Swiss Prospectus is correct 
and no material facts or circumstances have been omitted.]
Signed on behalf of [CRH Finance DAC/CRH 
Funding B.V./CRH SMW Finance DAC]:
Signed on behalf of CRH plc:
By:........................................................................
Duly authorised
By: ........................................................................
Duly authorised

--- Page 55 ---
54
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION
1.
LISTING
(i)
Admission to trading:
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original securities are already 
admitted to trading) [Application has been made to 
Euronext Dublin for the Notes to be admitted to 
the Official List of Euronext Dublin and trading on 
its regulated market with effect from [   ].] 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
the Official List of Euronext Dublin and trading on 
its regulated market with effect from [   ].][Not 
Applicable]
[Application has been made for the Notes to be 
provisionally admitted to trading on the SIX Swiss 
Exchange with effect from [   ]. The last trading 
day is expected to be [second business day prior 
to the Maturity Date].
[Application for definitive listing in accordance with 
the Standard for Bonds on the SIX Swiss 
Exchange will be made as soon as practicable 
and, if granted, will only be granted after the Issue 
Date.]
[Representation
In accordance with Articles 43 and 58a of the 
Listing Rules of the SIX Swiss Exchange, [name 
of recognised representative], located at [address 
of recognised representative] has been appointed 
by the Issuer and the Guarantor as recognised 
representative to lodge the listing application with 
the SIX Exchange Regulation of the SIX Swiss 
Exchange.
[Not Applicable.]]
(ii)
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading:
[   ]
(iii)
Minimum trading size:
[   ] [Not Applicable]
(N.B. Required in case of Notes listed on SIX 
Swiss Exchange, if only multiple denominations 
can be traded)
2.
RATINGS
Ratings:
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are 
expected to be]] rated]/[The following ratings

--- Page 56 ---
55
reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this type 
issued under the Programme generally]:
[insert details] by [insert legal names of relevant 
CRA(s)].
[Each of] [defined terms] is established in the 
[European Economic Area/United Kingdom] and is 
registered under [Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
(as amended) (the CRA Regulation)/Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the [European 
Union (Withdrawal Act) 2018/EUWA] (the UK 
CRA Regulation)]. 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider.]
3.
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE
[Save for any fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far 
as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to 
the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future 
engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform 
other services for, the Issuer and the Guarantor and their affiliates in the ordinary course of 
business - Amend as appropriate if there are other interests]
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)]
4.
YIELD
(FIXED RATE NOTES ONLY)
Indication of yield:
[   ]
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield.
5.
REASONS FOR THE 
OFFER AND 
ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS
(i)
Reasons for the offer:
[See 
“Use 
of 
Proceeds” 
in 
the 
Base 
Prospectus/Give details]
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in the Base 
Prospectus – if reasons for offer different from 
what is disclosed in the Base Prospectus, give 
details)
(ii)
Estimated net proceeds:
[   ]
6.
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
(i)
ISIN:
[   ]

--- Page 57 ---
56
(ii)
Common Code:
[   ]
(iii)
CFI:
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not 
Available]
(iv)
FISN:
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not 
Available] 
(v)
Swiss Security Number:
[   ] [Not Applicable]
(vi)
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and SIX SIS AG and 
the relevant identification 
number(s):
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)]
(vii)
Delivery:
Delivery [against/free of] payment
(viii)
Names and addresses of initial 
Paying Agent(s):
[   ] [Not Applicable]
(ix)
Deemed delivery of clearing 
system notices for the purposes of 
Condition 13:
Any notice delivered to Noteholders through the 
clearing systems will be deemed to have been 
given on the [second] [business] day after the day 
on which it was given to Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg.
(x)
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) 
(including, in the case of Swiss 
Notes, the Swiss Paying Agent(s)) 
(if any):
[   ] [Not Applicable]
(xi)
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend on the ECB being satisfied 
that the Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.]/
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the

--- Page 58 ---
57
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]]
(xii)
DISTRIBUTION
(A)
Method of distribution:
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]
(B)
If syndicated, names of 
Managers:
[Not Applicable/give names]
(C)
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) 
(if any):
[Not Applicable/give name]
(D)
If non-syndicated, name 
and address of relevant 
Dealer:
[Not Applicable/give name and address]
(E)
U.S. Selling Restrictions:
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]; TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable]]
(F)      Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Applicable” should be 
specified.)
(G)     Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged”
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared
in the UK, “Applicable” should be 
specified.)
(H)
Prohibition of Sales to 
Belgian Consumers:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction.)

--- Page 59 ---
58
(I)
[Singapore 
Sales 
to 
Institutional Investors and 
Accredited Investors only:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]
(Consider deleting this subparagraph if no sales 
are being made to investors in Singapore.)
(If the Notes are offered to Institutional Investors 
and Accredited Investors in Singapore only, 
“Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes are 
also offered to investors other than Institutional 
Investors and Accredited Investors in Singapore, 
“Not Applicable” should be specified; however, 
parties should consider the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore’s 
Notice 
on 
Business 
Conduct 
Requirements for Corporate Finance Advisers on 
23 February 2023 and the related due diligence 
requirements, and “Not Applicable” should only be 
specified if no corporate finance advice is given by 
any Manager or Dealer.)

--- Page 60 ---
59
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into 
each Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the 
relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the relevant Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have 
endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Final Terms (or the 
relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note 
or, as the case may be, each Swiss Permanent Global Note and definitive Swiss Note. Reference 
should be made to “Form of the Notes” for a description of the content of Final Terms which will specify 
which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes.
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by whichever of CRH Finance DAC 
(CRH Finance), CRH Funding B.V. (CRH Funding B.V.) or CRH SMW Finance DAC (CRH SMW) is 
specified as the Issuer in the applicable Final Terms (as defined below) and references to the Issuer 
shall be construed accordingly. This Note is constituted by an amended and restated trust deed (such 
amended and restated trust deed as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, 
the Trust Deed) dated 14 August 2024 between CRH Finance, CRH Funding B.V. and CRH SMW and 
CRH plc (as guarantor (the Guarantor)) and Deutsche Trustee Company Limited (the Trustee, which 
expression shall include any successor as Trustee).
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean:
(a)
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency;
(b)
any Global Note (including a Swiss Permanent Global Note (as defined below)); and
(c)
any definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note.
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an amended and restated agency 
agreement (such amended and restated agency agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or 
restated from time to time, the Agency Agreement) dated 14 August 2024 and made between CRH 
Finance, CRH Funding B.V. and CRH SMW, the Guarantor, the Trustee, Deutsche Bank AG, London 
Branch as issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank in respect of all Notes other than Swiss 
Notes (as defined below) (the Agent, which expression shall include any successor agent, and together 
with any additional or successor paying agents appointed from time to time, the Paying Agents) and 
UBS AG as issuing and principal paying agent or any other issuing and principal paying agent specified 
in the applicable Final Terms in respect of Notes represented on issue by a Swiss Permanent Global 
Note (the Principal Swiss Paying Agent, which expression shall include any successor principal Swiss 
paying agent). If this Note is represented on issue by a Swiss Permanent Global Note, the Principal 
Swiss Paying Agent and the other Swiss paying agents named in the applicable Final Terms will act as 
Agent and Paying Agents, respectively, in respect of this Note and the expressions Agent and Paying 
Agents shall be construed accordingly. In respect of each Tranche of Swiss Notes, the Issuer shall enter 
into a Supplemental Agency Agreement (substantially in the form of Schedule 3 to the Agency 
Agreement) with, inter alios, the Principal Swiss Paying Agent, copies of which will be obtainable during 
normal business hours at the specified offices of the Principal Swiss Paying Agent.
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions) and 
may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent 
inconsistent with the Conditions, replace or modify the Conditions for the purposes of this Note. 
References to the applicable Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or 
the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note.

--- Page 61 ---
60
Interest bearing definitive Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of Notes which, 
when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further 
Coupons (Talons) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the 
context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons.
Any reference to Noteholders or holders in relation to any Notes shall mean the holders of the Notes 
and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below. Any 
reference herein to Couponholders shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the 
context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons. The Trustee acts for the benefit of the 
holders for the time being of the Notes (the Noteholders, which expression shall, in relation to any 
Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below), the holders of the Coupons (the 
Couponholders, which expression shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of 
the Talons), in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed.
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or 
Tranches of Notes which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the 
same terms and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the 
amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to 
accrue.
Copies of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement (i) are available for inspection during normal 
business hours at the registered office for the time being of the Trustee being at 21 Moorfields, London 
EC2Y 9DB and at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents or (ii) may be provided by email to a 
Noteholder following their prior written request to the Agent, the Trustee or any other Paying Agent and 
provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the Agent, the Trustee or the relevant 
Paying Agent, as the case may be). Copies of the applicable Final Terms are available for viewing at 
the registered office of the Issuer and of the Agent and copies may be obtained from those offices save 
that, if this Note is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area or 
a UK regulated market as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of United Kingdom 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 nor offered in the European 
Economic Area or the United Kingdom in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published 
under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 or the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as the case may be,
the applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes and such 
Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer, the Trustee and the relevant Paying Agent 
as to its holding of such Notes and identity. The Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to 
have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed and the applicable 
Final Terms which are applicable to them and are deemed to have notice of all the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement applicable to them. The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are 
subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement.
Words and expressions defined in the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable 
Final Terms shall have the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise 
requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Trust 
Deed and the Agency Agreement, the Trust Deed will prevail and, in the event of inconsistency between 
the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms 
will prevail.
As used herein, euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as 
amended. CNY, RMB and Renminbi each mean the currency of the PRC and PRC means the People’s 
Republic of China which for the purpose of these Terms and Conditions, excludes the Hong Kong 
Special Administrative Region of the PRC, the Macao Special Administrative Region of the PRC and 
Taiwan.

--- Page 62 ---
61
1.
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the 
currency (the Specified Currency) and the denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be 
exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination.
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or a Zero Coupon Note, or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable 
Final Terms.
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in 
which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable.
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery. The Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Paying Agents and the Trustee will (except as otherwise required by law) deem 
and treat the bearer of any Note or Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not 
overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any 
previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without 
prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph.
Save as provided below in respect of Swiss Notes, for so long as any of the Notes is 
represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or 
Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), each person (other than Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which 
regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to 
the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive 
and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, 
the Guarantor, the Paying Agents and the Trustee as the holder of such nominal amount of 
such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on 
such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Global Note 
shall be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor, any Paying Agent and the Trustee as the holder of 
such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant 
Global Note and the expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and related expressions 
shall be construed accordingly. In determining whether a particular person is entitled to a 
particular nominal amount of Notes as aforesaid, the Trustee may rely on such evidence and/or 
information and/or certification as it shall, in its absolute discretion, think fit and, if it does so 
rely, such evidence and/or information and/or certification shall, in the absence of manifest 
error, be conclusive and binding on all concerned.
Notes denominated in Swiss Francs and to be listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange (Swiss Notes) 
will be issued in the form of a Swiss permanent global note (the Swiss Permanent Global 
Note).
A Swiss Permanent Global Note will be deposited by the Principal Swiss Paying Agent with SIX 
SIS AG, the Swiss Securities Services Corporation in Olten, Switzerland (SIS) or any other 
intermediary in Switzerland recognised for such purposes by the SIX Swiss Exchange (SIS or 
any such other intermediary, the Intermediary) until final redemption of the Swiss Notes or the 
exchange of the Swiss Permanent Global Note for definitive Notes with Coupons attached as 
set out below. Once a Swiss Permanent Global Note has been deposited with the Intermediary 
and the relevant interests in the Swiss Notes have been entered into the accounts of one or 
more participants of the Intermediary, the Swiss Notes will constitute intermediated securities 
(Bucheffekten) (Intermediated Securities) in accordance with the provisions of the Swiss 
Federal Intermediated Securities Act (Bucheffektengesetz).

--- Page 63 ---
62
Each holder of Swiss Notes shall have a quotal co-ownership interest (Miteigentumsanteil) in 
the Swiss Permanent Global Note to the extent of its claim against the Issuer, provided that for 
so long as the Swiss Permanent Global Note remains deposited with the Intermediary, the co-
ownership interest shall be suspended and the Swiss Notes may only be transferred or 
otherwise disposed of in accordance with the provisions of the Swiss Federal Intermediated 
Securities Act (Bucheffektengesetz) i.e. by entry of the transferred Swiss Notes in a securities 
account of the transferee.
The records of the Intermediary will determine the nominal amount of Swiss Notes represented 
by the Swiss Permanent Global Note and held by or through each participant in the 
Intermediary. The holders of Swiss Notes held in the form of Intermediated Securities will be the 
persons for the time being shown in the records of any custodian (Verwahrungsstelle) as 
holding the relevant nominal amount of Swiss Notes in a securities account (Effektenkonto) with 
such custodian (Verwahrungsstelle) which is in their name (and the expression holder of Swiss 
Notes and related expressions shall be construed accordingly).
Holders of Swiss Notes shall not have the right to effect or demand the conversion of the Swiss 
Permanent Global Note into, or the delivery of uncertificated securities (Wertrechte) or definitive 
Swiss Notes (Wertpapiere).
No physical delivery of Swiss Notes shall be made unless and until definitive Swiss Notes 
(Wertpapiere) are printed. The Swiss Permanent Global Note shall be exchangeable in whole, 
but not in part, for definitive Notes (Wertpapiere) only if the Principal Swiss Paying Agent deems 
the printing of definitive Notes (Wertpapiere) to be necessary or useful, after consultation with 
the relevant Issuer, or if, under Swiss or any other applicable laws and regulations, the 
enforcement of obligations under the Swiss Notes can only be ensured by means of 
presentation of definitive Notes (Wertpapiere). Should the Principal Swiss Paying Agent so 
determine, it shall provide for the printing and delivery of definitive Notes (Wertpapiere) with 
Coupons attached in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Intermediary and without 
cost to holders of the Swiss Notes. Should definitive Notes (Wertpapiere) with Coupons 
attached be so printed, the Swiss Permanent Global Note will immediately be cancelled by the 
Principal Swiss Paying Agent and the definitive Swiss Notes (Wertpapiere) with Coupons 
attached shall be delivered to the relevant holders of the Swiss Notes against cancellation of 
the relevant Swiss Notes in such holder’s securities accounts.
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or the 
Intermediary, as the case may be. References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or the Intermediary shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a 
reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.
2.
STATUS OF THE NOTES AND THE GUARANTEE
2.1
Status of the Notes
The Notes and any relative Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to 
the provisions of Condition 3) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among 
themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with all 
other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer, from time 
to time outstanding but, in the event of insolvency, only to the extent permitted by applicable 
laws relating to creditors’ rights.

--- Page 64 ---
63
2.2
Status of the Guarantee
The payment of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and all other moneys payable by 
the Issuer under or pursuant to the Trust Deed has been unconditionally and irrevocably 
guaranteed by the Guarantor in the Trust Deed (the Guarantee). The obligations of the 
Guarantor under the Guarantee are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 3) unsecured obligations of the Guarantor and (save for certain 
obligations required to be preferred by law) rank and will rank equally with all other outstanding 
unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Guarantor, present 
and future, but, in the event of insolvency, only to the extent permitted by applicable laws 
relating to creditors’ rights.
3.
NEGATIVE PLEDGE
So long as any of the Notes or Coupons remain outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed),
each of the Issuer and the Guarantor undertakes that it will not and, in the case of the 
Guarantor, that it will procure that no Principal Subsidiary (as defined below) will, create or have 
outstanding any mortgage, charge, pledge lien or other form of encumbrance or security interest 
(each a Security Interest) other than a Permitted Security Interest (as defined below) upon the 
whole or any part of its undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital), present 
or future, in order to secure any Relevant Debt (as defined below) or to secure any guarantee of 
or indemnity in respect of any Relevant Debt, unless at the same time or prior thereto, the 
Issuer’s obligations under the Notes, the Coupons and the Trust Deed or, as the case may be, 
the Guarantor’s obligations under the Guarantee (A) are secured equally and rateably therewith 
to the satisfaction of the Trustee or (B) have the benefit of such other security, guarantee, 
indemnity or other arrangement as the Trustee in its absolute discretion shall deem to be not 
materially less beneficial to the Noteholders or as shall be approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the Noteholders.
For the purposes of these Conditions:
Group means the Guarantor and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole;
Permitted Security Interest means:
(a)
any Security Interest arising solely by operation of law; or
(b)
any Security Interest upon the whole or any part of the present or future undertaking, 
assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) of any company which is acquired by 
the Issuer, the Guarantor or a Principal Subsidiary, as the case may be, after the date on 
which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes and where such 
Security Interest was created prior to the date of such acquisition, provided that such 
Security Interest was not created in contemplation of such acquisition and the amount 
thereby secured has not been increased in contemplation of, or since the date of, such 
acquisition; or
(c)
any Security Interest in respect of Relevant Debt which exists on the date on which 
agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes; or
(d)
any extension, renewal or replacement (or successive extensions, renewals or 
replacements), as a whole or in part, of any Security Interest referred to in any of the 
foregoing paragraphs or of any Relevant Debt secured thereby; or
(e)
any one or more other Security Interest(s) not falling within (a) to (d) above and securing 
indebtedness the principal, capital or nominal amount of which does not exceed 10 per

--- Page 65 ---
64
cent. of Consolidated Tangible Net Worth (as defined in Condition 9.1) or its equivalent in 
other currencies at any time;
Principal Subsidiary means:
(a)
any Subsidiary of the Guarantor which is an active trading company and whose 
unconsolidated net assets or pre-tax profit, as the case may be, equal or exceed 10 per 
cent. of the consolidated net assets or adjusted consolidated pre-tax profit, respectively, of 
the Group, and for the purposes of the above:
(i)
the consolidated net assets of the Group shall be ascertained by reference to 
the latest audited published consolidated accounts of the Group;
(ii)
the adjusted consolidated pre-tax profit of the Group shall be the aggregate of:
(A)
the consolidated pre-tax profit of the Group ascertained by reference to 
the latest audited published consolidated accounts of the Group; and
(B)
the consolidated pre-tax profit (the pre-acquisition profit) of any 
Subsidiary which became a member of the Group during the period for 
which the latest audited published consolidated accounts of the Group 
were prepared (an acquired Subsidiary) for the part of that period which 
falls before the effective date of that acquisition, calculated in 
accordance with accounting standards used in the preparation of the 
latest audited published accounts of the Group;
(iii)
the net assets of any Subsidiary shall be the net assets of that Subsidiary 
calculated in accordance with accounting standards used in the preparation of 
the latest audited published accounts of the Group; and
(iv)
the pre-tax profit of any Subsidiary shall be the pre-tax profit of that Subsidiary 
calculated in accordance with accounting standards used in the preparation of 
the latest audited published accounts of the Group plus, in the case of any 
acquired Subsidiary, an amount equal to any pre-acquisition, pre-tax profit.
For the purposes of the above, “net assets” in respect of the Group or any such 
Subsidiary means the fixed assets and current assets of the Group or that trading 
Subsidiary (as the case may be) but excluding investments in any Subsidiary and intra 
group balances; or
(b)
a Subsidiary of the Guarantor to which has been transferred (whether by one transaction or 
a series of transactions, related or not) the whole or substantially the whole of the assets of 
a Subsidiary which immediately prior to the relevant transaction(s) was a Principal 
Subsidiary.
A certificate signed by two directors of the Guarantor whether or not addressed to the Trustee 
that, in their opinion, a Subsidiary of the Guarantor is or is not or was or was not at any 
particular time or throughout any specified period, a Principal Subsidiary shall, in the absence of 
manifest error, be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Noteholders, all 
as further provided in the Trust Deed;
Relevant Debt means any present or future indebtedness in the form of, or represented by, 
bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or other securities that are for the time being, or are 
intended to be (with the agreement of the issuer thereof) quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on 
any stock exchange, over-the-counter or other securities market and which have an original 
maturity of more than one year; and

--- Page 66 ---
65
Subsidiary means any entity whose affairs are required by law or in accordance with the 
generally accepted accounting principles used in the preparation of the audited annual 
consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor to be fully consolidated in such financial 
statements.
4.
INTEREST
4.1
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at 
the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the 
Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date.
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount 
of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending 
on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on 
any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the 
Broken Amount so specified.
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or 
first) Interest Payment Date.
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or 
Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect 
of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to:
(A)
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note; 
or
(B)
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount;
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction.
The resultant figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount 
to the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form) shall be rounded to 
the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be 
the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation 
Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination, without any further rounding.
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 4.1:
(a)
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms:
(i)
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the 
Accrual Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period

--- Page 67 ---
66
divided by the product of (I) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (II) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or
(ii)
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of:
(A)
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and
(B)
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year;
(b)
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360; 
(c)
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365; and
(d)
if “Actual/Actual Canadian Compound Method” is specified in the applicable Final Terms,
(i) where interest is paid semi-annually, when calculating interest for a full semi-annual 
fixed rate interest period the day count fraction is 30/360 and (ii) whenever it is necessary 
to compute any amount of accrued interest in respect of the Notes for a period of less than 
one full year, other than in respect of a full semi-annual fixed rate interest period, such 
interest will be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days in the period and a 
year of 365 days.
In the Conditions:
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement 
Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on 
the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, 
such date); and
sub unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to 
euro, one cent.
In the case of Notes denominated in Renminbi, if: 
(a)
“Interest Payment Date Adjustment” is specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b)
(x) there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest 
Payment Date should occur or (y) any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day 
which is not a Business Day, 
then such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment

--- Page 68 ---
67
Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. For these purposes, 
Business Day has the meaning given to in Condition 4.2(a) below.
4.2
Interest on Floating Rate Notes
(a)
Interest Payment Dates
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and such interest will be payable in arrear on either:
(i)
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or
(ii)
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an 
Interest Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified as 
the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment 
Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date.
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In the Conditions, Interest 
Period means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date) or the 
relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment 
Date.
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should 
occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is:
(A)
in 
any 
case 
where 
Specified 
Periods 
are 
specified 
in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 4.2(a)(ii) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
(a) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant 
month and the provisions of (ii) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of 
(y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) such Interest Payment Date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each 
subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which 
falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date 
occurred; or
(B)
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or
(C)
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or
(D)
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.
In the Conditions:

--- Page 69 ---
68
€STR means, in respect of any T2 Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily euro short-
term rate for such T2 Business Day, as provided by the European Central Bank, as the 
administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate), on the website of the 
European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of such rate) or any successor source, 
in each case, at the time specified by, or determined in accordance with, the applicable 
methodology, policies or guidelines of the administrator of such rate, on the T2 Business Day 
immediately following such T2 Business Day;
Business Day, unless otherwise defined, means a day which is both:
(a)
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in each Additional Business Centre specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; and
(b)
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro or 
Renminbi, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant 
Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New 
Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (ii) in relation to any 
sum payable in euro, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer System or any successor to or replacement for that 
system (T2) is open (T2 Business Day) or (iii) in relation to any sum payable in 
Renminbi, a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday) on which commercial 
banks in the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) are generally open for business and 
settlement of Renminbi payments in the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s);
London Banking Day means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London;
RMB Settlement Centre(s) means the financial centre(s) specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. If no RMB Settlement Centre is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the RMB Settlement Centre shall be deemed to be 
Hong Kong;
SOFR means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, a reference rate 
equal to the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate for such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of 
such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York (or any successor administrator of such rate) or any successor source, in 
each case at or about 5.00 p.m. (New York City Time) on the U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day immediately following such U.S. Government Securities Business Day;
SONIA means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference rate equal to the daily 
Sterling Overnight Index Average rate for such London Banking Day as provided by the 
administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen 
Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised 
distributors, in each case on the London Banking Day immediately following such London 
Banking Day; and
U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or 
a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (or any successor 
thereto) recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire 
day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities.

--- Page 70 ---
69
(b)
Rate of Interest
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified below.
(i)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes – Term Rate
Where “Term Rate” is specified as the method of Screen Rate Determination in the 
applicable Final Terms and the relevant Reference Rate is not SONIA, SOFR or €STR,
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject to Condition 4.2(h) and as 
provided below, be either:
(A)
the offered quotation; or
(B)
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations,
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being EURIBOR, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case may 
be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or any successor or replacement page, section, 
caption, column or other part of a particular information service which displays the 
information) as at 11.00 a.m. Brussels time on the Interest Determination Date in 
question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), 
all as determined by the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable. If five or more of 
such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if 
there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the 
lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) 
shall be disregarded by the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, for the 
purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such 
offered quotations.
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for determining the Rate of Interest in the 
event that the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (A) above, no 
such offered quotation appears or, in the case of (B) above, fewer than three such 
offered quotations appear, in each case as at the time specified in the preceding 
paragraph.  
(ii)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes – Overnight Rate 
(A)
Where “Overnight Rate” is specified as the method of Screen Rate 
Determination, “SONIA”, “SOFR” or “€STR” is specified as the relevant 
Reference Rate and “Compounded Daily (Formula Rate)” is specified as the 
Calculation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject to Condition 4.2(h) and as provided below, be the 
Compounded Daily Reference Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin (if any), where: 
Compounded Daily Reference Rate means, with respect to an Interest 
Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in the 
Specified Currency (with the applicable Reference Rate (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms and further provided for below) as the reference rate for 
the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest 
Relevant Decimal Place:

--- Page 71 ---
70
where:
D shall, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, be (1) where 
“SONIA” is specified as the relevant Reference Rate in the applicable Final 
Terms, 365; and (2) where “SOFR” or “€STR” is specified as the relevant 
Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, 360; 
d is the number of calendar days in:
a.
where “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest 
Period; or
b.
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Period;
do is the number of Business Days in:
a.
where “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest 
Period; or
b.
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Period;
i is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Business Day 
in:
a.
where “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest 
Period; or
b.
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Period;
Business Day, in this Condition 4.2(b)(ii)(A), means, (1) where “SONIA” is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant Reference Rate, any day 
which is a London Banking Day; (2) where “SOFR” is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the relevant Reference Rate, any day which is a U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day; and (3) where “€STR” is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the relevant Reference Rate, any day which is a T2
Business Day; 
Lock-out Period means the period from, and including, the day following the 
Interest Determination Date to, but excluding, the corresponding Interest 
Payment Date;

--- Page 72 ---
71
ni, for any Business Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from and 
including such Business Day “i” up to but excluding the following Business Day;
Observation Method shall be as specified in the applicable Final Terms;
Observation Period means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from 
and including the date falling “p” Business Days prior to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period (and the first Observation Period shall begin on and 
include the date which is “p” Business Days prior to the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is “p” 
Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or 
the date falling “p” Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the 
Notes become due and payable);
p means:
a.
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of Business Days included 
in the Lag Look-back Period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five Business Days); 
or
b.
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the number of Business 
Days included in the Observation Shift Period specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five 
Business Days);
r means in respect of the relevant Reference Rate: 
a.
where “Lag” or “Observation Shift” is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of 
any Business Day, the relevant Reference Rate in respect of 
such Business Day; or
b.
where “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
1.
in respect of any Business Day “i” that is a Reference 
Day, the relevant Reference Rate in respect of the 
Business Day immediately preceding such Reference 
Day; and
2.
in respect of any Business Day “i” that is not a 
Reference Day (being a Business Day in the Lock-out 
Period), the relevant Reference Rate in respect of the 
Business 
Day 
immediately 
preceding 
the 
last 
Reference Day of the relevant Interest Period (such 
last Reference Day coinciding with the Interest 
Determination Date); 
ri means the applicable Reference Rate as set out in the definition of “r” above 
for:

--- Page 73 ---
72
a.
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Business Day falling “p” Business 
Days prior to the relevant Business Day “i”; or
b.
where “Lock-out” or “Observation Shift” is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
Business Day “i”; 
Reference Day means each Business Day in the relevant Interest Period, other 
than any Business Day in the Lock-out Period; 
Reference Rate means €STR, SOFR or SONIA, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; and
Relevant Decimal Place shall, unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, be the fourth decimal place in the case of the SONIA and the fifth 
decimal place in the case of €STR or SOFR, in each case rounded up or down, 
if necessary (with 0.00005 or, as the case may be, 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards).
(B)
Where “Overnight Rate” is specified as the method of Screen Rate 
Determination, “SONIA”, “SOFR” or “€STR” is specified as the relevant 
Reference Rate and “Weighted Average” is specified as the Calculation Method 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, 
subject to Condition 4.2(h) and as provided below, be the Weighted Average 
Reference Rate (as defined below) plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the applicable Margin (if any) and will be calculated by the Agent 
or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date in accordance with the following formula and the resulting percentage will 
be rounded if necessary to the nearest Relevant Decimal Place, where:
Weighted Average Reference Rate means:
a.
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in effect for 
each calendar day during the relevant Observation Period, calculated 
by multiplying each relevant Reference Rate by the number of calendar 
days such rate is in effect, determining the sum of such products and 
dividing such sum by the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Observation Period. For these purposes, the Reference Rate in effect 
for any calendar day which is not a Business Day shall be deemed to 
be the Reference Rate in effect for the Business Day immediately 
preceding such calendar day; and
b.
where “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in 
effect for each calendar day during the relevant Interest Period, 
calculated by multiplying each relevant Reference Rate by the number 
of days such rate is in effect, determining the sum of such products and 
dividing such sum by the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Interest Period, provided however that for any calendar day of such 
Interest Period falling in the “Lock-out Period”, the relevant Reference 
Rate for each day during that Lock-out Period will be deemed to be the 
Reference Rate in effect for the Reference Day immediately preceding 
the first day of such Lock-out Period. For these purposes, the

--- Page 74 ---
73
Reference Rate in effect for any calendar day which is not a Business 
Day shall, subject to the proviso above, be deemed to be the 
Reference Rate in effect for the Business Day immediately preceding 
such calendar day,
and Business Day, Lock-out Period, Observation Method, Observation 
Period, p, Reference Day, Reference Rate and Relevant Decimal Place
have the meanings given to such terms in Condition 4.2(b)(ii)(A) above.
(C)
Where “Overnight Rate” is specified as the method of Screen Rate 
Determination, “SONIA” or “SOFR”  is specified as the relevant Reference Rate 
and “Compounded Daily (Index Rate)” is specified as the Calculation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, 
subject to Condition 4.2(h) and as provided below, be the Compounded Index 
Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the applicable 
Margin (if any), where: 
Compounded Index Rate means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment in the Specified Currency for 
the relevant Interest Period and will be determined and calculated by the Agent 
or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to 
the nearest Relevant Decimal Place:
where:
D shall, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, be 365 in the 
case of the SONIA Compounded Index and 360 in the case of the SOFR 
Compounded Index;
d means the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to
which the relevant Compounded IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the 
day in relation to which the relevant Compounded IndexEnd is determined;
Business Day, in this Condition 4.2(b)(ii)(C), means, (1) in the case of SONIA 
Compounded Index, any day which is a London Banking Day; and (2) in the 
case of SOFR Compounded Index, any day which is a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day;
Compounded Index means (1) where “SONIA” is specified as the relevant 
Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, SONIA Compounded Index; or 
(2) where “SOFR” is specified as the relevant Reference Rate in the applicable 
Final Terms, SOFR Compounded Index;
Compounded IndexEnd means the relevant Compounded Index value relating 
to the day falling “p” Business Days prior to (1) the Interest Payment Date for 
the relevant Interest Period, or (2) such other date on which the relevant 
payment of interest falls due (but which, by its definition or the operation of the 
relevant provisions, is excluded from such Interest Period);
Compounded IndexStart means the relevant Compounded Index value relating 
to the day falling “p” Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period;

--- Page 75 ---
74
p means the number of Business Days specified as the Compounded Index 
Period in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five in 
the case of the SONIA Compounded Index and two in the case of the SOFR 
Compounded Index); 
Relevant Decimal Place shall, unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, be the fourth decimal place in the case of the SONIA 
Compounded Index and the fifth decimal place in the case of the SOFR 
Compounded Index, in each case rounded up or down, if necessary (with 
0.00005 or, as the case may be, 0.000005 being rounded upwards);
SOFR Compounded Index means, in respect of any U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day, the SOFR index value for such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day, as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, as the administrator of SOFR (or any successor administrator of SOFR), 
as such index value appears on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York (or any successor administrator of SOFR) or any successor source, 
at 3.00 p.m. (New York City time) on such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day; and
SONIA Compounded Index means, in respect of any London Banking Day, 
the SONIA compounded index value for such London Banking Day, as 
published by authorised distributors on the Relevant Screen Page in respect of 
such London Banking Day or, if the SONIA compounded index value for such 
London Banking Day cannot be obtained from such authorised distributors, as 
published by the Bank of England (or any successor administrator of SONIA) 
on the Bank of England’s Interactive Statistical Database, or any successor 
source.
Provided that a Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 4.2(h)) has not 
occurred in respect of SONIA or SOFR, as the case may be, if, with respect to 
any Interest Period, the relevant Compounded IndexStart and/or Compounded 
IndexEnd is not published by the relevant administrator or such other information 
service at the Relevant Time specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if later, 
by the time falling one hour after the customary or scheduled time for 
publication thereof in accordance with the then-prevailing operational 
procedures of the relevant administrator) on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall calculate the Rate 
of Interest for that Interest Period in accordance with Condition 4.2(b)(ii)(A) as if 
“Compounded Daily (Index Rate)” was not specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being the Calculation Method. For these purposes, (1) the Reference 
Rate shall be deemed to be SONIA in the case of SONIA Compounded Index 
and SOFR in the case of SOFR Compounded Index, (2) the Calculation 
Method shall be deemed to be Compounded Daily (Formula Rate), (3) the 
Observation Method shall be deemed to be Observation Shift, (4) the 
Observation Shift Period shall be deemed to be “p” (as defined above in this 
Condition 4.2(b)(ii)(C)), (5) D shall remain the same and (6) in the case of 
SONIA, the Relevant Screen Page will be determined by the Issuer in 
consultation with the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable. If a 
Benchmark Event has occurred in respect of SONIA or SOFR, the provisions of 
Condition 4.2(h) shall apply mutatis mutandis in respect of this Condition 
4.2(b)(ii)(C).

--- Page 76 ---
75
(D)
Subject to Condition 4.2(h), where “SONIA” is specified as the relevant 
Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms and either (1) the Calculation 
Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being “Compounded Daily
(Formula Rate)” or “Weighted Average”, or (2) the Calculation Method is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being “Compounded Daily (Index 
Rate)” but Condition 4.2(b)(ii)(A) applies, if, in respect of any London Banking 
Day, SONIA is not available on the Relevant Screen Page, or has not otherwise 
been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such Reference Rate 
shall be:
(I) (1) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the Bank Rate) prevailing at close of 
business on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (2) the mean of the spread 
of SONIA to the Bank Rate over the previous five days in respect of which 
SONIA has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more 
than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread 
(or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) 
to the Bank Rate; or
(II) if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA rate published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day in respect of which the 
SONIA rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors),
and in each case, “r” shall be interpreted accordingly. 
(E)
Subject to Condition 4.2(h), where “SOFR” is specified as the relevant 
Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms and either (1) the Calculation 
Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being “Compounded Daily
(Formula Rate)” or “Weighted Average”, or (2) the Calculation Method is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being “Compounded Daily (Index 
Rate)” but Condition 4.2(b)(ii)(A) applies, if, in respect of any U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day, SOFR is not available, such Reference Rate shall be 
the SOFR for the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day in 
respect of which the SOFR was published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, as the administrator of SOFR (or any successor administrator of SOFR) 
on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor 
administrator of SOFR) or any successor source, and “r” shall be interpreted 
accordingly.
(F)
Subject to Condition 4.2(h), where “€STR” is specified as the relevant 
Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, if, in respect of any T2 Business 
Day, €STR is not available, such Reference Rate shall be the €STR for the first 
preceding T2 Business Day in respect of which €STR was published by the 
European Central Bank, as the administrator of €STR (or any successor 
administrator of €STR) on the website of the European Central Bank (or of any 
successor administrator of such rate), and “r” shall be interpreted accordingly.
(G)
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with 
the foregoing provisions, but without prejudice to Condition 4.2(h), the Rate of 
Interest shall be (1) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the

--- Page 77 ---
76
relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period), (2) if 
there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date and the relevant 
Interest Period is the first Interest Period for the Notes, the Initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first 
Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Period), or 
(3) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date and the relevant 
Interest Period is not the first Interest Period for the Notes, the Rate of Interest 
which applied to the immediately preceding Interest Period.
If the relevant Series of Notes becomes due and payable in accordance with 
Condition 9, the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any 
Interest Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, be deemed 
to be the date on which such Notes became due and payable and the Rate of 
Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Note remains outstanding, 
be that determined on such date and as if (solely for the purpose of such 
interest determination) the relevant Interest Period had been shortened 
accordingly.
(c)
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest.
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest.
(d)
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts
The Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will at or as soon as practicable after each 
time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the 
relevant Interest Period. 
The Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will calculate the amount of interest (the 
Interest Amount) payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by 
applying the Rate of Interest to:
(A)
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note; 
or
(B)
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount;
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-
unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of

--- Page 78 ---
77
the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the 
amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, 
without any further rounding.
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 4.2:
(i)
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 
365);
(ii)
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365;
(iii)
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date 
falling in a leap year, 366;
(iv)
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360;
(v)
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows:
Day Count Fraction = 









360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2







where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30;
(vi)
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:

--- Page 79 ---
78
Day Count Fraction = 









360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2







where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30;
(vii)
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction = 









360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2







where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 
will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30.
(e)
Linear Interpolation
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, by straight line linear interpolation by reference to

--- Page 80 ---
79
two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a 
period of time, then the Issuer shall instruct the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, to 
determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer notifies to it. 
Designated Maturity means the period of time designated in the Reference Rate.
(f)
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts
(i)
Where the applicable Final Terms specifies “Term Rate” as the method of Screen Rate 
Determination, the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will cause the Rate of 
Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest 
Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Trustee and any stock exchange on 
which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof 
to be published in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. 
Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without 
prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such 
amendment will promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant 
Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 13. For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression London 
Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and 
foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London.
(ii)
Where the applicable Final Terms specifies “Overnight Rate” as the method of Screen 
Rate Determination, the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will cause the 
Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant 
Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Trustee and any stock exchange 
on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and notice 
thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the second Business Day (as defined in 
Condition 4.2(b)(ii)(A)) thereafter. Each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest 
Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. Any such amendment or 
alternative arrangements will promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which the 
relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13.
(g)
Certificates to be final
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition, by the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall (in the absence of wilful 
default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee, the 
Agent, the other Paying Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of 
wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee, the Noteholders 
or the Couponholders shall attach to the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, in 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant 
to such provisions.

--- Page 81 ---
80
(h)
Benchmark Discontinuation
Notwithstanding the provisions above in Condition 4.2(b), if a Benchmark Event occurs in 
relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component thereof) 
remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following 
provisions of this Condition 4.2(h) shall apply.
(i)
Independent Adviser
The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to the Issuer 
determining a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with 
Condition 4.2(h)(ii)(A)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 4.2(h)(iv)).
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4.2(h) shall act in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and in consultation with the Issuer. In 
the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Agent, the Trustee, the Paying Agents, or 
the Noteholders or Couponholders for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with 
any determination made by the Issuer, pursuant to this Condition 4.2(h).
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Issuer fails to 
determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate and, in either case, 
the applicable Adjustment Spread, in accordance with this Condition 4.2(h) prior to the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next 
succeeding Interest Period shall be determined in accordance with the applicable 
fallback provisions set out in Condition 4.2(b) (or as applicable, the Agency Agreement). 
For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph shall apply to the relevant next succeeding 
Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent 
operation of, and to adjustment as provided in the first paragraph of, this Condition 
4.2(h).
(ii)
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good 
faith and a commercially reasonable manner, determines that:
(A)
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable 
Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 4.2(h)); or
(B)
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be 
used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest 
(or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on 
the Notes (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 4.2(h)).
(iii)
Adjustment Spread
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the Adjustment 
Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) and, for the avoidance of doubt, an Adjustment Spread may be positive, 
negative or zero.

--- Page 82 ---
81
(iv)
Benchmark Amendments
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment 
Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 4.2(h) and the Issuer, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and a commercially 
reasonable manner, determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions, the Trust 
Deed and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of 
such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) and (ii) the 
terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice 
thereof in accordance with Condition 4.2(h)(v), without any requirement for the consent 
or approval of Noteholders or Couponholders, vary these Conditions, the Trust Deed
and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with 
effect from the date specified in such notice. 
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee and the Agent of the 
certificate referred to in the final paragraph of this Condition 4.2(h)(iv), and subject as 
provided below, the Trustee and the Agent shall, without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of Noteholders or Couponholders, be obliged to concur with the 
Issuer in effecting any Benchmark Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution 
of a deed supplemental to the Trust Deed) and neither the Trustee nor the Agent shall 
be liable to any party for any consequences thereof, provided that neither the Trustee 
nor the Agent shall be obliged so to concur if in the sole opinion of the Trustee or the 
Agent (as applicable) doing so would impose more onerous obligations upon it or 
expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce rights and/or the 
protective provisions afforded to the Trustee in these Conditions, the Trust Deed or the 
Agency Agreement, as applicable (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
supplemental trust deed), in any way.
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 4.2(h)(iv), the 
Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the 
time being listed or admitted to trading.
No later than notifying the Benchmark Amendments in accordance with Condition 
4.2(h)(v), the Issuer shall deliver to each of the Trustee and the Agent a certificate (on 
which each of the Trustee and the Agent shall be entitled to rely without further enquiry 
or liability) signed by two directors of the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor:
(A) 
confirming (I) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (II) whether or not the Issuer 
has consulted with an Independent Adviser, (III) the Successor Rate or, as the 
case may be, the Alternative Rate, (IV) the applicable Adjustment Spread, and/or 
(V) the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, in each case as 
determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 4.2(h); and
(B) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are (in accordance with the 
provisions of Condition 4.2(h)(iv)) necessary to ensure the proper operation of 
such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or applicable Adjustment Spread.
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of 
manifest error in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the 
applicable Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without 
prejudice to the Trustee’s and the Agent’s ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) 
be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee, the Agent, the Calculation Agent 
(if any), the other Paying Agents and the Noteholders and Couponholders.

--- Page 83 ---
82
(v)
Notices, etc.
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 4.2(h) will be notified 
promptly by the Issuer to the Agent, the Calculation Agent (if any), the Trustee, the 
Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders. Such notice shall 
be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if 
any and will be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Agent, the Calculation Agent
(if any), the Trustee, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
(vi)
Survival of Original Reference Rate
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Conditions 4.2(h)(i) to (v), the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 4.2(b) will 
continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
(vii)
Definitions
As used in this Condition 4.2(h):
Adjustment Spread means (a) where the Original Reference Rate is not SOFR, 
Adjustment Spread (General); or (b) where the Original Reference Rate is SOFR, 
Adjustment Spread (SOFR);
Adjustment Spread (General) means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, 
negative or zero) or (b) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case 
to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is 
the spread, formula or methodology which:
(I)
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or
(II)
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation as referred 
to in (I) above has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate, the Issuer 
determines, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in 
good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, is customarily applied to the 
relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in 
international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted 
replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or
(III)
if the Issuer determines neither (I) nor (II) above applies, the Issuer determines, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and 
a commercially reasonable manner, is recognised or acknowledged as being 
the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions or is in 
customary market usage in international debt capital markets transactions 
which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be);
Adjustment Spread (SOFR) means the first alternative set forth in the order below that 
can be determined by the Issuer: 
(I)
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the 
Successor Rate (SOFR) or Alternative Rate (SOFR) (as the case may be); or

--- Page 84 ---
83
(II)
if the applicable Successor Rate (SOFR) is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback 
Rate, then the ISDA Spread Adjustment; or
(III)
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) 
determined by the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser 
and acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, giving due 
consideration to any industry accepted spread adjustment, or method for 
calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the 
then-current SOFR with the applicable Successor Rate (SOFR) or Alternative 
Rate (SOFR) (as the case may be) for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate 
notes at such time;
Alternative Rate means (a) where the Original Reference Rate is not SOFR, 
Alternative Rate (General); or (b) where the Original Reference Rate is SOFR, 
Alternative Rate (SOFR);
Alternative Rate (General) means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser determines in accordance 
with Condition 4.2(h)(ii) is customarily applied in the international debt capital markets 
transactions for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) and in the same Specified Currency as the Notes and with an 
interest period of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Period, or, if the Issuer 
(in consultation with the Independent Adviser) determines that there is no such rate, 
such other rate as the Issuer (in consultation with the Independent Adviser) determines 
is most comparable to the relevant Original Reference Rate;
Alternative Rate (SOFR) means the alternate rate that has been selected by the 
Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser in accordance with 
Condition 4.2(h)(ii), as the replacement for the then-current SOFR for the applicable 
Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate as a 
replacement for the then-current SOFR for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes 
at such time;
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.2(h)(iv);
Benchmark Event means: 
(I)
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 
Business Days or ceasing to exist; or
(II)
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it 
has ceased or that it will cease to publish the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator 
has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference 
Rate); or
(III)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or
(IV)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be 
prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect of the Notes; or
(V)
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate is or will be (or is or

--- Page 85 ---
84
will be deemed by such supervisor to be) no longer representative of its 
relevant underlying market; or
(VI)
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if any), the 
Issuer or other party to calculate any payments due to be made to any 
Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate;
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-
paragraphs (II) and (III) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original 
Reference Rate or the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may 
be, (b) in the case of sub-paragraph (IV) above, on the date of the prohibition of use of 
the Original Reference Rate, and (c) in the case of sub-paragraph (V) above, on the 
date with effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be 
deemed by the relevant supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant 
underlying market and which is specified in the relevant public statement, and, in each 
case, not the date of the relevant public statement.
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and promptly 
notified to the Agent, the Calculation Agent (if any), the Trustee and the Paying Agents. 
For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Agent, the Calculation Agent (if any), the 
Trustee or the Paying Agents shall have any responsibility for making such 
determination;
Corresponding Tenor means a tenor (including overnight) having approximately the 
same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as the applicable tenor for the 
then-current SOFR;
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute 
or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer 
under Condition 4.2(h)(i);
ISDA means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.;
ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by ISDA or any 
successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor 
definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time;
ISDA Fallback Rate means the rate to be effective upon the occurrence of a SOFR 
Index Cessation Event according to (and as defined in) the ISDA Definitions, where 
such rate may have been adjusted for an overnight tenor, but without giving effect to 
any additional spread adjustment to be applied according to such ISDA Definitions;
ISDA Spread Adjustment means the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or 
determining such spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or 
zero) that shall have been selected by ISDA as the spread adjustment that would apply 
to the ISDA Fallback Rate;
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on 
the Notes;
Relevant Governmental Body means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve 
System and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or a committee officially 
endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System 
and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor;

--- Page 86 ---
85
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable):
(I)
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) or the European Commission; or
(II)
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability 
Board or any part thereof;
Successor Rate means (a) where the Original Reference Rate is not SOFR, 
Successor Rate (General); or (b) where the Original Reference Rate is SOFR, 
Successor Rate (SOFR);
Successor Rate (General) means a successor to or replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body; and
Successor Rate (SOFR) means the first alternative set forth in the order below that 
can be determined by the Issuer: 
(I)
the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current SOFR for 
the applicable Corresponding Tenor; or
(II)
the ISDA Fallback Rate.
4.3
Accrual of interest
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) 
will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is 
improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is 
the earlier of:
(a)
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and
(b)
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of 
such Note has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 as provided in the Trust Deed.
4.4
Adjustment of Interest for Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes
If Step Up Rating Change and/or Step Down Rating Change is specified as being applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, the following terms relating to the Rate of Interest for Fixed Rate 
Notes and Floating Rate Notes shall apply:
(a)
Subject to paragraphs (c) and (e) below, from and including the first Interest Payment 
Date falling on or after the date of a Step Up Rating Change, the Rate of Interest (in the 
case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) shall be 
increased by the Step Up Margin specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 87 ---
86
(b)
Subject to paragraphs (c) and (e) below, in the event of a Step Down Rating Change 
following a Step Up Rating Change, with effect from and including the first Interest 
Payment Date falling on or after the date of such Step Down Rating Change, the Rate 
of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the Margin (in the case of Floating Rate 
Notes) shall be decreased by the Step Up Margin so that it again becomes the initial 
Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the initial Margin (in the case of 
Floating Rate Notes).
(c)
If a Step Up Rating Change and, subsequently, a Step Down Rating Change occur 
during the same Fixed Interest Period (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the same 
Interest Period (in the case of Floating Rate Notes), the Rate of Interest (in the case of 
Fixed Rate Notes) or the Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) shall neither be 
increased nor decreased as a result of either such event.
(d)
The Issuer will cause the occurrence of an event giving rise to an adjustment to the 
Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the Margin (in the case of Floating 
Rate Notes) pursuant to this Condition to be notified to the Trustee, Agent and (in 
accordance with Condition 13) the Noteholders as soon as reasonably practicable after 
the occurrence of the relevant event but in no event later than the fifth London Business 
Day thereafter.
(e)
Only the first Step Up Rating Change (if any) and the first Step Down Rating Change (if 
any) shall give rise to an adjustment to the Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate 
Notes) or the Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes).
(f)
If the rating designations employed by any of Moody’s or S&P are changed from those 
which are described in this Condition, or if a rating is procured from a Substitute Rating 
Agency, the Issuer shall determine, with the agreement of the Trustee (not to be 
unreasonably withheld or delayed), the rating designations of Moody’s or S&P or such 
Substitute Rating Agency (as appropriate) as are most equivalent to the prior rating 
designations of Moody’s or S&P and this Condition shall be read accordingly.
(g)
The Trustee is under no obligation to ascertain whether a Step Down Rating Change or 
a Step Up Rating Change or any event which could lead to the occurrence of or could 
constitute a Step Down Rating Change or a Step Up Rating Change, has occurred and, 
until it shall have actual knowledge or notice pursuant to the Trust Deed to the contrary, 
the Trustee may assume that no Step Down Rating Change or Step Up Rating Change 
or other such event has occurred.
In the Conditions, the following words have the following meanings.
Investment Grade means a rating of BBB- or above in relation to S&P, Baa3 or above in 
relation to Moody’s, or, where a Substitute Rating Agency has been designated by the Issuer, a 
comparable rating or above.
Rating Agency means Moody's Deutschland GmbH or any other entity that is part of the group 
to which Moody's Deutschland GmbH or its successor belongs (Moody’s) or S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited or any other entity that is part of the group to which S&P Global Ratings
Europe Limited or its successor belongs (S&P), or their respective successors or any rating 
agency (a Substitute Rating Agency) substituted for any of them by the Issuer from time to 
time with the prior written approval of the Trustee.
Step Down Rating Change means, at any time after a Step Up Rating Change, the first public 
announcement by any Rating Agency (a) of a credit rating being applied or, as the case may be, 
(b) of an increase in the credit rating of the Notes with the result that, following such public

--- Page 88 ---
87
announcement(s), the Notes are rated by each Rating Agency (and none of the Rating 
Agencies rate the Notes below) Investment Grade.
Step Up Rating Change means the first public announcement by any Rating Agency of its 
ceasing to apply a credit rating to the Notes or of a decrease in the credit rating of the Notes to 
below Investment Grade.
5.
PAYMENTS 
5.1
Method of payment
Subject as provided below:
(a)
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro and Renminbi will be made by credit 
or transfer to an account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee 
with a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency 
(which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be 
Sydney and Auckland, respectively);
(b)
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee; and
(c)
payments in Renminbi will be made by credit or transfer to an account denominated in 
Renminbi and maintained by the payee with a bank in the relevant RMB Settlement 
Centre(s) in accordance with applicable laws, rules and regulations and guidelines 
issued from time to time (including all applicable laws and regulations with respect to 
settlement in Renminbi in the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s)).
Payments will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7.
5.2
Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in 
the manner provided in Condition 5.1 above and, in the case of Swiss Notes, Condition 5.5 
below only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of definitive Notes, and payments of interest in respect of definitive Notes will 
(subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or, 
in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used 
herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia), 
and its possessions.
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) should 
be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which 
expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured 
Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment 
not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon 
as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each 
amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender 
of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date 
(as defined in Condition 7) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would 
otherwise have become void under Condition 8) or, if later, five years from the date on which 
such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter.

--- Page 89 ---
88
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further 
Coupons will be issued in respect thereof.
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether 
or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for 
further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note 
(other than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on 
issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to 
be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of 
interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such Note.
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if 
any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date 
or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against 
surrender of the relevant definitive Note.
5.3
Payments in respect of Global Notes (other than Swiss Permanent Global Notes)
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note 
will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive 
Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note against presentation or 
surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note, where applicable at the specified office of 
any Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment made, distinguishing 
between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made on such Global 
Note either by the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as applicable.
5.4
General provisions applicable to payments
The holder of a Global Note (other than a Swiss Permanent Global Note) shall be the only 
person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes represented by such Global Note and 
the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will be discharged by payment to, or to the 
order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons 
shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a 
particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for their share of each payment so 
made by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor to, or to the order of, the holder of 
such Global Note.
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal 
and/or interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in 
the United States if:
(a)
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full 
amount of principal and interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due;
(b)
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or 
other similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. 
dollars; and

--- Page 90 ---
89
(c)
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer and the Guarantor, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer or the 
Guarantor.
5.5
Payments in respect of Swiss Notes
The Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor shall make all payments of principal and 
interest due under Swiss Notes to the Principal Swiss Paying Agent which shall, where 
applicable, promptly reimburse each other Swiss paying agent on demand for payments in 
respect of such Swiss Notes properly made by such other Swiss paying agent.
Payments in respect of such Notes will be made irrespective of any present or future transfer 
restrictions and without regard to any bilateral or multilateral payment or clearing agreement 
which may be applicable at the time of such payments.
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Swiss Notes will be made in freely disposable 
Swiss Francs without collection costs in Switzerland and without any restrictions and 
irrespective of nationality, domicile or residence of the holder of the relevant Swiss Note or 
Coupon and without requiring any certification, affidavit or the fulfilment of any other formality.
The receipt by the Principal Swiss Paying Agent of the due and punctual payment of the 
relevant funds in Swiss Francs in Zurich shall release the Issuer or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor from its obligations under the Swiss Notes and Coupons for the payment of interest 
and principal due on the respective Interest Payment Dates and on the Maturity Date to the 
extent of such payment and except to the extent that there is a default in the subsequent 
payment thereof to the Noteholders or Couponholders (as the case may be).
5.6
Payment Day
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, 
the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the 
relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such 
delay. For these purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 8) is:
(a)
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits):
(i)
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of presentation;
(ii)
in each Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and
(b)
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro and 
Renminbi, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant 
Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New 
Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (B) in relation to any 
sum payable in euro, a day on which T2 is open or (C) in relation to any sum payable in 
Renminbi, a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday) on which commercial 
banks in the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) are generally open for business and 
settlement of Renminbi payments in the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s).

--- Page 91 ---
90
5.7
Interpretation of principal and interest
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable:
(a)
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 
7 or under any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, or in substitution 
therefor, pursuant to the Trust Deed;
(b)
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes;
(c)
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes;
(d)
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes;
(e)
the Make Whole Optional Redemption Amount (if any) of the Notes; and
(f)
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Notes.
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under 
Condition 7 or under any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, or in substitution 
therefor, pursuant to the Trust Deed.
5.8
RMB Currency Event
If “RMB Currency Event” is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and a 
RMB Currency Event, as determined by the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, exists on a date for payment of 
any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon, the Issuer’s obligation to make a payment in 
RMB under the terms of the Notes (or, as the case may be, the Guarantor’s obligations to make 
a payment in RMB under the Guarantee) may be replaced by an obligation to pay such amount 
in the Relevant Currency converted using the Spot Rate for the relevant Determination Date.
Upon the occurrence of a RMB Currency Event, the Issuer or the Guarantor, as applicable, shall 
give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 stating 
the occurrence of the RMB Currency Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be 
taken in relation thereto.
For the purpose of this Condition and unless stated otherwise in the applicable Final Terms:
Determination Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in the 
relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s), London and New York City;
Determination Date means the day which is two Determination Business Days before the due 
date of the relevant payment under the Notes;
Governmental Authority means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any 
other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the 
central bank) of the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s);
Relevant Currency means U.S. dollars or such other currency as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 92 ---
91
RMB Currency Events means any one of RMB Illiquidity, RMB Non-Transferability and RMB 
Inconvertibility;
RMB Illiquidity means the general Renminbi exchange market in the relevant RMB Settlement 
Centre(s) becomes illiquid and, as a result of which, the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case 
may be) cannot obtain sufficient Renminbi in order to satisfy its obligation to pay interest and 
principal (in whole or in part) in respect of the Notes as determined by the Issuer (or the 
Guarantor, as the case may be) in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
following consultation with two independent foreign exchange dealers of international repute 
active in the RMB exchange market in the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s);
RMB Inconvertibility means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the 
Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) to convert any amount due in respect of the 
Notes into RMB on any payment date at the general RMB exchange market in the relevant 
RMB Settlement Centre(s), other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the 
Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted 
by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series and it is impossible for the Issuer (or the 
Guarantor, as the case may be), due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, 
rule or regulation);
RMB Non-Transferability means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the 
Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) to deliver RMB between accounts inside the 
relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) or from an account inside the relevant RMB Settlement 
Centre(s) to an account outside the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) (including where the 
RMB clearing and settlement system for participating banks in the relevant RMB Settlement 
Centre(s) is disrupted or suspended), other than where such impossibility is due solely to the 
failure of the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) to comply with any law, rule or 
regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is 
enacted after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series and it is impossible for 
the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be), due to an event beyond its control, to comply 
with such law, rule or regulation); and
Spot Rate means, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, the spot CNY/U.S. 
dollar exchange rate for the purchase of U.S. dollars with Renminbi in the over-the-counter 
Renminbi exchange market in the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) for settlement in two 
Determination Business Days’ time, as determined by the RMB Calculation Agent at or around 
11.00 a.m. (local time at the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s)) on the Determination Date, on 
a deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADCNY3, or if no such rate is 
available, on a non-deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF. If neither 
rate is available, the RMB Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner will determine the Spot Rate at or around 11:00 a.m. (local time at the relevant RMB 
Settlement Centre(s)) on the Determination Date as the most recently available U.S. dollar/CNY 
official fixing rate for settlement in two Determination Business Days reported by The State 
Administration of Foreign Exchange of the PRC, which is reported on Reuters Screen Page 
CNY=SAEC. Reference to a page on the Reuters Screen means the display page so 
designated on the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any successor service) or such 
other page as may replace that page for the purpose of displaying a comparable currency 
exchange rate.
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this by the RMB
Calculation Agent, will (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on 
the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Paying Agents and all holders of the Notes.

--- Page 93 ---
92
5.9
RMB account
All payments in respect of any Note or Coupon in RMB will be made solely by credit to a RMB 
account maintained by the payee at a bank in the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) in 
accordance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines issued from time to time 
(including all applicable laws and regulations with respect to the settlement of RMB in the 
relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s)).
6.
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE
6.1
Redemption at maturity
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms 
in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms.
6.2
Redemption for tax reasons
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if 
this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating 
Rate Note), on giving not less than the minimum period and not more than the maximum period 
of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Trustee and the Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if the Issuer 
or, as the case may be, the Guarantor satisfies the Trustee immediately before the giving of 
such notice that:
(a)
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will 
become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7 or 
the Guarantor would be unable for reasons outside its control to procure payment by 
the Issuer and in making payment itself would be required to pay such additional 
amounts, in each case as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 7) or any change in the 
application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or 
amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to 
issue the first Tranche of the Notes; and
(b)
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor 
taking reasonable measures available to it,
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor would be obliged to pay 
such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due.
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Trustee to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders a certificate 
signed by two directors of the Issuer or, as the case may be, two directors of the Guarantor 
stating that the obligation referred to in paragraph (a) above cannot be avoided by the Issuer or, 
as the case may be, the Guarantor taking reasonable measures available to it and the Trustee 
shall be entitled to accept the certificate as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the condition 
precedent set out in paragraph (b) above, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on 
the Noteholders and the Couponholders.
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in Condition 6.6 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption.

--- Page 94 ---
93
6.3
Redemption at the option of the Issuer
If Issuer Call Option is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
may, having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of 
notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
13 (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all 
or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, some only of the Notes then outstanding on any 
Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less 
than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, 
in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If Make Whole Call Option is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer may, at any time but having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the 
maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed 
for redemption (the Make Whole Optional Redemption Date)), redeem all or, if so specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, some only, of the Notes then outstanding other than any such Note 
in respect of which an Optional Redemption Date pursuant to Condition 6.5 or Put Date 
pursuant to Condition 6.7 occurs prior to the relevant Make Whole Optional Redemption Date at 
a redemption price per Note (the Make Whole Optional Redemption Amount) equal to the 
higher of the following, in each case together with, if applicable, interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the relevant Make Whole Optional Redemption Date:
(i)
the nominal amount of the Note; and
(ii)
the sum of the then current values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal 
and interest (not including any interest accrued but unpaid on the Notes to, but 
excluding, the Make Whole Optional Redemption Date) discounted to the Make Whole 
Optional Redemption Date on an annual basis (based on the Day Count Fraction 
specified hereon) at (i) the Euro Make Whole Redemption Rate (as defined below), in 
the case of the Notes denominated in euro; (ii) the Gross Redemption Yield (as defined 
below), in the case of the Notes denominated in sterling; or (iii) the Make Whole 
Redemption Rate (as defined below), in the case of the Notes denominated in any 
currency other than euro or sterling, plus in each case any applicable Discount Margin 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, in each case as determined by the Reference 
Dealers or the Make Whole Determination Agent, as applicable.
Any notice of redemption given under the paragraph above will, in respect of the Notes to which 
it relates, override any notice of redemption given (whether previously, on the same date or 
subsequently) under Condition 6.2 or the first paragraph of this Condition 6.3.  
Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Make Whole 
Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Make Whole Redemption Amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will 
(i) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, be selected individually by 
lot, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption and (ii) in the case of 
Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, be selected in accordance with the rules of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by 
definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in 
accordance with Condition 13 not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption.

--- Page 95 ---
94
As used above:
Make Whole Determination Agent means the entity specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or such other reputable financial services institution or an independent financial adviser 
with appropriate expertise as may be appointed as such from time to time for this purpose by 
the Issuer;
Euro Make Whole Redemption Rate means (i) the average of five Reference Dealer 
Quotations, after excluding the highest and the lowest of such Reference Dealer Quotations, or 
(ii) if the Make Whole Determination Agent obtains fewer than five such Reference Dealer 
Quotations, the average of any such Reference Dealer Quotations; 
Euro Reference Stock means the euro-denominated security specified in the applicable Final 
Terms issued by German Federal Government Bond of Bundesrepublik Deutschland selected 
by the Make Whole Determination Agent (with the advice of the Reference Dealers and in 
consultation with the Issuer) as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable to the 
remaining term of the Notes to be redeemed that would be utilised, at the time of selection and 
in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt 
securities of a comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes;
Gross Redemption Yield on the Sterling Reference Stock means a yield, expressed as a 
percentage and calculated at or around 10.00 a.m. (London time) on the Determination Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms by the Make Whole Determination Agent on the basis 
set out by the United Kingdom Debt Management Office in the paper "Formulae for Calculating 
Gilt Prices from Yields" page 5, Section One: Price/Yield Formulae (Conventional Gilts; Double-
dated and Undated Gilts with Assumed (or Actual) Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date) 
(published on 8 June 1998 and updated on 15 January 2002 and 16 March 2005) (as updated, 
amended or supplemented from time to time) on a semi-annual compounding basis (converted 
on an annualised yield and rounded up (if necessary) to four decimal places) or, if such formula 
does not reflect generally accepted market practice at the time of redemption, a yield calculated 
in accordance with generally accepted market practice at such time, all as advised to the Issuer 
by the Make Whole Determination Agent;
Make Whole Redemption Rate on the Reference Stock means a yield expressed as a 
percentage and calculated by the Make Whole Determination Agent as at or around the time of 
day customary for such determination in the relevant market on the Determination Date and in 
accordance with generally accepted market practice at such time, as advised to the Issuer by 
the Make Whole Determination Agent;
Reference Dealer Quotation means in respect of each Reference Dealer the quotation of such 
Reference Dealer for the mid-market annual yield to maturity of the Euro Reference Stock 
(expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) quoted in writing to the Make Whole 
Determination Agent by such Reference Dealer at or around 11.00 a.m. (Central European 
time) on the Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms;
Reference Dealers means any credit institution or financial services institution that regularly 
deals in bonds and other debt securities (which may include the Make Whole Determination 
Agent) and who is selected by the Make Whole Determination Agent after the consultation with 
the Issuer;
Reference Stock means the security specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, where 
the Make Whole Determination Agent advises the Issuer that such security is no longer in issue 
or, for reasons of illiquidity or otherwise, is no longer appropriate for such purpose, such other 
security as the Make Whole Determination Agent may determine to be appropriate by way of 
substitution for the original security); and

--- Page 96 ---
95
Sterling Reference Stock means the United Kingdom Government Treasury Stock specified in 
the applicable Final Terms (or, where the Make Whole Determination Agent advises the Issuer 
that such stock is no longer in issue or, for reasons of illiquidity or otherwise, is no longer 
appropriate for such purpose, such other United Kingdom government stock as the Make Whole 
Determination Agent may determine to be appropriate by way of substitution for the original 
stock).
6.4
Clean-up Call Option 
If Clean-up Call Option is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and, at any 
time, the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Notes is less than or equal to the 
Minimum Percentage (as specified in the applicable Final Terms, being a percentage of the 
aggregate nominal amount of the Notes originally issued (and, for these purposes, any further 
Notes issued pursuant to Condition 16 and consolidated with this Series of Notes shall be 
deemed to have been originally issued)), the Issuer may, at its option but subject to having 
given not more than sixty (60) nor less than thirty (30) calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable) in according with Condition 13, redeem on the date specified 
in such notice, all, but not some only, of the remaining Notes in this Series at their Early 
Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with any interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption. The Clean-up Call Option may not be exercised where a Make Whole Call 
Option has previously or simultaneously been exercised in respect of the Notes.
Any notice of redemption given under this Condition 6.4 will, in respect of the Notes to which it 
relates, override any notice of redemption given (whether previously, on the same date or 
subsequently) under Condition 6.2.
6.5
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) (other than upon a Change of 
Control)
If Investor Put other than upon a Change of Control is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 13 not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period notice 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem 
such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount together, 
if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note 
is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or the 
Intermediary, deliver, at the specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal 
business hours of such Paying Agent falling within the notice period, a duly completed and 
signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified 
office of any Paying Agent (a Put Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank account 
to which payment is to be made under this Condition accompanied by this Note or evidence 
satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Put 
Notice, be held to its order or under its control. If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is 
in definitive form and held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or the Intermediary, 
to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, within the 
notice period, give notice to the Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard 
procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given 
on their instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary or 
common safekeeper, as the case may be, for them to the Agent by electronic means) or the 
Intermediary in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or the 
Intermediary, as the case may be, from time to time.

--- Page 97 ---
96
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg or the Intermediary, as the case may be, given by a holder of 
any Note pursuant to this Condition 6.5 shall be irrevocable except where, prior to the due date 
of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and the Trustee has declared the Notes to be 
due and payable pursuant to Condition 9 is continuing, in which event such holder, at its option, 
may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Condition 6.5 and 
instead to declare such Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 9.
6.6
Early Redemption Amounts
For the purpose of Conditions 6.2, 6.4, 6.7 and 9, each Note will be redeemed at its Early 
Redemption Amount calculated as follows:
(a)
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at the 
Final Redemption Amount thereof;
(b)
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) with a Final Redemption Amount 
which is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price, at the amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, at its nominal amount; or
(c)
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at its Early Redemption Amount calculated in 
accordance with the following formula:
Early Redemption Amount = RPx (1+AY)y
where:
RP
means the Reference Price;
AY
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and
y
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be 
either (i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of 
days (calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 
days each) from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes 
to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the 
date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator 
will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the 
actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case 
may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be 
equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as 
the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable 
and the denominator will be 365).
6.7
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders upon a Change of Control
(A)
A Put Event will be deemed to occur if:
(i)
any person or any persons acting in concert (as defined in section 1(3) of the 
Irish Takeover Panel Act 1997), other than a holding company (as defined in 
Section 736 of the Companies Act 1985 of Great Britain, as amended) whose 
shareholders are or are to be substantially similar to the pre-existing

--- Page 98 ---
97
shareholders of the Guarantor, who acquires an interest (within the meaning of 
Part 17, Chapter IV of the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland) in (a) more than 50 
per cent. of the issued or allotted ordinary share capital of the Guarantor or (b) 
shares in the capital of the Guarantor carrying more than 50 per cent. of the 
voting rights normally exercisable at a general meeting of the Guarantor (each, 
a Change of Control); and
(ii)
during a Change of Control Period (as defined below), the Notes carry:
(a)
an investment grade credit rating (Baa3/BBB-, or equivalent, or better) 
from both Rating Agencies, and one or both of such ratings are either 
downgraded to a non-investment grade credit rating (Ba1/BB+, or 
equivalent, or worse) or withdrawn and such one or more ratings are 
not, within the Change of Control Period, subsequently (in the case of a 
downgrade) upgraded to an investment grade credit rating by the 
Rating Agencies; or
(b)
a non-investment grade credit rating (Ba1/BB+, or equivalent, or worse) 
from both Rating Agencies, and one or both of such ratings are either 
downgraded by one or more notches (for illustration, Ba1 to Ba2 being 
one notch) or withdrawn and such one or more ratings are not within 
the Change of Control Period, subsequently (in the case of a 
downgrade) upgraded to such earlier credit ratings or better; or
(c)
an investment grade credit rating (Baa3/BBB-, or equivalent, or better) 
from one Rating Agency and a non-investment grade credit rating 
(Ba1/BB+ or equivalent, or worse) from another Rating Agency and 
either the investment grade credit rating is downgraded to a non-
investment grade credit rating (Ba1/BB+, or equivalent, or worse) or 
withdrawn or the non-investment grade credit rating is downgraded by 
one or more notches (as illustrated in (b) above) or withdrawn and, in 
either case, such credit rating is not within the Change of Control 
Period, subsequently (in the case of a downgrade) upgraded to such 
earlier credit rating or better; or
(d)
no credit rating and no Rating Agency assigns within 90 days of such 
time an investment grade credit rating to the Notes; and
(iii)
in making any relevant decision(s) as is referred to above, the relevant Rating 
Agency announces publicly or confirms in writing to the Guarantor that such 
decision(s) resulted, in whole or in part, from the occurrence of the Change of 
Control.
Change of Control Period means the period from the date of the public notice of an 
arrangement that could result in a Change of Control until the end of a 90-day period 
following public notice of the occurrence of a Change of Control (or such longer period 
as the rating of the Notes is under publicly announced consideration for rating review).
(B)
If (i) Investor Put Option upon a Change of Control is specified as being applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms and (ii) if a Put Event occurs, each Noteholder shall have the 
option (a Put Option) (unless prior to the giving of the relevant Put Event Notice (as 
defined below) the Issuer has given notice of redemption under Condition 6.2 or 6.3 
above) to require the Issuer to redeem or repay, or at the option of the Issuer, to 
purchase (or procure the purchase of) all or any part of the Notes held by such 
Noteholder on the Put Date (as defined below) at their Early Redemption Amount

--- Page 99 ---
98
together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to but excluding the date of redemption or 
purchase. Such option shall operate as set out below.
(C)
Within 30 days following a Put Event or, at the option of the Guarantor, prior to any 
Change of Control, but after the public announcement of the Change of Control, the 
Guarantor shall, and at any time upon the Trustee becoming similarly so aware the 
Trustee may, and if so requested by the holders of at least one-quarter in nominal 
amount of the Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of 
the Noteholders, shall (subject in each case to being indemnified and/or secured to its 
satisfaction), give notice (a Put Event Notice) to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 specifying the nature of the Put Event and the procedure for exercising the 
option contained in this Condition 6.7.
(D)
To exercise the Put Option the holder of the Note must, if the Notes are in definitive 
form and held outside Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or the Intermediary, deliver 
such Note, on any Payment Day (as defined in Condition 5 falling within the period (the 
Put Period) of 45 days after a Put Event Notice is given, at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent, accompanied by a duly signed and completed notice of exercise in the 
form (for the time being current) obtainable from the specified office of any Paying 
Agent (a Change of Control Put Notice). The Note should be delivered together, if 
appropriate, with all Coupons appertaining thereto maturing after the date which is 
seven days after the expiration of the Put Period (the Put Date), failing which (unless 
the applicable Final Terms provide that the relative Coupons are to become void upon 
the due date for redemption of such Note) the Paying Agent will require payment of an 
amount equal to the face value of any missing such Coupon. Any amount so paid will 
be reimbursed in the manner provided in Condition 5 against presentation and 
surrender of the relevant missing Coupon (or any replacement therefore issued 
pursuant to Condition 10 at any time after such payment, but before the expiry of the 
period of 10 years from the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7) in respect of that 
Coupon. The Paying Agent to which such Note and Change of Control Put Notice are 
delivered will issue to the Noteholder concerned a non-transferable receipt in respect of 
the Note so delivered. If the Notes are represented by a Global Note or are in definitive 
form and held through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or the Intermediary, 
as the case may be, to exercise the right to require redemption of the Notes held by it 
the Noteholder must, within the Put Period, give notice of such exercise in accordance 
with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may 
include notice being given on his instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or any common depositary for them to the Agent by electronic means) or the 
Intermediary, as the case may be, in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or the Intermediary, as the case may be, from time to time and, at the 
same time, present or procure the presentation of the relevant Global Note to the Agent 
for notation accordingly. Payment in respect of any Note so delivered will be made, if 
the holder duly specified a bank account in the Change of Control Put Notice to which 
payment is to be made, on the Put Date by transfer to that bank account and, in every 
other case, on or after the Put Date against presentation and surrender or (as the case 
may be) endorsement of such receipt at the specified office of any Paying Agent. 
Payment in respect of any Notes represented by a Global Note or in definitive form and 
held through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or the Intermediary, as 
the case may be, in respect of which the relevant Noteholder has exercised the option 
given under this Condition 6.7 will be made on the Put Date. A Change of Control Put 
Notice, once given, shall be irrevocable. The Issuer, failing which the Guarantor, shall 
redeem, repay or, as the case may be, purchase or procure the purchase of the 
relevant Notes on the Put Date unless previously redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled.

--- Page 100 ---
99
If 80 per cent. or more in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding have been 
redeemed, repaid or repurchased pursuant to this Condition 6.7, the Issuer may, on not 
less than 30 or more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders given within 30 days after 
the Put Date, redeem, repay, purchase or procure purchase of at its option, the 
remaining Notes as a whole at a price equal to the Early Redemption Amount thereof 
plus, if appropriate, interest accrued to but excluding the date of such redemption, 
repayment or purchase, as the case may be.
(E)
If the rating designations employed by any of Moody’s or S&P are changed from those 
which are described in paragraph (A)(ii) above, or if a rating is procured from a 
Substitute Rating Agency, the Guarantor shall determine, with the agreement of the 
Trustee (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), the rating designations of 
Moody’s or S&P or such Substitute Rating Agency (as appropriate) as are most 
equivalent to the prior rating designations of Moody’s or S&P and paragraph (A)(ii) shall 
be read accordingly.
(F)
The Trustee is under no obligation to ascertain whether a Put Event or Change of 
Control or any event which could lead to the occurrence of or could constitute a Put 
Event or Change of Control has occurred and, until it shall have actual knowledge or 
notice pursuant to the Trust Deed to the contrary, the Trustee may assume that no Put 
Event or Change of Control or other such event has occurred.
6.8
Purchases
The Issuer, the Guarantor or any subsidiary of the Issuer or the Guarantor may at any time 
purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Notes, all unmatured Coupons and 
Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) in any manner or at any price in the open 
market or otherwise. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer or 
the Guarantor, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation.
6.9
Cancellation
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons 
and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so 
cancelled and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 6.8 above (together 
with all unmatured Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Agent 
and cannot be reissued or resold.
6.10
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero 
Coupon Note pursuant to Condition 6.1, 6.2, 6.3, 6.4, 6.5, or 6.7 above or upon its becoming 
due and repayable as provided in Condition 9 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due 
and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided 
in Condition 6.6(c) above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption 
or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by 
references to the date which is the earlier of:
(a)
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been 
paid; and
(b)
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of 
such Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Agent or the Trustee and notice to 
that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13.

--- Page 101 ---
100
7.
TAXATION
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of 
the Issuer or the Guarantor will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of 
any present or future taxes, charges or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on 
behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such 
event, the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will pay such additional amounts as will 
result in the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes or Coupons (after such 
withholding or deduction) being equal to the respective amounts of principal and interest which 
would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, 
in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall 
be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon:
(a)
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for such taxes or duties 
in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of the holder having some connection with 
a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Note or Coupon; or
(b)
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) 
except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to such additional 
amounts on presenting the same for payment on the expiry of such period of 30 days 
assuming that day to have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 5.6); or
(c)
presented for payment in circumstances where such withholding or deduction would not 
be required if the holder or any person acting on their behalf had satisfied any statutory 
requirements or obtained and/or presented any form or certificate or had made a 
declaration of non-residence or similar claim for exemption upon the presentation or 
making of which the holder would have been able to avoid such withholding or 
deduction; or
(d)
where, in the case of CRH Funding B.V. as Issuer, such withholding or deduction is 
required to be made on payments in respect of the Notes and Coupons to affiliated
entities (as defined in and pursuant to the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet 
bronbelasting 2021)).
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, any amounts to be paid on the Notes
by or on behalf of the Issuer will be paid net of any deduction or withholding imposed or 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code (or any regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof) or 
any intergovernmental agreement between the United States and another jurisdiction facilitating 
the implementation thereof (or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices 
implementing such an intergovernmental agreement) (any such withholding or deduction, a 
FATCA Withholding). Neither the Issuer nor any other person will be required to pay any 
additional amounts in respect of FATCA Withholding.
As used herein:
(i)
Tax Jurisdiction means Ireland in relation to CRH Finance DAC and CRH 
SMW Finance DAC, The Netherlands in relation to CRH Funding B.V., or, in 
each case, any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having 
power to tax (in the case of payments by the Issuer) or Ireland or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax (in the case 
of payments by the Guarantor); and

--- Page 102 ---
101
(ii)
the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, 
except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly 
received by the Trustee or the Agent or, in respect of Swiss Notes only, the 
Principal Swiss Paying Agent, on or prior to such due date, it means the date 
on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to 
that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13.
8.
PRESCRIPTION
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest 
are made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of 
interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7) therefor.
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon 
the claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 
5.2 or any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 5.2.
9.
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ENFORCEMENT
9.1
Events of Default
If any of the following events (Events of Default) occurs and is continuing, the Trustee at its 
discretion may and, if so requested by holders of at least one-quarter in nominal amount of the 
Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution, shall (subject, in each 
case, to being indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction) give notice to 
the Issuer and the Guarantor that the Notes are, and they shall immediately become, due and 
payable at their Early Redemption Amount together with accrued interest:
(i)
Non-Payment of Principal: default is made for a period of more than seven days in the 
payment in the Specified Currency on the due date of principal in respect of any of the 
Notes; or
(ii)
Non-Payment of Interest: default is made for a period of more than 14 days in the 
payment in the Specified Currency on the due date of interest in respect of any of the 
Notes; or
(iii)
Breach of Other Obligations: the Issuer or the Guarantor does not perform or comply 
with any one or more of its other obligations in the Notes or the Trust Deed which 
default is, in the opinion of the Trustee, incapable of remedy or, if in the opinion of the 
Trustee capable of remedy, is not in the opinion of the Trustee remedied within 45 days 
after notice of such default shall have been given to the Issuer or the Guarantor by the 
Trustee; or
(iv)
Cross-Default:
(A)
any other present or future indebtedness of the Issuer or the Guarantor or any 
Principal Subsidiary for or in respect of moneys borrowed or raised becomes 
due and payable prior to its stated maturity by reason of any actual or potential 
default, event of default or the like (howsoever described); or
(B)
any such indebtedness is not paid when due or, as the case may be, within any 
applicable grace period; or
(C)
the Issuer or the Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiary fails to pay when due 
any amount payable by it under any present or future guarantee for, or

--- Page 103 ---
102
indemnity in respect of indebtedness for or in respect of, any moneys borrowed 
or raised,
provided that the aggregate amount of the relevant indebtedness, guarantees and 
indemnities in respect of which one or more of the events mentioned above in this 
paragraph (iv) have occurred equals or exceeds the greater of €150,000,000 or 1 per 
cent. of Consolidated Tangible Net Worth or its equivalent in any other currency or 
currencies and provided further that the amount of any such indebtedness, guarantee 
or indemnity shall not be taken into account for the purpose of this paragraph (iv) if the 
Issuer, the Guarantor or the relevant Principal Subsidiary, as the case may be, is 
contesting in good faith through appropriate proceedings its liability to make payment 
thereunder; or
(v)
Enforcement Proceedings: a distress, attachment, execution or other legal process is 
levied, enforced or sued out on or against any substantial part of the property, assets or 
revenues of the Issuer or the Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiary and is not 
discharged or stayed within 90 days thereof; or
(vi)
Insolvency: any of the Issuer or the Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiary is insolvent 
or bankrupt or unable to pay its debts, stops, suspends or threatens to stop or suspend 
payment of all or a substantial part of its debts, proposes or makes a general 
assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of the relevant 
creditors in respect of any of such debts or a moratorium is agreed, declared or comes 
into effect in respect of or affecting all or any part of the debts of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiary; or
(vii)
Winding-up: an administrator, receiver or examiner or other similar official is appointed, 
an order is made or an effective resolution passed for the winding-up or dissolution or 
administration or receivership or examinership of the Issuer or the Guarantor or any 
Principal Subsidiary, or the Issuer or the Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiary shall 
apply or petition for a winding-up or administration order or a court protection order is 
made in respect of itself or cease or through an official action of its board of directors 
threaten to cease to carry on all or a major part of its business in the case of the Issuer 
or the Guarantor or all or substantially all of its business in the case of any Principal 
Subsidiary, in each case except for the purpose of and followed by a reconstruction, 
amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or consolidation (A) on terms approved by the 
Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders or (B) in the case of a 
Principal Subsidiary, whereby the undertaking and assets of such Principal Subsidiary 
are transferred to or otherwise vested in the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may 
be) or another Subsidiary and except that none of the Issuer, the Guarantor and any 
Principal Subsidiary shall be treated as having threatened to cease or having ceased to 
carry on all or the major part of its business in the case of the Issuer or the Guarantor or 
all or substantially all of its business in the case of any Principal Subsidiary by reason of 
any announcement of any disposal or by reason of any disposal on an arms’ length 
basis; or
(viii)
Control of the Issuer: the Guarantor ceases to control directly or indirectly the Issuer;
or
(ix)
Guarantee: the Guarantee is not (or is claimed by the Guarantor not to be) in full force 
and effect,
provided that, in relation to paragraphs(v), (vi) and (vii), in each case in respect of any Principal 
Subsidiary, and (iii) and (ix), the Trustee shall have certified that in its opinion such event is 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders.

--- Page 104 ---
103
Consolidated Tangible Net Worth means at any time the aggregate of:
(a)
the amount paid up or credited as paid up on the issued share capital of the Guarantor; 
and
(b)
the amount standing to the credit of the consolidated capital and revenue reserves of the 
Guarantor,
all as shown in the latest audited annual financial statements of the Guarantor, but adjusted as 
may be necessary to reflect any variation in the paid up share capital or share premium account 
of the Guarantor since the date of such financial statements. A certificate signed by two 
directors of the Guarantor, whether or not addressed to the Trustee, setting out the amount of 
the Consolidated Tangible Net Worth at the date of such certificate including any such 
adjustments shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and the Noteholders, all as further provided in the Trust Deed.
9.2
Enforcement
The Trustee may at any time, at its discretion and without notice, take such proceedings against 
the Issuer and/or the Guarantor as it may think fit to enforce the provisions of the Trust Deed, 
the Notes and the Coupons, but it shall not be bound to take any such proceedings or any other 
action in relation to the Trust Deed, the Notes or the Coupons unless (i) it shall have been so 
directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or so requested in writing by the holders of at least one-
quarter in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding and (ii) it shall have been indemnified 
and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction.
No Noteholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer or the 
Guarantor unless the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, (i) fails so to do within a 
reasonable period, or (ii) is unable for any reason so to do and the failure or inability shall be 
continuing.
10.
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Agent upon payment by the claimant of such costs and 
expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and 
indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or 
Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued.
11.
PAYING AGENTS
The names of the initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. If any 
additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such 
Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms.
The Issuer is entitled, with the prior written approval of the Trustee, to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Paying Agent and/or appoint additional or other Paying Agents and/or 
approve any change in the specified office through which any Paying Agent acts, provided that:
(a)
there will at all times be an Agent;
(b)
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any 
other relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office 
in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock 
exchange or other relevant authority; and

--- Page 105 ---
104
(c)
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe.
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New 
York City in the circumstances described in Condition 5.4.
In respect of any Swiss Notes, the Issuer will at all times maintain a Paying Agent having a 
specified office in Switzerland and will at no time maintain a Paying Agent having a specified 
office outside Switzerland.
The Issuer shall maintain the Make Whole Determination Agent and the Reference Dealers only 
at such times when the relevant functions specified in Condition 6.3 need to be performed.
Except where a Paying Agent is appointed in a jurisdiction outside Europe in relation to a 
specific Series of Notes only, notice of any variation, termination, appointment or change in 
Paying Agents will be given to the Noteholders promptly by the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 13. Where a Paying Agent is appointed in a jurisdiction outside Europe in relation to a 
specific Series of Notes only, details of such Paying Agent will be set out in the applicable Final 
Terms and notice of any variation, termination, appointment or change in such Paying Agent will 
be given to the holders of that Series of Notes promptly by the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 13.
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer 
and the Guarantor and, in certain circumstances specified therein, of the Trustee and do not 
assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders or 
Couponholders. The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any 
Paying Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all 
or substantially all of its assets to become the successor paying agent.
12.
EXCHANGE OF TALONS
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon 
sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of the Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet 
including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final 
date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further 
Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 8.
13.
NOTICES
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published (a) in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in the United Kingdom and (b) if and for 
so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on, and listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin
and the guidelines of Euronext Dublin so require, filed with the Primary Information Provider
(which, for the purposes of these Conditions means the regulatory news distribution service 
utilised by Euronext Dublin to publish and distribute announcements) by Euronext Dublin. The 
Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the 
rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time 
being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading including publication on the website 
of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority if required by those rules. Any such notice 
will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be 
published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required 
newspapers. If publication as provided above is not practicable, a notice will be given in such 
other manner, and will be deemed to have been given on such date, as the Trustee shall 
approve.

--- Page 106 ---
105
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such websites the 
delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication 
by them to the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a 
stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that 
stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published on the website of 
the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general 
circulation in the place or places required by those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to 
have been given to the holders of the Notes on the day as is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg.
So long as Swiss Notes are listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange and so long as the rules of the 
SIX Swiss Exchange so require, all notices in respect of Swiss Notes shall be validly given 
through the Principal Swiss Paying Agent on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case 
may be, by means of electronic publication on the internet website of the SIX Swiss Exchange 
(https://www.six-group.com/en/home.html, where notices are currently published under 
https://www.six-group.com/en/products-services/the-swiss-stock-exchange.html) or otherwise in 
accordance with the regulations of the SIX Swiss Exchange. Any such notices shall be deemed 
to have been validly given on the date of such publication or if published more than once, on the 
first date of such publication.
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together (in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the 
Agent. Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by 
any holder of a Note to the Agent through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, in such manner as the Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
the case may be, may approve for this purpose.
14.
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION, WAIVER AND SUBSTITUTION
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to consider any 
matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a 
modification of the Notes, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Trust Deed. Such a 
meeting may be convened by the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Trustee and shall be convened 
by the Issuer if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than ten per cent. in nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting 
for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing not less 
than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any 
adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the 
nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of 
which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes or the Coupons or the Trust 
Deed (including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest 
thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect 
of the Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes or the Coupons), the quorum shall 
be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of 
the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more 
persons holding or representing not less than one-third in nominal amount of the Notes for the 
time being outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders 
shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting, and on 
all Couponholders.

--- Page 107 ---
106
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to any 
modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the 
provisions of the Notes or the Trust Deed, or determine, without any such consent as aforesaid, 
that any Event of Default or potential Event of Default shall not be treated as such, where, in 
any such case, it is not, in the opinion of the Trustee, materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders so to do or may agree, without any such consent as aforesaid, to any modification 
which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or to correct a manifest error or an error which, in 
the opinion of the Trustee, is proven. Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders 
and the Couponholders and any such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 as soon as practicable thereafter. In addition, the Trustee shall be 
obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark Amendments in the circumstances 
and as otherwise set out in Condition 4.2(h) without the consent or approval of the Noteholders 
or Couponholders.
The Trust Deed provides for (i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held in 
accordance with the Trust Deed by a majority consisting of not less than three-quarters of the 
votes cast on such resolution, (ii) a resolution, with or without notice, in writing signed by or on 
behalf of the holder or holders of not less than 75 per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes 
for the time being outstanding, or (iii) consent given by way of electronic consents through the 
relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Trustee) by or on behalf of the holders 
of not less than 75 percent in nominal amount of the Notes to be effective and binding as if they
were an Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at a meeting of the Noteholders.
In connection with the exercise by it of any of its trusts, powers, authorities and discretions 
(including, without limitation, any modification, waiver, authorisation or determination), the 
Trustee shall have regard to the general interests of the Noteholders as a class (but shall not 
have regard to any interests arising from circumstances particular to individual Noteholders or 
Couponholders whatever their number) and, in particular but without limitation, shall not have 
regard to the consequences of any such exercise for individual Noteholders or Couponholders 
(whatever their number) resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or 
otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory or any political 
sub-division thereof and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Noteholder or 
Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee or any other 
person any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequences of any such 
exercise upon individual Noteholders or Couponholders except to the extent already provided 
for in Condition 7 and/or any undertaking or covenant given in addition to, or in substitution for, 
Condition 7 pursuant to the Trust Deed.
The Trustee may, without the consent of the Noteholders, agree with the Issuer to the 
substitution in place of the Issuer (or of any previous substitute under this Condition) as the 
principal debtor under the Notes, the Coupons and the Trust Deed of another company, being a 
Subsidiary of the Guarantor, or agree with the Guarantor to the substitution in place of the 
Guarantor (or of any previous substitute under this Condition) by its successor in business or by 
any subsidiary of the Guarantor or its successor in business, subject to (a) in the case of the 
substitution of the Issuer the Notes being unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the 
Guarantor, (b) the Trustee being satisfied that the interests of the Noteholders will not be 
materially prejudiced by the substitution and (c) certain other conditions set out in the Trust 
Deed being complied with.

--- Page 108 ---
107
15.
INDEMNIFICATION OF THE TRUSTEE AND TRUSTEE CONTRACTING WITH THE ISSUER 
AND/OR THE GUARANTOR
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility, including provisions relieving it from taking action unless indemnified and/or 
secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction.
The Trust Deed also contains provisions pursuant to which the Trustee is entitled, inter alia, (a) 
to enter into business transactions with the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or any of their respective 
Subsidiaries and to act as trustee for the holders of any other securities issued or guaranteed 
by, or relating to, the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or any of their respective Subsidiaries, (b) to 
exercise and enforce its rights, comply with its obligations and perform its duties under or in 
relation to any such transactions or, as the case may be, any such trusteeship without regard to 
the interests of, or consequences for, the Noteholders or Couponholders and (c) to retain and 
not be liable to account for any profit made or any other amount or benefit received thereby or in 
connection therewith.
16.
FURTHER ISSUES
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the 
Notes or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest 
thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes.
17.
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person 
which exists or is available apart from that Act.
18.
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION
18.1
Governing law
The Trust Deed (including the Guarantee), the Agency Agreement, the Notes and the Coupons 
and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Guarantee, the 
Agency Agreement, the Notes and the Coupons, are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, English law.
18.2
Submission to jurisdiction
(a)
Subject to Condition 18.2(c) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to 
settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Notes and/or 
the Coupons, including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, 
performance, breach or termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute 
relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust 
Deed, the Notes and/or the Coupons (a Dispute) and accordingly each of the Issuer 
and the Trustee and any Noteholders or Couponholders in relation to any Dispute 
submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
(b)
For the purposes of this Condition 18.2, the Issuer waives any objection to the English 
courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any 
Dispute.

--- Page 109 ---
108
(c)
To the extent allowed by law, the Trustee, the Noteholders and the Couponholders 
may, in respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with 
jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.
18.3
Appointment of Process Agent
The Issuer appoints CRH Finance (U.K.) plc at its registered office at Ground Floor T3 Trinity 
Park, Bickenhill Lane, Birmingham B37 7ES, United Kingdom as its agent for service of process 
in any Proceedings before the English courts in relation to any Dispute, and agrees that, in the 
event of CRH Finance (U.K.) plc being unable or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will 
appoint another person approved by the Trustee as its agent for service of process in England 
in respect of any Dispute. The relevant Issuer agrees that failure by a process agent to notify it 
of any process will not invalidate service. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in 
any other manner permitted by law.

--- Page 110 ---
109
USE OF PROCEEDS
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the relevant Issuer for its general 
corporate purposes, which include, inter alia, making intra-group loans and equity contributions to 
Group companies. If in respect of an issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be 
stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 111 ---
110
DESCRIPTION OF CRH FINANCE DAC
Overview
CRH Finance DAC (CRH Finance) is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of CRH. CRH Finance is 
incorporated in Ireland with registration number 50074. CRH Finance was incorporated under the 
Companies Act 1963 (as amended) on 17 December 1974 as a limited liability company under the 
name Cement-Roadstone Finance Limited and its name was changed to CRH Finance Limited with the 
approval of the Registrar of Companies on 2 June 1987. By ordinary and special resolutions dated 31
August 2016, CRH Finance elected to re-register as a designated activity company under Section 56(1) 
of the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland (as amended) and to adopt a new constitution in connection 
therewith. CRH Finance was re-registered as a designated activity company and its name was changed 
to CRH Finance DAC with effect from 16 September 2016. The address of CRH Finance’s registered 
office is 42 Fitzwilliam Square, Dublin 2, D02 R279, Ireland and the telephone number of the registered 
office is +353-1-634-4340.
The issued share capital of CRH Finance is legally and beneficially owned and directly controlled by 
CRH and CRH Belgard Limited (an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of CRH). The rights of CRH as a 
shareholder in CRH Finance are contained in the articles of association of CRH Finance and CRH 
Finance is managed by its directors in accordance with those articles and with Irish law.
All transactions between CRH and CRH Finance are carried out on an arm’s length basis.
Business of CRH Finance
CRH Finance is a finance company established principally to borrow and lend monies to the Group 
companies on behalf of CRH.
Board of Directors
The Directors and Company Secretary of CRH Finance and their functions and principal activities 
outside the Group, are as follows:
Name
Title
Principal activities outside the 
Group
Jim Mintern(1)
Director
-
Aylwyn Bryan(1)
Director
-
Neil Colgan(2)
Director 
-
CRH Corporate Services Limited
Secretary
-
The business address of each of the above Directors is: (1) Stonemasons Way, Rathfarnham, Dublin 
16, D16 KH51, Ireland and (2) 42 Fitzwilliam Square, Dublin 2, D02 R279, Ireland.
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties to CRH Finance of any of the Directors 
listed above and their private interests and/or other duties.
Share Capital
The authorised share capital of CRH Finance is €6,250,002,500 divided into 4,000,001,000 “A” Ordinary 
Shares with a par value of €1.25 each, 1,000 “B” Ordinary Shares with a par value of €1.25 each and 
1,000,000,000 “C” Redeemable Shares of €1.25 each. Its issued and fully paid up share capital is 
€1,122,037,808 being made up of 100,001,000 “A” Ordinary Shares with a par value of €1.25 each,

--- Page 112 ---
111
1,000 “B” Ordinary Shares with a par value of €1.25 each and 797,628,246 “C” Redeemable Shares of 
€1.25 each.
Litigation
CRH Finance is not and has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which CRH Finance is aware), 
during the 12 months prior to the date hereof, which may have, or have had in the recent past a 
significant effect on the financial position or profitability of CRH Finance.
Financial Information
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 357(1)(b) of the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland (as amended), 
CRH has guaranteed the liabilities of CRH Finance for the financial years ended 31 December 2021, 31 
December 2022 and 31 December 2023 and, as a result, CRH Finance has been exempted from the 
filing provisions of Sections 347 and 348 of the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland (as amended). CRH 
Finance is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of CRH and the consolidated accounts of CRH Finance 
are consolidated into the consolidated annual accounts of CRH.

--- Page 113 ---
112
DESCRIPTION OF CRH FUNDING B.V.
Overview
CRH Funding B.V. is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of CRH. CRH Funding B.V. has no 
subsidiaries. CRH Funding B.V. is registered with the Trade Register of the Chamber of Commerce 
under number 57502536 and has its corporate seat at Rijswijk (Zuid-Holland), The Netherlands. CRH 
Funding B.V. was incorporated under the laws of The Netherlands on 19 March 2013 as a private 
company with limited liability, under the name “CRH Funding B.V.”. The address of CRH Funding B.V.’s 
registered office is De Klencke 10, 1083 HL Amsterdam, The Netherlands and the telephone number of 
the registered office is +31 20 304 5100.
The issued share capital of CRH Funding B.V. is ultimately beneficially owned and directly controlled by 
CRH. The rights of CRH as a shareholder in CRH Funding B.V. are contained in the articles of 
association of CRH Funding B.V. and CRH Funding B.V. is managed by its directors in accordance with 
those articles and with Dutch law.
All transactions between CRH and CRH Funding B.V. are carried out on an arm’s length basis.
Business of CRH Funding B.V.
CRH Funding B.V. acts as a finance company on behalf of CRH.
Board of Directors
The Director of CRH Funding B.V. and its functions are as follows:
Name
Title
CRH Nederland B.V.
Director
The Director listed above has no activities outside the Group which are significant with respect to the 
Group.
The business address of the Director is De Klencke 10, 1083 HL Amsterdam, The Netherlands.
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties to CRH Funding B.V. of the Director listed 
above and its corporate interests and/or other duties.
The Director of CRH Nederland B.V. and its functions are as follows:
Name
Title
CRH International B.V.
Director
The Directors of CRH International B.V. and their functions are as follows:
Name
Title
Raymundus Gualbertus Maria Pillen
Director
Aylwyn George Bryan
Director
Arijan Johan Bakker
Director
Niamh Flood
Director

--- Page 114 ---
113
Litigation
CRH Funding B.V. is not and has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which CRH Funding 
B.V. is aware), during the 12 months prior to the date hereof, which may have, or have had in the recent 
past a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of CRH Funding B.V.
Share Capital
The authorised share capital of CRH Funding B.V. is €10,000 divided into 10 ordinary shares with a par 
value of €1,000 each. Its issued and fully paid up share capital is €10,000.
Financial Information
CRH Funding B.V.’s annual financial year-end date is 31 December. CRH Funding B.V.’s latest annual 
audited financial statements are for the year ended 31 December 2023.
The independent auditors of CRH Funding B.V. are Deloitte Accountants B.V. who has audited CRH 
Funding B.V.'s financial statements for the financial years ended 31 December 2021, 31 December 
2022 and 31 December 2023, which is a member of the Netherlands Institute of Chartered Accountants 
(Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants) and is authorised and regulated by the Dutch 
Authority for Financial Markets (Autoriteit Financiële Markten).

--- Page 115 ---
114
DESCRIPTION OF CRH SMW FINANCE DAC
Overview
CRH SMW Finance DAC (CRH SMW) is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of CRH. CRH Belgard 
Limited, a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of CRH, owns one ordinary share of €1.00 in the issued share 
capital of CRH SMW (representing 100 per cent. of the issued share capital). CRH SMW is incorporated
in Ireland with registration number 648773. CRH SMW was incorporated under the Companies Act 
2014 (as amended) on 24 April 2019 as a designated activity company. The address of CRH SMW's
registered office is 42 Fitzwilliam Square, Dublin 2, Ireland D02 R279 and the telephone number of the 
registered address is +353-1-634-4340.
All transactions between CRH and CRH SMW are carried out on an arm’s length basis.
The issued share capital of CRH SMW is legally and beneficially owned and directly controlled by CRH 
Belgard Limited (a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of CRH). The rights of CRH as a shareholder in CRH 
SMW are contained in the articles of association of CRH SMW and CRH SMW is managed by its 
directors in accordance with those articles and with Irish law.
Business of CRH SMW
CRH SMW is a finance company established principally to borrow and lend monies to the Group 
companies on behalf of CRH.
Board of Directors
The Directors of and Company Secretary of CRH SMW and their functions, are as follows:
Name
Title
Aylwyn Bryan(1)
Director
Alan Connolly(1)
Director
Neil Colgan(2)
Director
CRH Corporate Services Limited
Secretary
None of the members of the Board of Directors listed above has any activities outside the Group which 
are significant with respect to the Group.
The business address of the above Directors is: (1) Stonemasons Way, Rathfarnham, Dublin 16, D16 
KH51, Ireland and (2) 42 Fitzwilliam Square, Dublin 2, D02 R279, Ireland.
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties to CRH SMW of any of the Directors listed 
above and their private interests and/or other duties.
Litigation
CRH SMW is not and has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which CRH SMW is aware), during 
the 12 months prior to the date hereof, which may have, or have had in the recent past a significant 
effect on the financial position or profitability of CRH SMW.

--- Page 116 ---
115
Share Capital
The authorised share capital of CRH SMW is €1,000,000 divided into 1,000,000 ordinary shares of 
€1.00 each. Its issued and fully paid up share capital is €1.00 made up of 1 ordinary share of €1.00.
Financial Information
CRH SMW’s annual financial year-end date is 31 December. CRH SMW commenced operations in 
August 2019. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 357(1)(b) of the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland (as 
amended), CRH has guaranteed the liabilities of CRH SMW for the financial periods ended 31 
December 2021, 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023 and, as a result, CRH SMW has been 
exempted from the filing provisions of Sections 347 and 348 of the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland (as 
amended). CRH SMW is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of CRH and the consolidated accounts of 
CRH SMW are consolidated into the consolidated annual accounts of CRH.

--- Page 117 ---
116
DESCRIPTION OF CRH PLC
Overview
CRH plc (CRH) is a leading provider of building materials solutions. In 2023, the Group generated 
U.S.$34.9 billion of revenues, U.S.$3.1 billion of net income and U.S.$6.2 billion of Adjusted EBITDA
(as defined in the section entitled “Non-GAAP Reconciliation” on pages xi to xiii of the CRH plc 2023 
Annual Report and Form 10-K incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus). Since formation in 
1970, CRH has evolved from being a supplier of base materials to providing end-to-end value-added 
solutions that solve complex construction challenges for its customers. The Group works closely with 
customers across the entire project lifecycle from planning, design, manufacture, installation and 
maintenance through to end-of-life recycling, using its engineering and innovation expertise to provide 
superior materials, products and services. 
The Group integrates essential materials (aggregates and cement), value-added building products and 
construction services to provide customers with complete end-to-end solutions. The Group’s 
capabilities, innovation and technical expertise enable it to be a valuable partner for transportation and 
critical utility infrastructure projects, complex non-residential construction and outdoor living solutions. 
The Group’s business addresses the needs of customers across infrastructure, non-residential and 
residential construction markets. In 2023, approximately 35 per cent. of revenues came from 
infrastructure (such as highways, streets, roads, bridges, and critical utility infrastructure), 30 per cent.
from non-residential construction (including construction and maintenance of manufacturing, data centre 
and distribution facilities), 35 per cent. from residential construction, 55 per cent. from sales to new-build 
construction, while 45 per cent. of revenues came from repair and remodel activity.
Operating in 28 countries, the Group has market leadership positions in North America and Europe. In 
2023, 72 per cent. of net income and 73 per cent. of Adjusted EBITDA was generated in North America. 
The United States is expected to be a key driver of future growth for the Group due to continued 
economic expansion, a growing population and significant public investment in construction. The 
Group’s European business, which benefits from strong economic and construction growth prospects 
across Central and Eastern Europe as well as recurring repair and remodel demand in Western Europe, 
is an important strategic part of the Group and the Group intends to continue to expand its operations 
across the region. In both geographies there is significant government support for infrastructure and 
increasing demand for integrated solutions in major infrastructure and commercial projects. 
The Group has a proven track record in value creation through acquisition which over the last decade 
has accounted for approximately two-thirds of the Group’s growth. The Group achieves this by acquiring 
businesses at attractive valuations and creating value by integrating them with existing operations and 
generating synergies. The Group takes an active approach to portfolio management and continually
reviews the competitive landscape for attractive investment and divestiture opportunities to deliver 
further growth and value creation for shareholders. In 2023, the Group completed 22 acquisitions for a 
total consideration of U.S.$0.7 billion compared with U.S.$3.3 billion in 2022. The largest acquisition in 
2023 was in the Group’s Americas Building Solutions segment where the Group completed the 
acquisition of Hydro International, a leading provider of stormwater and wastewater solutions in North 
America and Europe.
In 2023, CRH transitioned its primary stock exchange listing from the LSE to the NYSE. CRH currently 
maintains a primary listing on the NYSE and a standard listing on the LSE for its ordinary shares, each 
listing represented by the ticker symbol “CRH”. CRH believes that its NYSE primary listing will bring 
increased commercial, operational and acquisition opportunities for the Group, further accelerating its 
integrated solutions strategy and delivering even higher levels of profitability, cash and returns for its 
shareholders. 
Customer Solutions

--- Page 118 ---
117
The Group’s differentiated strategy integrates building materials, products and services by providing 
them to customers as complete solutions that solve key challenges across the built environment. 
Essential Materials
Essential Materials, consisting of aggregates and cement, are the foundation of the Group’s solutions 
strategy. The Group’s vertically integrated businesses manufacture and supply these materials for use 
extensively in a wide range of construction applications, ranging from major road and infrastructure 
projects to the development and refurbishment of commercial buildings, private residences, public 
spaces and communities. The Group’s deep materials and market knowledge, along with its extensive 
network of locations and assets, drives performance and helps the Group deliver value to customers. 
Customers typically range from national, regional and local governments to contractors and other 
construction product and service providers.
Road Solutions
The Group is a leading provider of solutions for sustainable road construction in North America and 
Europe. With the Group’s capabilities in manufacturing, installation, maintenance and circularity, it
delivers a range of innovative solutions for customers to better connect communities, from major public 
highway infrastructure projects to residential roads, airports and parking lots. As responsible operators 
considerate of environmental impact, the Group optimises the use of recycled materials in its paving 
services, thereby reducing waste, emissions and energy consumption. Fully integrated with the Group’s
Essential Materials businesses, the Group has developed its Road Solutions offering to provide 
customers with quality, flexibility, speed, expertise and convenience through deep market knowledge 
and a highly capable team of professionals.
Building and Infrastructure Solutions
The Group’s Building & Infrastructure Solutions connect, protect and transport critical water, energy and 
telecommunications infrastructure to help solve complex construction challenges. The Group integrates
design, materials, products and engineering to enable the transition to a more sustainable and resilient 
built environment with a particular focus on the below-ground built environment where the Group is a 
leading provider of multi-material infrastructure that connects and protects the critical utilities that 
enhance the daily lives of millions of people.
Outdoor Living Solutions
The Group’s Outdoor Living Solutions integrate specialised materials, products and design features to 
enhance the quality of private and public spaces. The Group helps customers in residential and 
commercial markets create unique outdoor settings by providing solutions for repair, remodel and new 
construction projects. The Group’s business is closely connected to customers through a broad 
geographic network as well as a comprehensive suite of products and services spanning hardscapes, 
masonry, fencing, railing, packaged lawn and garden products, pool finishes and composite decking. 
The Group places a strong focus on anticipating the needs of customers and constantly strives to 
exceed customer expectations. The Group does this by continually enhancing its offering through 
innovation, portfolio expansion and multifaceted collaboration.
Innovation and Sustainability
The Group is accelerating investment in innovation to develop a higher-performing and more 
sustainable built environment. Through its U.S.$250 million Venturing and Innovation Fund, the Group is
supporting the development of new technologies and innovative solutions to meet the increasingly 
complex needs of customers and evolving trends in construction. The Group’s ability to replicate and 
scale its innovation and technical expertise between Europe and North America provides it with 
opportunities for further growth. Through its Innovation Centre for Sustainable Construction, the Group
has a global network of experts across its businesses collaborating in the research, development and 
replication of innovative solutions. In addition, the Group’s CRH Ventures platform works in partnership

--- Page 119 ---
118
with industrial leaders (such as Shell, Volvo, Caterpillar and others) and academic institutions to pilot 
and scale cutting-edge and innovative technologies.
Sustainability is deeply embedded in all aspects of the Group’s business and sustainability leadership is 
a key pillar of the Group’s purpose. The Group’s building materials solutions play an important role in 
shaping a more sustainable built environment and in 2023, revenues from products with enhanced 
sustainability attributes were U.S.$13.9 billion, an increase of 10 per cent. compared with 2022 and an 
increase of 22 per cent. compared with 2021.
The Group’s sustainability framework identifies three global challenges for society and the built 
environment: water, circularity and decarbonisation. The Group’s ability to solve these challenges by 
uniquely integrating its materials, products and services, positions it to capture further value and 
accelerate growth across the Group.

Water: The Group is advancing solutions to address global water challenges by enhancing 
flood resilience and improving water management. This includes upgrading water infrastructure, 
improving wastewater treatment, recharging groundwater and conserving water across the 
supply chain.

Circularity: The Group is reimagining the way materials are used to enable a more circular 
economy. The Group’s efforts include preserving natural resources, recycling and reusing 
construction and waste materials, facilitating resource-efficient buildings and infrastructure and 
building more circular supply chains.

Decarbonisation: The Group is developing innovative solutions to support a low-carbon future. 
The Group’s goals include reducing its absolute carbon emissions, minimising operational 
carbon from its products and creating energy efficient solutions to facilitate the clean energy 
transition.
By continuing to meet the changing needs of customers and society, the Group aims to drive further 
growth and value creation. The Group is striving to create a positive impact on the natural world, helping 
its people and communities to thrive. The Group also strives to stand out as a responsible business by 
collaborating to ensure a more sustainable supply chain and embedding responsible conduct at each 
level throughout the organisation.
Business Segment Information
In the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group was organised through four segments across two 
divisions.
Americas Division
The Group’s Americas Division comprises two segments: Americas Materials Solutions and Americas 
Building Solutions. The North American market’s positive fundamentals, including strong population 
growth and significant public investment in construction, is driving demand for the Group’s materials, 
products and services. Over several decades, the Group has established leadership positions across 
the United States and Canada. The Division employs approximately 46,400 people at 1,949 locations 
across 48 states of the United States and seven Canadian provinces.
Americas Materials Solutions
Americas Materials Solutions provides building materials for the construction and maintenance of public 
infrastructure and commercial and residential buildings in North America. The primary materials 
produced by this segment include aggregates, cement, ready-mixed concrete and asphalt. This 
segment also provides paving and construction services for customers.

--- Page 120 ---
119
In 2023, this segment accounted for approximately 44 per cent. of the Group’s total revenues and 50
per cent. of Adjusted EBITDA. Approximately 50 per cent. of segment revenues came from 
infrastructure, 30 per cent. from non-residential construction and 20 per cent. from residential 
construction. New-build construction accounted for approximately 50 per cent. of segment revenues 
while the remaining 50 per cent. came from repair and remodel activity.
The Americas Materials Solutions segment leverages the Group’s strong market knowledge, deep 
industry expertise and extensive array of essential materials to implement the Group’s differentiated 
strategy, offering value-added, end-to-end solutions which combine different types of materials, 
products and services to satisfy multiple customer needs. In turn, this enables the Group to provide a 
value-enhancing, one-stop-shop experience, saving time and reducing logistical complexity for 
customers. Through this approach, the Group aims to reduce lead times and complexity, deepening 
relationships, driving repeat business and increasing the share of customer wallet spent on the Group’s
products and services.
Vertical integration is a defining characteristic within this segment, enabling the Group to optimise 
production throughout the value chain and to capture greater value. In order to support its operations, 
the Group has established a network of long-term reserves at quarry locations, predominantly adjacent 
to urban areas where demand for its materials and products is strongest. 
Americas Building Solutions
Americas Building Solutions manufactures, supplies and delivers high quality, value-added, innovative 
solutions for the built environment in communities across North America. Solutions in this segment are 
highly specified, designed and engineered thereby adding value for the customer. This segment offers 
solutions serving complex critical utility infrastructure (such as water, energy, transportation and 
telecommunications projects) and outdoor living solutions for enhancing private and public spaces.
In 2023, Americas Building Solutions accounted for approximately 20 per cent. of the Group’s total 
revenues and 23 per cent. of Adjusted EBITDA. Approximately 65 per cent. of segment revenues came 
from sales to residential, 25 per cent. to the non-residential market and 10 per cent. to infrastructure. 
Repair and remodel activity accounted for approximately 60 per cent. of segment revenues, with the 
remaining 40 per cent. from new-build construction.
This segment analyses market trends, including increasing urbanisation, demand for more sustainable 
construction and evolving customer preferences to devise high quality, effective building product 
solutions. The Group’s ability to provide end-to-end solutions which are tailored to the specific 
requirements of individual customer projects helps to drive competitive advantage and deliver 
sustainable growth in this segment.
Europe Division
The Group’s Europe Division comprises two segments: Europe Materials Solutions and Europe Building 
Solutions. In Eastern Europe, the Group see high growth potential through strong infrastructure activity 
underpinned by European Union funding mechanisms. In Western Europe, the Group’s businesses 
operate in markets which are more stable and developed with resilient demand for repair and remodel 
activity. In both regions, the Group is experiencing increasing demand for its integrated end-to-end 
solutions offering. The Europe Division employs approximately 32,100 people at 1,441 locations across 
28 countries.
Europe Materials Solutions
Europe Materials Solutions provides building materials for the construction of public infrastructure and 
commercial and residential buildings across Europe. The primary materials produced in this segment 
include aggregates, cement, ready-mixed concrete, asphalt and concrete products.

--- Page 121 ---
120
In 2023, this segment accounted for 28 per cent. of the Group’s total revenues and 22 per cent. of 
Adjusted EBITDA. Approximately 35 per cent. of segment revenues came from infrastructure, 35 per 
cent. from residential construction, and 30 per cent. from non-residential construction. New-build 
construction accounted for approximately 65 per cent. of segment revenues, with the remaining 35 per 
cent. from repair and remodel activity.
The segment has extensively integrated its operations, enabling it to provide essential materials, value-
added products and services and complete solutions to customers. CRH has established itself as a 
market leader through this integrated approach, particularly in European regions, where the Group’s 
cement, ready-mixed concrete and aggregates operations have been integrated with its precast and 
concrete products businesses, enabling strong value creation through commercial excellence and 
performance improvement initiatives. 
Europe Building Solutions
Europe Building Solutions combines materials, products and services to produce a wide range of 
architectural and infrastructural solutions for use in the building and renovation of critical utility 
infrastructure, commercial and residential buildings and outdoor living spaces. This business serves the 
growing demand across the construction value chain for innovative and value-added products and 
services.
In 2023, this segment accounted for 8 per cent. of the Group’s total revenues and 5 per cent. of 
Adjusted EBITDA. Approximately 40 per cent. of segment revenues came from residential construction, 
35 per cent. from non-residential construction, and 25 per cent. from infrastructure. New-build 
construction accounted for approximately 80 per cent. of segment revenues, with the remaining 20 per 
cent. from repair and remodel activity.
This business integrates design, engineering, materials and products to enable the transition to a more 
sustainable and resilient built environment.
Materials and Products 
The following materials and products are produced and supplied by the Group’s businesses. 
Aggregates 
Aggregates are naturally occurring mineral deposits such as granite, limestone and sandstone. The 
Group extracts these deposits and processes them for sale as aggregates products such as sand, 
gravel, and crushed stone. Typically, aggregates are used in road and rail infrastructure, building 
foundations and in the production of products including concrete and asphalt. Annualised aggregates 
sales volumes10 in 2023 for the Americas Division and Europe Division were 213.9 million tons and 
104.0 million tons, respectively.
Cement
Cement is produced from limestone reserves and is the primary binding agent in the production of 
concrete products, including ready-mixed concrete and mortars, which are used extensively throughout 
the built environment. Annualised cement sales volumes in 2023 for the Americas Division and Europe 
Division were 13.4 million tons and 30.9 million tons, respectively.
Concrete
10 Annualised sales volumes reflect the full-year impact of acquisitions and divestitures during the year and may vary from actual 
volumes sold.

--- Page 122 ---
121
Concrete is a highly versatile building material, comprised of aggregates bound together with cement 
and water. Ready-mixed concrete is the most commonly used form of concrete. It forms the foundations 
of buildings and homes, roads, tunnels and bridges, water management systems and clean energy 
structures. While ready-mixed concrete is supplied to customers for on-site casting, the Group’s
infrastructural concrete businesses produce and supply precast and pre-stressed concrete products 
such as floor and wall elements, beams and vaults, pipes and manholes. These products are delivered 
to, and assembled at, construction sites where they are used throughout the modern built environment. 
Annualised ready-mixed concrete sales volumes in 2023 for the Americas Division and Europe Division 
were 16.1 million cubic yards and 18.3 million cubic yards, respectively.
Asphalt
Asphalt consists of aggregates bound together with bitumen and is widely used as a surface material in 
roads, bridges, airport runways, sidewalks and other amenities. In recent years, the use of recycled 
materials in asphalt has increased considerably. Using materials from existing road surfaces to produce 
new asphalt reduces the need for virgin material demand, extends the life of the Group’s aggregates 
reserves and contributes to reducing the carbon footprint of the product. Recycled Asphalt Pavement 
and Recycled Asphalt Shingles are used extensively by the Group’s businesses to produce new asphalt 
products for road and other surfaces. Annualised asphalt sales volumes in 2023 for the Americas 
Division and Europe Division were 52.5 million tons and 10.2 million tons, respectively.
Building Products 
The Group’s Building & Infrastructure Solutions businesses manufacture concrete and polymer-based 
products such as underground vaults, drainage systems, utility enclosures and modular precast 
structures which are typically supplied to the water, energy, telecommunications and railroad markets. 
The businesses also provide a range of engineered steel and polymer-based anchoring, fixing and 
connecting solutions for a variety of new-build construction applications.
The Group’s Outdoor Living Solutions businesses manufactures a variety of concrete masonry, 
hardscape and related products including pavers, blocks and curbs, retaining walls and slabs. The 
businesses also produce fencing and railing systems, composite decking, lawn and garden products 
and packaged concrete mixes. These products are supplied to residential, commercial & do-it-yourself 
construction markets.
Directors 
The Board of Directors manages the business of CRH. The Directors, other than the non-executive 
Directors, serve as executive officers of CRH. The Directors of CRH and their functions and principal 
activities outside the Group, are as follows:
Name
Title
R. Boucher
Chairman (Non-management)
C. Dowling
Director (Non-management)
R. Fearon
Director (Non-management)
J. Karlström
Director (Non-management)
S. Kelly
Director (Non-management)
B. Khan
Director (Non-management)
A. Manifold
Chief Executive
J. Mintern
Chief Financial Officer
L. McKay
Director (Non-management)

--- Page 123 ---
122
G. L. Platt
Director (Non-management)
M.K. Rhinehart
Director (Non-management)
S. Talbot
Director (Non-management)
C. Verchere
Director (Non-management)
The business address of each of the above (other than the Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer) 
is 42 Fitzwilliam Square, Dublin 2, D02 R279, Ireland. The business address of the Chief Executive is 
Belgard Castle, Clondalkin, Dublin 22, D22 AV61, Ireland and the business address of the Chief 
Financial Officer is Stonemasons Way, Rathfarnham, Dublin 16, D16 KH51, Ireland.
R. Boucher
Richie was appointed as a non-management Director in March 2018. An Irish national, he has extensive 
experience in all aspects of financial services and was Chief Executive of Bank of Ireland Group plc 
between February 2009 and October 2017. He also held a number of key senior management roles 
within Bank of Ireland, Royal Bank of Scotland and Ulster Bank. He is a past President of the Institute of 
Banking in Ireland and of the Irish Banking Federation. Richard holds a Bachelor of Arts in Economics 
from Trinity College, Dublin and is a fellow of the Institute of Banking in Ireland. Richie is a non-
management Director of Kennedy-Wilson Holdings, Inc., a global real estate investment company. He is 
also a non-executive Director of Clonbio Group Limited, which manufactures sustainable bio products 
and produces renewable energy.
C. Dowling
Caroline Dowling was appointed as a non-management Director in March 2021. She is an Irish national 
and was until her retirement in February 2018, a Business Group President of Flex Ltd, an industry 
leading Fortune 500 company with operations in 30 countries. In this role she led the 
Telecommunications, Enterprise Compute, Networking and Cloud Data Centre and was also 
responsible for managing the Global Services Division, supporting complex supply chains. Prior to this, 
Caroline held a range of senior executive roles in Flex, including responsibility for development & 
strategy, marketing, retail & technical services and global sales. Caroline is a non-executive Director of 
DCC plc, IMI plc and Orion SCM, Inc. (a US-based software firm) and holds a diploma in Environmental, 
Social and Governance from the Institute of Corporate Governance.
R. Fearon
Richard Fearon was appointed as a non-management Director in December 2020. He is a US citizen 
and was until March 2021 the Vice Chairman and Chief Financial and Planning Officer of Eaton 
Corporation plc, a global power management company, roles he held since 2009 and 2002, 
respectively. He had responsibility and oversight for a number of key operational and strategic functions 
at Eaton, including accounting, control, corporate development, information systems, internal audit, 
investor relations, strategic planning, tax and treasury functions. Prior to joining Eaton, he worked at 
several large diversified companies, including Transamerica Corporation, NatSteel Ltd, and The Walt 
Disney Company. He also served as a management consultant with Booz Allen & Hamilton and The 
Boston Consulting Group. Richard holds a Bachelor of Arts in Economics from Stanford University, a 
Master’s of Business Administration from Harvard Business School and a Juris Doctorate from Harvard 
Law School. Richard is a non-executive Chairman and independent Director of Avient Corporation, and 
a non-management Director of both Crown Holdings, Inc, and Waters Corporation.
J. Karlström

--- Page 124 ---
123
Johan Karlström became a non-management Director in September 2019. He is a Swedish citizen and 
was President and Chief Executive Officer of Skanska AB, a leading multinational construction and 
project development company until 2017. Over a thirty-year career with Skanska, he held a variety of 
leadership roles in Europe and America, before becoming President and Chief Executive in 2008. He 
also served as President and Chief Executive Officer of BPA (now Bravida), a listed mechanical and 
installation group from 1996 to 2000. He has a Master’s degree in Engineering from the KTH Royal 
Institute of Technology, Sweden. He is the Chairman of Nimlas AB.
S. Kelly
Shaun Kelly became a non-management director in December 2019. He holds dual US and Irish 
citizenship and was until September 2019, the Global Chief Operating Officer of KPMG International, 
where he was responsible for the execution of the firm’s global strategy and for the delivery of various 
global initiatives. Over a thirty-year career with KPMG, the majority of which was spent in the US, he 
held a variety of senior leadership positions, including Partner in Charge, US Transaction Services 
(2001-2005), Vice Chair and Head of US Tax (2005 to 2010) and Vice Chair Operations and Chief 
Operating Officer Americas (2010 to 2015), before his appointment as Global Chief Operating Officer in 
2015. He is a Fellow of Chartered Accountants Ireland and a US Certified Public Accountant. He also 
holds a Bachelor of Commerce and Diploma in Professional Accounting from University College Dublin 
and an honorary doctorate from Queen’s University Belfast. Mr. Kelly is a non-executive Director of Park 
Indemnity Limited. 
B. Khan
Badar Khan became a non-management director in October 2021. He is a dual British and United 
States national. Badar is currently Chief Executive Officer and Director of EVgo, Inc., one of the largest 
public electric vehicle fast charging networks in the United States. He was, until June 2022, President of 
National Grid US, a major business segment of the leading energy transmission and distribution 
company, National Grid plc. Prior to this, he held a variety of roles in National Grid, including 
responsibility for strategy and innovation. Before joining National Grid, he worked at Centrica plc (2003 
to 2017), a leading international energy services and solutions company, where he held a variety of 
senior executive positions in the UK and the United States, and has prior experience in marketing, 
consulting and project management. Mr Khan holds a Bachelor of Engineering degree from Brunel 
University and an MBA from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.
A. Manifold 
Albert Manifold joined CRH in 1998. He is an Irish national and prior to joining CRH he was Chief 
Operating Officer with a private equity group. He was appointed Chief Operating Officer and a CRH 
Board Director in January 2009, and became Chief Executive Officer with effect from 1 January 2014. 
Prior to his appointment to the CRH Board, Albert held a variety of senior positions, including Finance 
Director of the Europe Materials Division, Group Development Director and Managing Director of 
Europe Materials. He is a non-executive Director of LyondellBasell Industries N.V., one of the largest 
plastics, chemicals and refining companies in the world and a non-executive Director of Mercury 
Holdings Unlimited Company, a European leader in construction solutions.
J. Mintern
Jim Mintern was appointed to the Board in June 2021. He is an Irish national with over 30 years of 
experience in the building materials industry, nearly 20 years of which have been with CRH. Jim joined 
CRH as Finance Director for Roadstone and since then has held several senior positions across the 
Group, including Country Manager for Ireland, Managing Director of each of the Western and Eastern 
regions of the Europe Materials division and Chief of Staff to the Chief Executive. He was appointed to 
the Board and became Chief Financial Officer with effect from 1 June 2021. Jim holds a Bachelor of 
Commerce from University College Dublin and is a Fellow of Chartered Accountants Ireland.

--- Page 125 ---
124
L. McKay
Lamar McKay was appointed to the Board in December 2020. Lamar, a US citizen, was until July 2020 
Chief Transition Officer of BP plc. During a 40 year career in Amoco and subsequently with BP following 
their merger, Mr. McKay held a variety of senior executive roles, including responsibility for BP’s 
interests in the TNK-BP joint venture, Chairman and CEO of BP Americas (during which period he acted 
as President of the Gulf Coast Restoration Organization and Chief Executive Officer for BP’s world-wide 
Upstream Division). From April 2016 to February 2020, he was Deputy Group Chief Executive Officer of 
BP. He holds a Bachelor of Science from Mississippi State University. He is a non-management
Chairman of APA Corporation.
G. L. Platt
Gillian Platt was appointed to the board in January 2017. A Canadian citizen, she has held a number of 
senior leadership positions in a variety of industries, geographies and roles including human resources, 
corporate affairs and strategy. She was previously Executive Vice President and Chief Human 
Resources Officer at Finning International, Inc. (the world’s largest Caterpillar equipment dealer) with 
global responsibility for human resources, talent development and communications. She previously held 
senior executive roles at Aviva, the multinational insurance company, as Executive Vice President 
Human Resources and Executive Vice President Strategy and Corporate Development. She holds a 
Bachelor of Arts from the University of Western Ontario and a Master’s of Education from the University 
of Toronto. She is a non-management Director of Interfor Corporation, a Canadian listed company, 
which is one of the world’s largest providers of lumber.
M. Rhinehart 
Mary Rhinehart was appointed to the Board in October 2018. A US citizen, she is a non-management 
Chairman of Johns Manville Corporation, which is a leading global manufacturer of premium-quality 
building products and engineered specialty materials, and Lubrizol Corporation, which is a global 
speciality chemicals company. Over nearly 40 years with Johns Manville Corporation, she has held a 
wide range of global leadership roles, encompassing responsibility for business management and 
strategic business development and was also Chief Financial Officer. Mary was formerly a non-
management Director of Ply Gem Holdings Inc., a leader in exterior building products in North America, 
and lead Director of CoBiz Financial Inc. She holds a Bachelor's degree in Finance from the University 
of Colorado and an MBA degree from the University of Denver. She is a non-executive Director of 
Graphic Packaging Holding Company, and a non-executive Chairman for Johns Manville Corporation
and Lubrizol Corporation, both of which are Berkshire Hathaway companies.
S. Talbot
Siobhan Talbot was appointed to the Board of CRH as a non-executive Director in December 2018. She 
is an Irish national and served as the Group Managing Director of Glanbia plc, a global nutrition 
company with operations in 32 countries, from 2013 until her retirement in December 2023. Prior to her 
appointment as Group Managing Director, she served as Finance Director, a role which encompassed 
responsibility for Glanbia’s strategic planning. Before
joining Glanbia,
Siobhan
worked with 
PricewaterhouseCoopers in Dublin and Sydney. A Fellow of Chartered Accountants Ireland, she holds a 
Bachelor of Commerce and Diploma in Professional Accounting from University College Dublin. 
C. Verchere

--- Page 126 ---
125
Christina Verchere joined the Board of CRH as a non-management Director in March 2023. She has 
dual British and US citizenship and is Chief Executive Officer of OMV Petrom S.A. (OMVP), a position 
she has held since 2018. OMVP is the largest integrated energy company in Southern and Eastern 
Europe and is active across the energy value chain from oil and gas production to power generation and 
supply. Prior to joining OMVP, Christina spent over 20 years working with BP plc, a leading 
multinational oil and gas company, where she held a variety of senior leadership positions in the UK, the 
US, Canada and Indonesia, including Regional President, Asia Pacific and Regional President, Canada. 
She holds a Master’s Degree in Economics Science from the University of Aberdeen, Scotland.
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties to CRH of any of the Directors listed 
above and their private interests and/or other duties.
Litigation
The Group’s companies are parties to various legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business, 
including some in which claims for damages have been asserted against the companies. CRH is not 
and has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which were pending or threatened of which CRH is aware), during the 12 months prior to 
the date hereof, which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effect on the financial 
position or profitability of CRH and/or the Group.

--- Page 127 ---
126
TAXATION
IRISH TAXATION
The following is a summary of the principal Irish withholding tax consequences for individuals and 
companies of ownership of the Notes and some other miscellaneous tax matters based on the laws and 
practice of the Irish Revenue Commissioners currently in force in Ireland and may be subject to change. 
It deals with Noteholders who beneficially own their Notes and Coupons thereon as an investment and 
who are not associated with the relevant Issuer (otherwise than by virtue of holding the Notes). 
Particular rules not discussed below may apply to certain classes of taxpayers holding Notes, such as 
dealers in securities, trusts, companies grouped with or connected with, for tax purposes, CRH plc etc. 
The summary does not constitute tax or legal advice and the comments below are of a general nature 
only. Prospective investors in the Notes should consult their professional advisers on the tax 
implications of the purchase, holding, redemption or sale of the Notes and the receipt of interest thereon 
under the laws of their country of residence, citizenship or domicile.
Withholding Tax
In general, tax at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent.), is required to be withheld from 
payments of Irish source interest which should include interest payable on the Notes issued by CRH 
Finance and CRH SMW. CRH Funding B.V. should not be obliged to withhold Irish tax from payments 
of interest on Notes issued by it so long as such payments do not constitute Irish source income. 
Interest on Notes may be treated as having an Irish source if:
(a)
an Issuer is resident in Ireland for tax purposes; or
(b)
an Issuer is not resident in Ireland for tax purposes but the register for the Notes is maintained 
in Ireland or, where the Notes are in bearer form, the Notes are physically held in Ireland; or
(c)
an Issuer has a branch or permanent establishment in Ireland, the assets or income of which 
are used to fund any payment on the Notes.
An Issuer will not be obliged to make a withholding or deduction for or on account of Irish income tax 
from a payment of Irish source interest on a Note so long as the interest paid on the relevant Note falls 
within one of the following categories:
(a)
Interest paid on a quoted Eurobond: A quoted Eurobond is a security which is issued by a 
company (such as the Issuers), is listed on a recognised stock exchange and carries a right to 
interest. Provided that the Notes issued under this Programme are interest bearing and are 
listed on Euronext Dublin (or any other recognised stock exchange), interest paid on them can 
be paid free of withholding tax provided:
(i)
the person by or through whom the payment is made is not in Ireland; or
(ii)
the payment is made by or through a person in Ireland and either:
(A)
the Note is held in a clearing system recognised by the Irish Revenue 
Commissioners; (Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are, amongst 
others, so recognised); or
(B)
the person who is the beneficial owner of the quoted Eurobond and who is 
beneficially entitled to the interest is not resident in Ireland and has made a 
declaration to a relevant person (such as a paying agent located in Ireland) in 
the prescribed form.

--- Page 128 ---
127
Thus, so long as the Notes continue to be quoted on a recognised stock exchange and are held 
in a recognised clearing system, interest on the Notes can be paid by any Paying Agent acting 
on behalf of the Issuers without any withholding or deduction for or on account of Irish income 
tax. If the Notes continue to be quoted but cease to be held in a recognised clearing system, 
interest on the Notes may be paid without any withholding or deduction for or on account of Irish 
income tax provided such payment is made through a paying agent that is not in Ireland.
(b)
Short interest: Short interest is interest payable on a debt for a fixed period that is not intended 
to exceed, and, in fact, does not exceed, 364 days. The test is a commercial test applied to the 
commercial intent of each series of Notes issued under the Programme. For example, if there is 
an arrangement or understanding (whether legally binding or not) for the relevant series of 
Notes (or particular Note within a series) to have a life of 365 days or more, the interest paid on 
the relevant Note(s) will not be short interest and, unless an exemption applies, a withholding 
will arise.
(c)
Interest paid on a wholesale debt instrument: A “wholesale debt instrument” includes a 
commercial paper (as defined in Section 246A(1) of the Taxes Consolidation Act, 1997, of 
Ireland (the TCA)). In that context “commercial paper” means a debt instrument, either in 
physical or electronic form, relating to money in any currency, which is issued by a company, 
recognises an obligation to pay a stated amount, carries a right to interest or is issued at a 
discount or at a premium, and matures within 2 years. The exemption from Irish withholding tax 
applies if:
(i)
the wholesale debt instrument is held in a recognised clearing system (Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg are, amongst others, so recognised); and
(ii)
the wholesale debt instrument is of an approved denomination; and in this context an 
approved denomination means a denomination of not less than:
(A)
in the case of an instrument denominated in euro, €500,000;
(B)
in the case of an instrument denominated in U.S. dollars, U.S.$500,000; or
(C)
in the case of an instrument denominated in a currency other than euro or U.S.
dollars, the equivalent in that other currency of €500,000 using the conversion 
rate applicable at the time the programme under which the instrument is to be 
issued is first publicised).
(d)
Interest paid in the ordinary course of business to certain non-Irish resident companies: 
If, for any reason, the exemptions referred to above cease to apply, interest payments may still 
be made free of withholding tax provided that the interest is paid in the ordinary course of an 
Issuer’s business and the Noteholder is:
(I) 
a company which is (1) resident for the purposes of tax in a Relevant Territory which 
imposes a tax that generally applies to interest receivable in that Relevant Territory by 
companies from sources outside that Relevant Territory, and (2) does not receive the 
interest payment in connection with a trade or business which is carried on in Ireland by 
it through a branch or agency; or 
(2) 
a company where (1) the interest payable to it is exempted from the charge to Irish 
income tax under the terms of a double tax agreement between Ireland and another 
territory which is either in force or which will come into force once all ratification 
procedures have been completed, and (2) it does not receive the interest payment in 
connection with a trade or business which is carried on in Ireland by it through a branch 
or agency. For these purposes, a Relevant Territory is a Member State of the European

--- Page 129 ---
128
Union (other than Ireland) or a country with which Ireland has a double taxation 
agreement in force at the time of payment or that is signed at the time of payment and 
which will come into force once all ratification procedures have been completed 
(Relevant Territory).
An Issuer must be satisfied that the respective terms of the exemptions are satisfied. The test of 
residence in each case is determined by reference to the law of the Relevant Territory in which 
the Noteholder claims to be resident. For other holders of Notes, interest may be paid free of 
withholding tax if the Noteholder is resident in a double tax treaty country and under the 
provisions of the relevant treaty with Ireland such Noteholder is exempt from Irish tax on the 
interest and clearance in the prescribed form has been received by the relevant Issuer before 
the interest is paid.
Encashment Tax
In certain circumstances (such as quoted Eurobonds), Irish tax will be required to be withheld at the rate 
of 25 per cent. from interest on any Note, where such interest is collected or realised by a bank or 
encashment agent in Ireland on behalf of any Noteholder. There is an exemption from encashment tax 
where the beneficial owner of the interest is not resident in Ireland and has made a declaration to this 
effect in the prescribed form to the encashment agent or bank. In addition, an exemption applies where 
the payment is made to a company where that company is beneficially entitled to that income and is or 
will be within the charge to corporation tax in respect of that income.
Stamp Duty
Irish stamp duty will not be levied on the issue or redemption of the Notes. A transfer of Notes in bearer 
form by physical delivery only, and not otherwise, will not attract Irish stamp duty. A transfer of Notes, by 
an Issuer incorporated in Ireland, by instrument in writing or effected through an approved or recognised 
relevant system as provided for in the Companies Act, 1990 (Uncertificated Securities) Regulations, 
1996 will be subject to Irish stamp duty at a rate of 1 per cent. except where:
(a)
the Notes meet all of the following conditions:
(i)
the Notes are not convertible into shares or marketable securities (other than loan 
capital) of a company registered in Ireland or into loan capital having such a right;
(ii)
the Notes are not issued at a discount of more than 10 per cent. of the nominal value;
(iii)
the Notes do not carry rights akin to share rights, including rights such as voting rights, 
entitlement to a share or profits or a share in the surplus on liquidation of the relevant 
Issuer; and
(iv)
the Notes do not carry a right to a payment linked to certain movements in an index or 
indices (based wholly or partly and directly or indirectly on stocks or marketable 
securities) specified in any document relating to the Notes,
OR
(b)
the Notes meet all of the following conditions:
(i)
the Notes are issued by a company which is not registered in Ireland; and
(ii)
the instrument of conveyance or transfer of the Notes does not relate to any 
immoveable property in Ireland or any stocks or marketable securities of a company 
registered in Ireland (other than of a company which is an investment undertaking or a 
securitisation company).

--- Page 130 ---
129
DUTCH TAXATION
Introduction
The following summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all Netherlands tax 
considerations that could be relevant for holders of the Notes. This summary is intended as general 
information only. Each prospective holder should consult a professional tax adviser with respect to the 
tax consequences of an investment in the Notes. This summary is based on Netherlands tax legislation 
and published case law in force as of the date of this document. It does not take into account any 
developments or amendments thereof after that date, whether or not such developments or 
amendments have retroactive effect.
For the purpose of this summary, “the Netherlands” shall mean the part of the Kingdom of the 
Netherlands that is in Europe.
Assumptions
For the purpose of this summary it is assumed that:
(i)
each transaction with respect to Notes is at arm’s length; and
(ii)
that none of CRH Finance, CRH SMW or the Guarantor are considered residents of The 
Netherlands for Netherlands tax purposes.
Scope
Regardless of whether or not a holder of Notes is, or is treated as being, a resident of the Netherlands, 
with the exception of the section on withholding tax below, this summary does not address the 
Netherlands tax consequences for such a holder:
(i)
having a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) in an Issuer (such a substantial interest is 
generally present if an equity stake of at least 5 per cent., or a right to acquire such a stake, is 
held, in each case by reference to the Issuer’s total issued share capital, or the issued capital of 
a certain class of shares);
(ii)
who is a private individual and may be taxed in box 1 for the purposes of Netherlands income 
tax (inkomstenbelasting) as an entrepreneur (ondernemer) having an enterprise (onderneming) 
to which the Notes are attributable, or who may otherwise be taxed in box 1 with respect to 
benefits derived from the Notes;
(iii)
which is a corporate entity and a taxpayer for the purposes of Netherlands corporate income tax 
(vennootschapsbelasting), having a participation (deelneming) in an Issuer (such a participation 
is generally present in the case of an interest of at least 5 per cent. of the Issuer’s nominal paid-
in capital);
(iv)
which 
is 
a 
corporate 
entity 
and 
an 
exempt 
investment 
institution 
(vrijgestelde 
beleggingsinstelling) or investment institution (beleggingsinstelling) for the purposes of 
Netherlands corporate income tax, a pension fund, or otherwise not a taxpayer or exempt for 
tax purposes;
(v)
which is a corporate entity and a resident of Aruba, Curaçao or Sint Maarten having an 
enterprise which is, in whole or in part, carried on through a permanent establishment (vaste 
inrichting) or a permanent representative (vaste vertegenwoordiger) in Bonaire, Sint Eustatius 
or Saba, to which the Notes are attributable; or

--- Page 131 ---
130
(vi)
which is not considered the beneficial owner (uiteindelijk gerechtigde) of the Notes and/or the 
benefits derived from the Notes.
This summary does not describe the Netherlands tax consequences for a person to whom the Notes 
are attributed on the basis of the separated private assets provisions (afgezonderd particulier 
vermogen) in the Netherlands Tax Act 2001 (Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001) and/or the Netherlands Gift 
and Inheritance Tax Act 1956 (Successiewet 1956).
The below withholding tax summary does not address the Netherlands tax consequences for a holder 
which is an entity that is affiliated (gelieerd) to CRH Funding B.V. within the meaning of the Withholding 
Tax Act 2021 (Wet Bronbelasting 2021). 
Withholding tax
All payments made by CRH Finance, CRH SMW or the Guarantor under the Notes may be made free of 
withholding or deduction for any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by 
the Netherlands or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein.
All payments made by CRH Funding B.V. under the Notes may be made free of withholding or 
deduction for any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by the Netherlands 
or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, provided that the Notes do not in fact 
function as equity of CRH Funding B.V. within the meaning of art. 10, paragraph 1, letter d, the 
Netherlands Corporate Income Tax Act (Wet op de vennootschapsbelasting 1969).
Income tax
Resident holders: A holder who is a private individual and a resident, or treated as being a resident of 
the Netherlands for the purposes of Netherlands income tax, must record the Notes as assets that are 
held in box 3. Taxable income with regard to the Notes is then determined on the basis of a deemed 
return on the holder’s yield basis (rendementsgrondslag) at the beginning of the calendar year insofar 
the yield basis exceeds a €57,000 threshold (heffingvrij vermogen), rather than on the basis of income 
actually received or gains actually realised. Such yield basis is determined as the fair market value of 
certain qualifying savings and investments held by the holder of the Notes, and the fair market value of 
certain qualifying liabilities at the beginning of the calendar year. The deemed return (rendement) is 
determined on separate deemed return percentages for savings, other investments and liabilities. For 
the calendar year 2024, the deemed return percentage applicable to the second category mentioned 
above (i.e. other investments, including the Notes or Coupons) is 6.04 per cent. for the calendar year 
2024. Subject to certain anti-abuse provisions, the product of an amount equal to (a) the total deemed 
return (rendement) divided by the yield basis (rendementsgrondslag) and (b) the yield basis 
(rendementsgrondslag) minus the threshold (heffingvrij vermogen), forms the individual's taxable 
income from savings and investments. The taxable income from savings and investments so computed 
is taxed at the prevailing statutory rate of 36 per cent. However, on 6 June 2024, the Dutch Supreme 
Court ruled that levying tax in this manner violates the prohibition of discrimination in Article 14 of the 
European Convention on Human Rights and the protection of the right to property in Article 1 of the First 
Protocol to that convention in cases where, in brief, the deemed return (fictief rendement) as described 
above exceeds the actual return (werkelijk rendement). Holders of Notes that are taxed in this manner 
with respect to their Notes are therefore recommended to consult a professional tax adviser.
Non-resident holders: A holder who is a private individual and neither a resident, nor treated as being a 
resident of the Netherlands for the purposes of Netherlands income tax, will not be subject to such tax in 
respect of benefits derived from the Notes unless such holder is entitled to a share in the profits of an 
enterprise or a co-entitlement to the net worth of an enterprise which is effectively managed in the 
Netherlands, to which enterprise the Notes are attributable.

--- Page 132 ---
131
Corporate income tax
Resident holders: A holder which is a corporate entity and for the purposes of Netherlands corporate 
income tax a resident (or treated as being a resident) of the Netherlands, is taxed in respect of benefits 
derived from the Notes at rates of up to 25.8 per cent.
Non-resident holders: A holder which is a corporate entity and for the purposes of Netherlands 
corporate income tax neither a resident, nor treated as being a resident, of the Netherlands, will not be 
subject to corporate income tax, unless such holder has an interest in an enterprise that is, in whole or 
in part, carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in the 
Netherlands, a Netherlands Enterprise (Nederlandse onderneming), to which Netherlands Enterprise 
the Notes are attributable, or such holder is (other than by way of securities) entitled to a share in the 
profits of an enterprise or a co-entitlement to the net worth of an enterprise, which is effectively 
managed in the Netherlands and to which enterprise the Notes are attributable. Such holder is taxed in 
respect of benefits derived from the Notes at rates of up to 25.8 per cent.
Gift and inheritance tax
Resident holders: Netherlands gift tax or inheritance tax (schenk- of erfbelasting) will arise in respect of 
an acquisition (or deemed acquisition) of Notes by way of a gift by, or on the death of, a holder of Notes 
who is a resident, or treated as being a resident, of the Netherlands for the purposes of Netherlands gift 
and inheritance tax.
Non-resident holders: No Netherlands gift tax or inheritance tax will arise in respect of an acquisition (or 
deemed acquisition) of Notes by way of a gift by, or on the death of, a holder of Notes who is neither a 
resident, nor treated as being a resident, of the Netherlands for the purposes of Netherlands gift and 
inheritance tax.
Other taxes
No Netherlands value added tax (omzetbelasting) will arise in respect of any payment in consideration 
for the issue of Notes, with respect to any cash settlement of Notes or with respect to the delivery of 
Notes. Furthermore, no Netherlands registration tax, capital tax, transfer tax or stamp duty (nor any 
other similar tax or duty) will be payable in connection with the issue or acquisition of the Notes.
Residency
A holder will not become a resident, or a deemed resident of the Netherlands for Dutch tax purposes by 
reason only of holding the Notes.
FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE ACT
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, 
a foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments 
it makes (foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or 
related requirements. A number of jurisdictions (including Ireland and the Netherlands) have entered 
into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement 
FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Certain aspects of 
the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Notes, including whether 
withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, such 
withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations 
defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes that have a 
fixed term and are not treated as equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes that are issued on or prior 
to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru

--- Page 133 ---
132
payments” are published in the U.S. Federal Register generally would be “grandfathered” for purposes 
of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution of 
the issuer). However, if additional notes (as described under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes -
Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration 
of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may 
treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject 
to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules 
may apply to their investment in Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to 
FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on Notes, no person will be required to pay additional 
amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 134 ---
133
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated programme agreement (as modified and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Programme Agreement) dated 14 August 2024, 
agreed with the Issuers and the Guarantor a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to 
time agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of 
the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”. In the Programme Agreement, each Issuer (failing 
which, the Guarantor) has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection 
with the establishment and any future update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the 
Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection 
therewith.
United States
The Notes and the Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, or the 
securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and Notes may not be offered or 
sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act.
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted 
by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. The 
applicable Final Terms will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA
is not applicable.
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their 
distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes 
of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act. Each Dealer 
has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a 
confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have 
the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act.
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such 
Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance 
with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act.
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to 
any retail investor in the EEA.  For the purposes of this provision:
(a)
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 135 ---
134
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, MiFID II); or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and
(b)
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the EEA, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public 
in that Member State, except that it may, make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member 
State:
(a)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation;
(b)
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the relevant Issuer for any such offer; or
(c)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the relevant Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.
For the purposes of this provision:

the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in any Member State 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes; and

the expression Prospectus Regulation when used herein means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.
United Kingdom
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to 
any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision:
(a)
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 136 ---
135
(i)
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA); or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and
(b)
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the UK, except that it may, make an offer of such Notes to 
the public in the UK:
(a)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation;
(b)
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of 
the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the relevant Issuer for any such offer; or
(c)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Section 86 of the FSMA,
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the relevant Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation.
For the purposes of this provision:

the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Notes; and

the expression UK Prospectus Regulation when used herein means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.
Other regulatory restrictions
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that:
(a)
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not 
offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of

--- Page 137 ---
136
their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the 
Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the relevant 
Issuer;
(b)
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the relevant 
Issuer or the Guarantor; and
(c)
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK.
Japan
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act 
of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it 
has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in 
Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 
of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-
offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit, of, a resident of Japan, except 
pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the 
FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.
Ireland
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that:
(a)
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place the Notes, otherwise than in conformity with the 
provisions of the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as 
amended) (the MiFID II Regulations), including, without limitation, Regulation 5 (Requirement 
for Authorisation (and certain provisions concerning MTFs and OTFs)) thereof, any codes of 
conduct made under the MiFID II Regulations and the provisions of the Investor Compensation 
Act 1998 (as amended);
(b)
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, the Notes, otherwise than in conformity with the 
provisions of the Companies Act 2014 (as amended, the Companies Act), the Central Bank 
Acts 1942 – 2018 (as amended) and any codes of practice made under Section 117(1) of the 
Central Bank Act 1989 (as amended);
(c)
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, or do anything in Ireland with respect to the Notes 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation, the European 
Union (Prospectus) Regulations 2019 and any rules issued by the Central Bank under Section 
1363 of the Companies Act; 
(d)
it will not underwrite the issue of, place or otherwise act in Ireland in respect of the Notes, 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No 
596/2014 (as amended), the European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 2016 (as amended) 
and any rules and guidance issued by the Central Bank under Section 1370 of the Companies 
Act; and

--- Page 138 ---
137
(e)
in respect of any Notes that have a maturity of less than one year, it shall ensure that the Notes 
are issued in accordance with an exemption granted by the Central Bank under Section 8(2) of 
the Central Bank Act 1971 (as amended).
The Netherlands
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer 
of Notes to the public in the Netherlands in reliance on Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation unless 
(i) such offer was or is made exclusively to persons or entities which are qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation or (ii) each Note offered in The Netherlands has a minimum denomination of 
€100,000 (or the equivalent thereof in non-Euro currency) and subject to compliance with the relevant 
requirements under Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014.
Pursuant to The Netherlands Savings Certificates Act (Wet inzake spaarbewijzen or the Savings 
Certificates Act) of 21 May 1985, any transfer or acceptance of Notes which falls within the definition of 
savings certificates (spaarbewijzen) in the Savings Certificates Act is prohibited unless the transfer and 
acceptance is done, directly or indirectly, within, from or into the Netherlands through the mediation of 
either CRH Funding B.V. or a member of Euronext Amsterdam N.V. with due observance of the 
provisions of the Savings Certificates Act and its implementing regulations (which include registration 
requirements). The aforesaid prohibition does not apply (i) to a transfer and acceptance by natural 
persons not acting in the course of their business or profession, (ii) to the issue of Notes qualifying as 
savings certificates to the first holders thereof and (iii) to the issue and trading of Notes qualifying as 
savings certificates, if such Notes are physically issued outside The Netherlands and are not distributed 
within The Netherlands in the course of primary trading or immediately thereafter.
Hong Kong
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that:
(a)
it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, in Hong Kong, by means of any document, 
any Notes other than (i) to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong) (the SFO) and any rules made under the SFO, or (ii) in 
other circumstances which do not result in the document being a “prospectus” as defined in the 
Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the 
C(WUMP)O) or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the 
C(WUMP)O; and
(b)
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in 
its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any 
advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents 
of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do 
so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are 
intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or “professional investors” as 
defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO.
The PRC
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that the Notes will not be offered or sold and may not be offered or 
sold, directly or indirectly, in the PRC, except as permitted by any applicable laws or regulations of the 
PRC.

--- Page 139 ---
138
Singapore
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and 
Accredited Investors only” as “Applicable”, each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not 
been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the MAS). Accordingly, each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be 
made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or 
cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not 
circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or 
material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, 
whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as 
defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as amended or modified 
from time to time (the SFA)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA or (ii) to an accredited investor (as 
defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 
275 of the SFA.
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and 
Accredited Investors only” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not 
been registered as a prospectus with the MAS. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it 
has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject 
of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or 
distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, 
or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in 
Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to 
Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to 
Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance 
with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance 
with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.
Belgium
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as 
"Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering 
of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the 
meaning of Article I.1, 2o of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a 
Belgian Consumer) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not 
offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any 
prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the 
Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer.
Switzerland
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree that this Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or 
solicitation to purchase or invest in the Notes and, unless otherwise provided for in any offering 
document relating to the Notes, the Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in 
Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (FinSA) and no application has or 
will be made to admit the Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) 
in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the

--- Page 140 ---
139
Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other 
offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made 
publicly available in Switzerland, unless otherwise provided for in any offering document relating to the 
Notes.
General
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
agree that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses 
or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for 
the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and 
none of the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Trustee nor any of the other Dealers shall have any 
responsibility therefor.
None of the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Trustee and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time 
lawfully be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, 
or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such 
sale.

--- Page 141 ---
140
GENERAL INFORMATION
Authorisation
The update of the Programme has been duly authorised: 
(a)
by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Guarantor passed on 31 July 2024, including the 
giving of the Guarantee and by a resolution of a sub-committee of the Board of Directors of the 
Guarantor passed on 31 July 2024; 
(b)
by a resolution of the Board of Directors of CRH Finance passed on 7 August 2024; 
(c)
by a written resolution of the Managing Board of CRH Funding B.V. passed on 8 August 2024
and by a written resolution of the sole shareholder of CRH Funding B.V. passed on 8 August 
2024; and
(d)
by a resolution of the Board of Directors of CRH SMW passed on 7 August 2024.
Listing of Notes
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank as competent authority under the 
Prospectus Regulation. Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes issued under the 
Programme within 12 months of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and trading on 
the Market. The Market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II.
Arthur Cox Listings Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the relevant Issuer 
in relation to the Notes and is not itself seeking admission to the Official List of Euronext Dublin or to 
trading on the Market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.
An application may be made to the SIX Swiss Exchange for Swiss Notes issued under the Programme 
to be listed in accordance with the Standard for Bonds on the SIX Swiss Exchange.
Documents Available
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following 
documents will be available on the website of the Issuers (https://www.crh.com/investors/debt-investors/
):
(a)
the Articles of Association or Constitution of each of the Issuers and the Guarantor;
(b)
the Trust Deed and the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes in definitive form, the Coupons and 
the Talons;
(c)
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and
(d)
any future offering circulars, base prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements and 
Final Terms to this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by 
reference.
Final Terms relating to Notes which are neither admitted to trading on (i) a regulated market in the EEA 
or (ii) a UK regulated market as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA, nor offered in (i) the EEA or (ii) the UK in circumstances where a prospectus 
is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation or the FSMA, as the case may be, will only 
be available for inspection by holders of such Notes or may be provided by email and such holder must 
produce evidence satisfactory to the relevant Issuer and the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of 
Notes and identity.

--- Page 142 ---
141
Clearing Systems
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and SIX SIS 
AG (which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code, ISIN, 
CUSIP and Swiss Security Number (as appropriate) for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and SIS (as appropriate) will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the 
Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system, the appropriate information will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms.
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and 
the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg. The address of SIS is SIX SIS Ltd, Baslerstrasse 100, CH-4601 Olten, Switzerland.
Conditions for determining price
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the relevant 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions.
Significant or Material Adverse Change
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of the Group since 30 
June 2024. There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Group since 31 
December 2023.
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of CRH Funding B.V. 
since 31 December 2023. There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of CRH 
Funding B.V. since 31 December 2023.
Auditors
The auditors of the Guarantor are Deloitte Ireland LLP, authorised by the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants in Ireland and regulated by both the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Ireland and the 
Irish Auditing and Accounting Supervisory Authority, who have audited (i) the Guarantor’s consolidated 
annual financial statements, prepared in accordance with IFRS, without qualification, for the financial 
year ended on 31 December 2022 and (ii) the Guarantor’s consolidated annual financial statements, 
prepared in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, without 
qualification, for the financial year ended on 31 December 2023.
The auditors of CRH Funding B.V. are Deloitte Accountants B.V., which is a member of the Netherlands 
Institute of Chartered Accountants (Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants) and is 
authorised and regulated by the Dutch Authority for Financial Markets (Autoriteit Financiele Markten), 
who have audited CRH Funding B.V.'s financial statements, prepared in accordance with IFRS and  
Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code, without qualification, for the financial years ended on 31 
December 2022 and 31 December 2023.
Post-issuance information
The Issuers do not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issues of Notes.
Dealers transacting with the Issuers and the Guarantor
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to, the Issuers, the 
Guarantor and their respective affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and 
their respective affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the 
Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into

--- Page 143 ---
142
hedging strategies on behalf of any Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective affiliates, investor 
clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading 
activities. They have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees and commissions for these 
transactions.
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their respective affiliates 
may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related 
derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the 
accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or 
instruments of the Issuers, the Guarantor or their respective affiliates. The Dealers and/or their affiliates 
may receive allocations of any Notes issued under the Programme (subject to customary closing 
conditions), which could affect future trading of such Notes. Certain of the Dealers or their respective 
affiliates that have a lending relationship with an Issuer or the Guarantor routinely hedge their credit 
exposure to such Issuer or the Guarantor consistent with their customary risk management policies. 
Typically, such Dealers and their respective affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into 
transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short 
positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions 
could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and 
their respective affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 144 ---
143
ISSUERS
CRH Finance DAC
CRH Funding B.V.
42 Fitzwilliam Square
De Klencke 10
Dublin 2
1083 HL
D02 R279
Amsterdam
Ireland
The Netherlands
CRH SMW Finance DAC
42 Fitzwilliam Square
Dublin 2
D02 R279
Ireland
GUARANTOR
CRH plc
42 Fitzwilliam Square
Dublin 2
D02 R279
Ireland
TRUSTEE
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited
21 Moorfields
London EC2Y 9DB
United Kingdom
ISSUING AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT
(for all Notes except Swiss Notes)
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch
21 Moorfields
London EC2Y 9DB
United Kingdom
PRINCIPAL SWISS PAYING AGENT
(for Swiss Notes)
UBS AG
Bahnhofstrasse 45
8001 Zurich
Switzerland
LEGAL ADVISERS
To the Issuers and the Guarantor as to English law
To the Issuers and the Guarantor as to Irish law
Linklaters LLP
Arthur Cox LLP
One Silk Street
Ten Earlsfort Terrace
London EC2V 8HQ
Dublin 2
United Kingdom
Ireland

--- Page 145 ---
144
To the Issuers and the Guarantor as to Dutch Law
Linklaters LLP
Zuidplein 180
1077 XV Amsterdam
The Netherlands
To the Dealers and the Trustee as to English law
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling LLP
One Bishops Square
London E1 6AD
United Kingdom
AUDITORS
To the Guarantor
Deloitte Ireland LLP
Deloitte & Touche House 
Earlsfort Terrace
Dublin 2
Ireland
To CRH Funding B.V.
Deloitte Accountants B.V.
Gustav Mahlerlaan 2970
1081 LA Amsterdam
P.O. Box 58110
1040 HC Amsterdam
The Netherlands
DEALERS
Banco Santander, S.A.
Bank of China (Europe) S.A.
Ciudad Grupo Santander
55 Boulevard Royal
Avda. de Cantabria s/n
2449 – Luxembourg
28660 Boadilla del Monte
Madrid
Luxembourg
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC
One Molesworth Street
Dublin 2 
D02 RF29
Ireland
Barclays Bank PLC
1 Churchill Place
London E14 5HP
United Kingdom
BNP Paribas
BofA Securities Europe SA
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France
51 rue La Boétie
75008 Paris
France
Citigroup Global Markets Limited
Danske Bank A/S
Citigroup Centre
Bernstorffsgade 40
Canada Square
DK-1577 Copenhagen V
Canary Wharf
Denmark
London E14 5LB
United Kingdom
HSBC Continental Europe
ING Bank N.V.
38, avenue Kléber
Foppingadreef 7
75116 Paris
1102 BD Amsterdam
France
The Netherlands

--- Page 146 ---
145
J.P. Morgan SE
J.P. Morgan Securities plc
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm)
25 Bank Street
60310 Frankfurt am Main
Canary Wharf
Germany
London E14 5JP 
United Kingdom
KBC Bank NV
Merrill Lynch International
Havenlaan 2
2 King Edward Street
B-1080 Brussels
London EC1A 1HQ
Belgium
United Kingdom
Mizuho International plc
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH
30 Old Bailey
Taunustor 1
London EC4M 7AU
60310 Frankfurt am Main
United Kingdom
Germany 
NatWest Markets N.V.
NatWest Markets Plc
Claude Debussylaan 94
250 Bishopsgate
1082 MD, Amsterdam
London EC2M 4AA
Netherlands
United Kingdom
SMBC Nikko Capital Markets Limited
Société Générale
100 Liverpool Street
29 boulevard Haussmann
London EC2M 2AT
75009 Paris
United Kingdom
France
Standard Chartered Bank
The Toronto-Dominion Bank
One Basinghall Avenue
60 Threadneedle Street
London EC2V 5DD
London EC2R 8AP
United Kingdom
United Kingdom
UBS AG London Branch
UBS Europe SE
5 Broadgate
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4 
London EC2M 2QS
60306 Frankfurt am Main
United Kingdom
Germany
UniCredit Bank GmbH
Wells Fargo Securities Europe S.A.
Arabellastrasse 12
1-5 rue Paul Cezanne
81925 Munich
75008 Paris
Germany
France
Wells Fargo Securities International Limited
33 King William Street
London EC4R 9AT
United Kingdom
IRISH LISTING AGENT
Arthur Cox Listings Services Limited
Ten Earlsfort Terrace
Dublin 2
Ireland