--- Page 1 ---
- i - 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
CRITERIA CAIXA, S.A., SOCIEDAD UNIPERSONAL  
(incorporated with limited liability in the Kingdom of Spain) 
EUR 2,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
___________________________________ 
Criteria Caixa, S.A., Sociedad Unipersonal (the “Issuer”) has established a EUR2,000,000,000 Euro Medium 
Term Note programme (the “Programme”). Under the Programme, the Issuer may, subject to compliance with 
all relevant laws and regulations, from time to time issue notes (the “Notes”). This document (the “Base 
Prospectus”) has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”), as 
competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “EU Prospectus Regulation”). Such approval relates 
only to Notes issued under the Programme within twelve months after the date hereof. The Central Bank only 
approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the Central Bank should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Application will be made to the Central Bank for Notes issued under the Programme within twelve months after 
the date hereof to be admitted to the official list (the “Official List”) and to trading on the regulated market of the 
Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”). The regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments.   
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has been rated BBB+ (stable outlook) as long-term debt issuer and 
F1 as short-term debt issuer by Fitch Ratings Ireland Spanish Branch, Sucursal en España (“Fitch”) and Baa2 
(positive outlook) as long-term debt issuer by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH (“Moody’s”). Fitch and Moody’s are 
established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, on credit rating agencies (the “EU 
CRA Regulation”). The ratings Fitch and Moody’s have given to the Issuer are endorsed respectively by Fitch 
Ratings Ltd and Moody’s Investors Service Ltd, which are established in the UK and registered under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”). 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect 
the abilities of the Issuer to fulfil its respective obligations under the Notes are discussed under “Risk Factors” 
below. 
Arranger 
MORGAN STANLEY 
Dealers 
Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities 
CaixaBank 
Citigroup 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Deutsche Bank 
Goldman Sachs Bank 
Europe SE 
HSBC 
IMI- Intesa Sanpaolo  
ING 
J.P. Morgan  
Mediobanca  
Morgan Stanley  
Natixis  
Santander Corporate & 
Investment Banking 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment 
Banking 
UniCredit 
11 July 2023

--- Page 2 ---
- 2 - 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
Criteria Caixa, S.A., Sociedad Unipersonal accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and any Final Terms and declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its 
import.  
Final Terms/Drawdown Prospectus 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under “Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes” (the “Conditions”) as completed by a document specific to such Tranche called final terms (the 
“Final Terms”) or in a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (the “Drawdown Prospectus”) as described 
under “Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses” below. Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed 
on Euronext Dublin will be published on the website of the Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/). 
All references herein to “Final Terms” shall, unless the context requires otherwise, be deemed to be references to 
the relevant Drawdown Prospectus (as applicable). 
Other relevant information 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any information 
incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, must 
be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject 
of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in 
the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified 
in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers named under “Subscription and Sale” below that this Base Prospectus 
contains all information which is (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale of the Notes) 
material; that such information is true and accurate in all material respects and is not misleading in any material 
respect; that any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed herein are honestly held or made and are not 
misleading in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does not omit to state any material fact necessary to 
make such information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering 
and sale of the Notes) not misleading in any material respect; and that all proper enquiries have been made to 
verify the foregoing. 
The Issuer confirms that any information from third party sources has been accurately reproduced and that, so far 
as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by such third party source, no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Unauthorised information 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any 
information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given or made, such 
information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any Dealer. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Base 
Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the accuracy 
or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any responsibility for the acts or omissions 
of the Issuer or any other person (other than the relevant Dealer) in connection with the issue and offering of the 
Notes. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any 
Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is 
true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse 
change, in the prospects or financial or trading position of the Issuer since the date thereof or, if later, the date 
upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied 
or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same.

--- Page 3 ---
- 3 - 
 
 
Restrictions on distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes in 
certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such 
restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution 
of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Notes, see “Subscription and 
Sale”. 
In particular, the Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 
(as amended) (the “Securities Act”) or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction 
of the United States, and Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes may not be 
offered, sold or (in the case of Notes in bearer form) delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S). 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase 
any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any of them that any 
recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient 
of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the 
condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
Product Governance under Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “EU MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product 
Governance Rules.  
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “EU MiFID II Product Governance” which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should 
take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “EU MiFID II”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
Product Governance under UK MiFIR 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR product 
governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
“UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of 
such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes 
are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 4 ---
- 4 - 
 
 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.  
EU Benchmarks Regulation 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates. 
Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended 
(the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the Final Terms 
will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. The registration status of any administrator 
under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the 
Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
Programme limit 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding under the Programme will not exceed EUR 
2,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be translated into EUR 
2,000,000,000 at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in accordance with the provisions of 
the Dealer Agreement). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be outstanding under the 
Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer 
Agreement as defined under “Subscription and Sale”.  
Certain definitions 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a “Member State” are references to a Member 
State of the European Economic Area, references to “EUR” or “euro” are to the currency introduced at the start 
of the third stage of European economic and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation 
(EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures 
shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain 
tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
In this Base Prospectus, Criteria Caixa, S.A., Sociedad Unipersonal is referred to as the “Issuer”, “Criteria” and 
“CriteriaCaixa”. The Issuer together with its subsidiaries is referred to as the “CriteriaCaixa Group” or the 
“Group”.  
Language 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited 
in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable 
law. 
Credit Ratings 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such 
rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described above or the rating(s) assigned to Notes already 
issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued or 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or by a

--- Page 5 ---
- 5 - 
 
 
credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency 
which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. In general, European 
regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA 
which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a 
rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but 
is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (3) 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms may over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the 
Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily 
occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the 
terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must 
end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days 
after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment 
must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any 
Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.  
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
The financial information included in this Base Prospectus, in addition to the conventional financial performance 
measures established by IFRS-EU, contains certain alternative performance measures (“APMs”) that include 
Gross Asset Value (“GAV”), Gross Debt, Cash and Cash Equivalents, Net Debt, Net Asset Value (“NAV”), Net 
Loan to Value (“Net LTV”), Gross Loan to Value (“Gross LTV”), Interest Coverage Ratio (“ICR”) and that are 
presented for purposes of providing investors with a better understanding of Criteria’s financial performance, cash 
flows or financial position as they are used by Criteria when managing its business.  
Such measures have not been prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU, have been extracted or derived from the 
accounting records or other management systems of the Group, have not been audited and should not be considered 
as a substitute for those required by IFRS-EU and may not be comparable to similarly titled APMs of other 
companies.  
Investors should carefully consider the financial statements incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. For 
an explanation and reconciliation of these APMs, see section entitled “Alternative Performance Measures” on 
pages 34 to 43 of the 2022 consolidated management report to the Issuer’s audited consolidated financial 
statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 (the “2022 Consolidated Management Report”), pages 28 to 
37 of the 2022 Standalone Management Report, pages 33 to 41 of the 2021 Consolidated Management Report and 
pages 26 to 34 of the 2021 Standalone Management Report.

--- Page 6 ---
- 6 - 
 
 
CONTENTS 
 
 
 
Page 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES ............................................................................................................................ 2 
OVERVIEW ................................................................................................................................................ 7 
RISK FACTORS ....................................................................................................................................... 11 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .......................................................................... 29 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES ........................................................................ 30 
FORMS OF THE NOTES ......................................................................................................................... 31 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 35 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ....................................................................................................................... 68 
USE OF PROCEEDS................................................................................................................................. 81 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ............... 82 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ............................................................................................................ 84 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 109 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 115 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 119

--- Page 7 ---
- 7 - 
 
 
OVERVIEW 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the 
remainder of this Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, 
the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form 
other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which event, in the case of listed Notes only and 
if appropriate, a new Prospectus will be published. 
Words and expressions defined in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below or elsewhere in this Prospectus 
have the same meanings in this overview. 
The Issuer: 
Criteria Caixa, S.A., Sociedad Unipersonal 
Arranger: 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Dealers: 
Banco Santander, S.A., Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, 
BofA Securities Europe SA, CaixaBank, S.A., Citigroup Global 
Markets Europe AG, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, Goldman Sachs Bank 
Europe SE, HSBC Continental Europe, ING Bank N.V., Intesa 
Sanpaolo S.p.A., J.P. Morgan SE, Mediobanca – Banca di Credito 
Finanziario S.p.A., Morgan Stanley Europe SE, Natixis, Société 
Générale and UniCredit Bank AG, and any other Dealers appointed 
in accordance with the Dealer Agreement 
Fiscal Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see “Subscription and 
Sale”) including the following restrictions applicable at the date of 
this Prospectus. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will constitute deposits 
for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained 
in section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
“FSMA”) unless they are issued to a limited class of professional 
investors and have a denomination of at least £100,000 or its 
equivalent, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
Programme Size:  
Up to EUR 2,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Dealer Agreement) outstanding at any 
time. The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in 
accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement. 
Issuance in Series:  
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or more 
Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each Series 
will all be subject to identical terms, except that the issue date and 
the amount of the first payment of interest may be different in respect 
of different Tranches. The Notes of each Tranche will also be subject 
to identical terms in all respects save that a Tranche may comprise 
Notes of different denominations. 
Distribution:  
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and 
in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis.

--- Page 8 ---
- 8 - 
 
 
Currencies:  
Notes may be denominated in any currency or currencies agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to any applicable 
legal or regulatory restrictions. 
Maturities:  
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum 
maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. 
Issue Price:  
Notes may be issued at an issue price which is at par or at a discount 
to, or premium over, par. 
Interest:  
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if 
any) may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate or a combination 
thereof and the method of calculating interest may vary between the 
issue date and the maturity date of the relevant Series. 
Fixed Rate Notes:  
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on redemption and 
will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes:  
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as supplemented, amended and updated as at the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant 
Series (as specified in the relevant Final Terms)) as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. or the latest version of ISDA 2021 Interest 
Rate Derivatives Definitions, including each Matrix (as 
defined therein) (and any successor thereto), as specified in 
the relevant final terms, each as published by ISDA (or any 
successor) on its website (http://www.isda.org), on the date 
of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of such Series; or 
 
(b) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed 
screen page of a commercial quotation service. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating 
Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as 
agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be 
payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on 
the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Zero Coupon Notes:  
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Redemption:  
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than 
for taxation reasons or following an Event of Default) or that such 
Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or the

--- Page 9 ---
- 9 - 
 
 
Noteholders upon giving notice to the Noteholders or the Issuer, as 
the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such stated 
maturity and at a price or prices and on such other terms as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year are subject to 
restrictions 
on 
their 
denomination 
and 
distribution, 
see 
“Subscription and Sale―Other UK regulatory restrictions”. 
Denomination of Notes:  
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed 
or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant 
Specified Currency, see “Subscription and Sale―Other UK 
regulatory restrictions”, and save that the minimum denomination of 
each Note admitted to trading on a regulated market within the 
European Economic Area or offered to the public either in a Member 
State of the European Economic Area or in the United Kingdom in 
circumstances which would otherwise require the publication of a 
prospectus under either the EU Prospectus Regulation or the UK 
Prospectus Regulation will be EUR100,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than Euro, the equivalent amount in 
such currency). 
Taxation:  
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction 
for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by any Tax 
Jurisdiction as provided in Condition 11 (Taxation). In the event that 
any such deduction is made, the Issuer will, save in certain limited 
circumstances provided in Condition 11 (Taxation), be required to 
pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. 
Negative Pledge:  
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision as 
further described in Condition 5 (Negative Pledge). 
Cross Default:  
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross default provision as 
further described in Condition 12(c) (Cross-default of Issuer or 
Relevant Subsidiary). 
Listing and admission to trading: 
Applications have been made for Notes to be admitted during the 
period of twelve months after the date hereof to listing on the official 
list and to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series.  
 
The applicable Final Terms will state on which stock exchanges 
and/or markets the relevant Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to 
trading. Notes that are neither listed nor admitted to trading may not 
be issued. 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2, and TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not 
applicable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Status: 
The Notes are senior, unsubordinated, unconditional and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer. 
Form: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form.  
Credit Rating: 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has been rated BBB+ 
(stable outlook) as long-term debt issuer and F1 as short-term debt

--- Page 10 ---
- 10 - 
 
 
issuer by Fitch and Baa2 (positive outlook) as long-term debt issuer 
by Moody’s.  
 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a 
rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA but which is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established 
in the EEA but which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. 
Similarly, in general, UK regulated investors are restricted from 
using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK but which is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation 
or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK 
but which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes (except for the provisions of Condition 4 (Status), and any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them, 
which are governed by Spanish law), the Fiscal Agency Agreement, 
the Deed of Covenant and the Dealer Agreement, and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection therewith, will 
be governed by English law. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Selling Restrictions: 
See “Subscription and Sale”. 
Risk Factors: 
Investing in the Notes involves certain risks. See “Risk Factors”. 
Use of proceeds: 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be used for financing 
general corporate needs of the Issuer. If, in respect of any particular 
issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be 
stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 11 ---
- 11 - 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks. Prior to investing in the Notes, prospective investors 
should carefully consider risk factors associated with any investment in the Notes, the business of the Issuer and 
the industry in which it operates together with all other information contained in this Base Prospectus, including, 
in particular the risk factors described below. Words and expressions defined in the “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes” below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. 
Prospective investors should note that the risks relating to the Issuer, the industry in which it operates and the 
Notes summarised in the section of this Base Prospectus headed “Overview” are the risks that the Issuer believes 
to be the most essential to an assessment by a prospective investor of whether to consider an investment in the 
Notes. However, as the risks which the Issuer faces relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may 
not occur in the future, prospective investors should consider not only the information on the key risks summarised 
in the section of this Base Prospectus headed “Overview” but also, among other things, the risks and uncertainties 
described below. 
The following is not an exhaustive list or explanation of all risks which investors may face when making an 
investment in the Notes and should be used as guidance only. Additional risks and uncertainties relating to the 
Issuer that are not currently known to the Issuer, or that either currently deems immaterial, may individually or 
cumulatively also have a material adverse effect on the business, prospects, results of operations and/or financial 
position of the Issuer and, if any such risk should occur, the price of the Notes may decline and investors could 
lose all or part of their investment. Investors should consider carefully whether an investment in the Notes is 
suitable for them in light of the information in this Base Prospectus and their personal circumstances. 
(I) 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
1. 
Strategic Risks (risks associated with the achievement of corporate targets) 
CriteriaCaixa is an investment holding company focused on managing the wealth of its sole shareholder, 
Fundación Bancaria Caixa d’Estalvis i Pensions de Barcelona, “la Caixa” (““la Caixa” Foundation” or ““la 
Caixa””). It has a dual mission: (i) to provide, through dividend distributions, the resources needed by “la Caixa” 
to develop and implement its welfare projects and (ii) to manage and intend to increase the wealth of “la Caixa” 
Foundation. In order to carry out this dual mission, Criteria is dependent on the successful implementation of its 
business strategy. 
Strategy implementation risks 
CriteriaCaixa’s ability to implement its strategy depends on a number of factors, including the skills of its 
management team in identifying and executing investment and divestment opportunities and its ability to exercise 
influence over its investees through board representation or exercising its rights in their respective annual general 
meetings. 
Criteria’s revenues are derived from the return on its investments, through receiving dividend payments, proceeds 
from divestments or rental income from its real estate portfolio. If Criteria’s management team were to fail to 
identify attractive investments or divestments, this could adversely affect its revenues and financial position. Even 
if Criteria were able to identify such investment or divestment opportunities, the successful execution of such 
transactions may be impacted by factors beyond Criteria’s control, such as competing investors or adverse market 
conditions. 
Furthermore, the fact that CriteriaCaixa has an equity interest or board representation in certain investees may 
prevent it from seizing investment opportunities that may arise in companies in the same industry or that are related 
parties. The impediments to investment may be triggered, among other factors, by applicable competition 
legislation or by any relations with current or potential partners that limit CriteriaCaixa’s investment in other 
entities.  
Part of CriteriaCaixa’s strategy is based on the intended exercise of influence over investees through board 
representation. For example, as at 31 December 2022, CriteriaCaixa’s investments in the listed companies 
CaixaBank, S.A. (“CaixaBank”), Naturgy Energy Group, S.A. (“Naturgy”), The Bank of East Asia Ltd (“BEA”) 
and Grupo Financiero Inbursa, S.A.B. de C.V. (“Inbursa”), where CriteriaCaixa is represented on their respective 
Boards of Directors, accounted for 68% of CriteriaCaixa’s GAV. The acquisition of significant shareholdings in 
such listed companies by third parties (including any takeover offer made by such third party to acquire shares of 
CriteriaCaixa’s investees) or the issuance of ordinary shares by these companies (where CriteriaCaixa’s interest

--- Page 12 ---
- 12 - 
 
 
could be diluted) could result in a loss or a decrease in CriteriaCaixa’s ability to exercise such influence or in the 
need to make further investments to maintain such ability, prevent CriteriaCaixa from receiving a premium for its 
shares as part of a sale of its interest in such investees or affect the liquidity of the shares of such investees. 
CriteriaCaixa may also acquire minority interests in listed companies or invest in operations led by other investors 
and where, as a result of such minority stake, CriteriaCaixa is unable to exercise significant influence. As at 31 
December 2022, 14.6% of CriteriaCaixa’s GAV corresponded to such minority interests without significant 
influence. These acquisitions or investments could still be substantial and could entail greater risks as CriteriaCaixa 
may have access to comparatively less information about these investments than if it had a significant stake, which 
could limit its ability to make informed decisions regarding the investees’ businesses. Furthermore, this may also 
limit Criteria’s ability to significantly influence, among other things, the financial and operational decisions of 
such listed or unlisted companies where it holds minority interests. 
Any of these risks could adversely affect CriteriaCaixa’s business, financial position and results of operations. 
Concentration risk 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, CriteriaCaixa has a relatively concentrated equity portfolio, due to: (i) 
concentration in certain investments; (ii) industry concentration; and (iii) concentration in a particular geographical 
market. 
Concentration in certain investments 
As at 31 December 2022, 65.6% of Criteria’s GAV corresponded to Criteria’s three main equity investments (36.1% 
corresponded to the investment in CaixaBank, 25.6% to the investment in Naturgy and 3.9% to the investment in 
Inbursa).  
As a result, any factors that adversely impact CaixaBank, Naturgy or Inbursa specifically could have a material 
adverse effect on the value of, and returns on, Criteria’s investment portfolio which, in turn, could adversely affect 
CriteriaCaixa’s business, financial position and results of operations. See “⸻Risks related to the activity of 
CriteriaCaixa’s investees”. 
Industry concentration  
CriteriaCaixa’s investments in financial investees, namely CaixaBank, Inbursa and BEA, accounted for 42.4% of 
CriteriaCaixa’s total GAV as at 31 December 2022 and 49.9% of CriteriaCaixa’s total dividends received for the 
year ended 31 December 2022. As a result, CriteriaCaixa is particularly exposed to risks affecting the financial 
sector. See “⸻Risks related to the activity of CriteriaCaixa’s investees⸻Risks associated with the activity of its 
financial investees”.  
As the financial sector is highly-regulated, CriteriaCaixa is exposed to the possibility that central banks and 
financial regulators may impose restrictions on the ability of financial institutions to distribute dividends to its 
shareholders, which, for example, occurred in the context of the Covid-19 pandemic.  
Given CriteriaCaixa’s significant investments in financial investees, any factors that adversely impact the financial 
sector specifically, including any such recommendations or restrictions imposed by central banks or regulators, 
could adversely affect the value of, and returns on, Criteria’s investment portfolio, which, in turn, could adversely 
affect CriteriaCaixa’s business, financial position and results of operations.  
At the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no restrictions imposed on CriteriaCaixa’s financial investees in 
terms of dividend distributions.  
In addition, as at 31 December 2022, 25.6% of Criteria’s GAV corresponded to Criteria’s investment in Naturgy. 
Given CriteriaCaixa’s significant investment in Naturgy, any factors that adversely impact the energy sector 
specifically (see “⸻Risks related to the activity of CriteriaCaixa’s investees⸻Risks associated with the activity 
of its non-financial investees”), could adversely affect the value of, and returns on, Criteria’s investment portfolio, 
which, in turn, could adversely affect CriteriaCaixa’s business, financial position and results of operations.  
Concentration in a particular geographical market 
During the year ended 31 December 2022, 84.07% of the revenues of the CriteriaCaixa Group were obtained from 
companies which headquarters are located in Spain. While certain of Criteria’s significant Spanish investees, such

--- Page 13 ---
- 13 - 
 
 
as Naturgy, Cellnex Telecom, S.A. (“Cellnex”) or Telefónica, S.A. (“Telefónica”), are multinational companies 
which generate revenues across a number of jurisdictions, Spain continues to be one of their largest markets. As a 
result, any factors that adversely impact the Spanish economy specifically could have a material adverse effect on 
the value of, and returns on, Criteria’s investment portfolio which, in turn, could adversely affect CriteriaCaixa’s 
business, financial position and results of operations. See “⸻Risks related to the economy”. 
Operational risks: Risks arising from the purchase and sale of equity investments 
Although CriteriaCaixa carefully analyses available information before making an investment decision and tries 
to obtain the usual contractual protections against the risks of each significant investment, it cannot give any 
assurance that the available information will reveal all of the risks associated with the investment or that it will be 
possible to carry out detailed valuations or obtain appropriate contractual protection against such risks, especially 
in the case of investments in unlisted securities. Due diligence cannot guarantee the success of transactions that 
depend on a variety of factors, many of which are beyond CriteriaCaixa’s control. 
Furthermore, the acquisition of significant shareholdings in listed or unlisted companies may require 
administrative consents or authorisations that may not be obtained or may be obtained only under conditions that 
prevent the acquisition or make it unattractive. 
CriteriaCaixa may be obliged to give representations and warranties in favour of third parties in relation to the sale 
of some of its equity investments. If such representations and warranties were found to be incorrect, the buyer of 
the assets could commence legal proceedings against CriteriaCaixa.  
Any of the above factors could adversely affect CriteriaCaixa’s business, financial position and results of 
operations. 
2. 
Risks related to the economy 
As Criteria’s revenues are derived from the return on its investments, either through receiving dividend payments 
or proceeds from divestments, it is exposed to risks related to the economy. 
Risks arising from unfavourable global economic conditions 
Criteria is indirectly exposed to the economic conditions in which its investees operate and any downturn in the 
economy which affects its investees could therefore affect Criteria’s profitability as a result of a decrease in the 
value of CriteriaCaixa’s interests in such investees or lower levels of dividend payouts. 
According to the latest International Monetary Fund projections (source: World Economic Outlook April 2023), 
global growth is expected to fall to 2.8% in 2023 from 3.4% in 2022 but settle to 3.0% in 2024. In addition, Spain’s 
unemployment rate rose to 13.26% in the first quarter of 2023 from 12.87% in the previous three-month period 
(source: Instituto Nacional de Estadística de España). While, in the first quarter of 2023, gross domestic product 
(“GDP”) in Spain increased by 0.5% when compared with the previous quarter (source: Instituto Nacional de 
Estadística de España), there can be no assurance that such growth in GDP will materialise or that the 
unemployment rate does not increase further.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there is a higher than usual degree of uncertainty in the current economic 
context, mainly due to the heightened geopolitical tensions following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, which have 
exacerbated inflationary pressures and volatility in commodity and financial markets. This has resulted in inflation 
rates higher than those seen for several decades, tightening monetary policies and a further slowdown in global 
economic growth.  
Following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine that started on 24 February 2022, economies around the world, including 
the United States, the European Union and the United Kingdom, announced the imposition of comprehensive trade 
sanctions targeting Russian individuals, companies and institutions. Such sanctions, as well as the countersanctions 
imposed by Russia, have resulted in a significant reduction in trading volumes between these economies and 
Russia, which has led increased commodity prices on global markets for oil, natural gas and wheat, among other 
products.  
The current economic context is likely to continue to have an adverse effect on business and consumer confidence 
and the global economy generally. There is a risk that lower business activity and an energy-fuelled inflation shock 
could result in higher unemployment rates and lower global economic growth. In addition, as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the European Central Bank (“ECB”) has raised its inflation projections and cut its growth outlook

--- Page 14 ---
- 14 - 
 
 
as the conflict in Ukraine is likely to keep commodity prices high, weakening households’ purchasing power and 
firms’ ability to invest. The ECB also decided to raise the three key ECB interest rates by 25 basis points in June 
2023 and has indicated that its future decisions will ensure that the policy rates will be brought to levels sufficiently 
restrictive to achieve a timely return of inflation to the 2% medium-term target. 
In the current uncertain economic environment, a further risk is that regulatory authorities and governments may 
enforce tightening monetary policies which are not sufficiently strong to meet specified inflation rates or ranges 
within a specified time frame, which in turn may have long-term economic costs and reduce the credibility of 
central banks. Alternatively, given the generally long and variable lags in the transmission of monetary policy to 
the economy, tightening monetary policies may be excessive and consequently lead to a sharper-than-expected 
slowdown. An additional risk which may arise from Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, as well as the geopolitical 
tensions and sanctions related to the conflict, is that further energy and food prices shocks may result in inflation 
remaining high and above target for an extended period.  
In addition, the recent turmoil in the banking sector has reinforced a tightening of financial conditions and 
heightened uncertainty in financial markets globally following the collapse of Silicon Valley Bank as well as the 
forced sale of Credit Suisse to UBS in March 2023. Concerns about the stability of certain banks or the global 
financial system could lead to a worsening of credit conditions and negatively affect businesses and consumers.  
As such, any of these factors as well as the unpredictable outcome, scale and duration of the conflict could result 
in CriteriaCaixa’s financial investees distributing lower levels of dividends or no dividends to CriteriaCaixa or in 
a decrease in the value of CriteriaCaixa’s interest in such investees. 
Any prolonged economic downturn, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic (particularly in China), Russia’s 
invasion of Ukraine and related geopolitical tensions or otherwise, negatively affects, among other things, business 
and consumer confidence, economic activity levels, unemployment trends, availability of financing (which, in turn, 
leads to a deterioration in credit and financing conditions) and a downward trend in asset values.  
Any of these factors could adversely affect CriteriaCaixa’s business, financial position and results of operations.  
3. 
Risks related to the activity of CriteriaCaixa’s investees 
As an investment holding company, Criteria’s revenues are derived from the return on its investments, either 
through receiving dividend payments or proceeds from divestments. As such Criteria is exposed to risks related to 
the activity of its investees. If any such risks were to materialise, this could result in such investees distributing 
lower levels of dividends or no dividends to CriteriaCaixa or in a decrease in the value of CriteriaCaixa’s interest 
in such investees, which, in turn, could adversely affect CriteriaCaixa’s business, financial position and results of 
operations. 
CriteriaCaixa is indirectly subject to the risks associated with the business sectors in which its investees operate. 
The degree of CriteriaCaixa’s exposure depends on the relative weight of the relevant investee in CriteriaCaixa’s 
total investments and results.  
Risks associated with the activity of its financial investees 
CriteriaCaixa is indirectly subject to the risks associated with the activity of its financial investees, as it holds 
stakes as at the date of this Base Prospectus of 32.2%, 9.1% and 19.09% in CaixaBank, Inbursa and BEA 
respectively, which as of 31 December 2022 accounted for 42.4% of CriteriaCaixa’s GAV.  
For example, the most significant risk item on the balance sheet of CriteriaCaixa’s financial investees is credit risk, 
which arises from changes in the credit quality of, and the recoverability of loans and amounts due from, clients 
and counterparties and which is inherent in a wide range of such financial investees’ business activities. Criteria’s 
financial investees may therefore experience losses in the event of a total or partial non-compliance by their clients 
and counterparties of their credit obligations. Moreover, non-compliance by clients and counterparties of  
CriteriaCaixa’s financial investees may increase in the context of climbing interest rates. 
CriteriaCaixa’s financial investees are also subject to interest rate risk in their banking book which depends on the 
level of its net interest income, which is the difference between interest income from loans and other interest-
earning assets and interest expense paid to its depositors and other creditors on interest-bearing liabilities. Interest 
rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond the control of CriteriaCaixa’s financial investees, including fiscal 
and monetary policies of governments and central banks and regulation of the financial sectors in the markets in 
which they operate, as well as domestic and international economic and political conditions and other factors.

--- Page 15 ---
- 15 - 
 
 
The business activity of Criteria’s financial investees also requires them to assume market risk, such as fluctuations 
in interest rates and exchange rates or in the price of commodities or equity instruments. Any failure by Criteria’s 
financial investees to prudently manage, or effectively hedge against, such exposures could adversely affect their 
results of operations. 
Additionally, CriteriaCaixa’s financial investees are exposed to the real estate market, due to real estate assets 
securing significant parts of such financial investees’ outstanding loans. Declines in property prices decrease the 
value of the real estate collateral securing such mortgage loans and adversely affect the credit quality of property 
developers to whom such financial investees have lent. Therefore, any defaults by borrowers in the property 
construction or development sector, as well as any downturn in the real estate market, could have a material adverse 
effect on the business, financial position and results of operations of such financial investees.  
CriteriaCaixa’s financial investees are also subject to liquidity risk. The main source of liquidity of such financial 
investees is their customer deposit base, as well as ongoing access to wholesale lending markets. Although 
CriteriaCaixa’s financial investees place significant emphasis on liquidity risk management and focus on 
maintaining a buffer in liquid assets, they are exposed to the general risk of liquidity shortfalls (such as if depositors 
withdraw their funds at a rate faster than the rate at which borrowers repay their loans or in the event of a sudden 
or unexpected shortage of funds in the banking systems or money markets in which CriteriaCaixa’s financial 
investees operate or a loss of confidence). 
As CriteriaCaixa’s main financial investees are involved in the insurance business, they are also subject to the 
actuarial and insurance business risk which is the risk of increase in the value of commitments assumed through 
insurance contracts with customers and employee pension plans due to the differences between the claims 
estimates and actual performances. Management of this risk depends on actuarial management policies relating to 
underwriting, pricing, reserving, and usage of risk transfer mechanisms such as reinsurance. Nevertheless, this risk 
is mainly out of the control of CriteriaCaixa’s financial investees. 
CriteriaCaixa’s financial investees are also exposed to the risk of losses arising from inadequate or failed internal 
processes, infrastructure, personnel and internal systems or from unforeseen external events beyond the control of 
such financial investees or due to third parties, both accidentally and fraudulently. This includes errors in the 
management of suppliers, model risk, the custody of securities or their information technology (“IT”) 
infrastructure and processes. Despite the risk management measures put in place by such financial investees, there 
can be no assurance that they will not suffer material losses from operational risk in the future. 
Lastly, the markets in which CriteriaCaixa’s financial investees operate are highly competitive. CriteriaCaixa’s 
financial investees face competition from other financial institutions as well as from non-bank competitors and 
from shadow banking entities that operate outside the regulated banking system, including companies operating 
in the “fintech” sector or in the cryptocurrency space. If CriteriaCaixa’s financial investees are unable to provide 
competitive product and service offerings, they may fail to attract new customers and/or retain existing customers, 
experience decreases in their interest, fee and commission income, and/or lose market share, the occurrence of any 
of which could have a material adverse effect on their business, financial position and results of operations. 
CriteriaCaixa’s financial investees are also exposed to certain legal and compliance risks. See “⸻Legal and 
compliance risks”. 
If any of the above risks were to materialise, this could adversely affect CriteriaCaixa’s financial investees’ results 
and financial situation, which, in turn, could result in an adverse effect on CriteriaCaixa’s business, financial 
position and results of operations. 
Risks associated with the activity of its non-financial investees 
CriteriaCaixa is also indirectly subject to the risks associated with the activity of its non-financial investees, as it 
holds stakes of 26.71%, 4.36% and 2.40% in Naturgy, Cellnex and Telefónica, respectively, among other 
investments. The investments in Criteria’s industrial portfolio accounted for 40.2% of CriteriaCaixa’s GAV as at 
31 December 2022.  
For example, Naturgy is exposed to price variations in crude oil, natural gas and electricity. A significant portion 
of Naturgy’s operating expenses relate to the purchase of natural gas and liquefied natural gas (“LNG”) for 
commercialisation in the regulated and deregulated markets in which it operates and for fuelling its combined 
cycle gas turbine plants for electricity generation. The prices of natural gas and LNG are subject to significant 
volatility, including as a result of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine.

--- Page 16 ---
- 16 - 
 
 
Furthermore, electricity prices in Spain, Naturgy’s main market, is also highly volatile due to the market share of 
renewable technologies and their dependence on climate conditions and also because of the volatility of thermal 
energy technologies that define the price of electricity in Spain since it is the marginal technology required to 
cover electricity demand. 
In addition, the operations of Criteria’s non-financial investees are also subject to certain inherent risks. For 
example, in the case of Naturgy, these operating risks include pipeline ruptures, breakdowns affecting its electricity 
generation assets and LNG tankers, explosions, pollution, release of toxic substances, fires, adverse weather 
conditions, failure by gas and fuel suppliers or other third parties to fulfil contractual obligations, sabotage, 
accidental damage to its gas distribution network or electricity generation assets and other hazards and force 
majeure events.  
Naturgy is also exposed to risks associated with variations in currency exchange rates, particularly in Latin 
America where it generates a significant part of its revenues, as well as variations in commodity prices. Variations 
in exchange rates can affect, among other things, the value of earnings and borrowings denominated in currencies 
other than the euro and operations that generate non-euro revenue, as well as the exchange value of commodity 
purchases denominated in currencies other than the euro. 
In the case of Cellnex, its business depends on the demand for the services that it provides and a substantial portion 
of its revenue is derived from a small number of major customers, and as a result, it is dependent on the financial 
situation of such customers. The telecom infrastructure services segment of Cellnex is highly dependent on the 
demand for its telecom and broadcast wireless infrastructures by a small number of telecom operators and a 
decrease in such demand (including through industry consolidation of such operators) may adversely affect the 
business of Cellnex. Within the broadcasting infrastructure segment of Cellnex, demand for communication 
services and equipment depends on the coverage needs from its customers (TV channels and radio stations), which, 
in turn, depend on the demand for TV and radio broadcast by their customers. Likewise, for the other network 
services segment of Cellnex, demand for connectivity, public protection and disaster relief networks, operation 
and maintenance, smart city and Internet of Things services depends on the demand from a small number of public 
administrations as well as entities operating in the private and public sectors and optic fibre services. Any factor 
adversely affecting the demand for such services, some of which are beyond the control of Cellnex, could 
materially adversely affect the business and results of operations of Cellnex. 
Furthermore, the development and commercialisation of new technologies designed to improve and enhance the 
range and effectiveness of wireless telecom networks, either by Cellnex itself or its competitors, could significantly 
decrease demand for the existing infrastructure of Cellnex. For example, the broadcasting infrastructure segment’s 
business is threatened due to substitute new technologies such as cable TV, satellite TV or over-the-top (OTT) 
broadcasting services. In the telecom infrastructure services segment, Cellnex cannot anticipate the evolution of 
its complementary segments (such as 5G, “Small Cells” or distributed antenna system (DAS)), which may become 
dominant technologies in the future and render the current technologies and infrastructure of Cellnex obsolete. 
Telefónica operates in highly competitive markets and it is possible that it may not be able to market its products 
and services effectively or respond successfully to the different commercial actions carried out by its competitors, 
causing it to not meet its growth and customer retention plans, thereby jeopardising its future revenues and 
profitability. 
Furthermore, the reinforcement of competitors, the entry of new competitors (either new players or providers of 
OTT services), or the merger of operators in certain markets, (for example, market consolidation in the United 
Kingdom following a potential merger of mobile operators Vodafone UK and Three UK), may affect Telefónica’s 
competitive position, negatively affecting the evolution of its revenues and market share or increasing its costs. In 
addition, changes in competitive dynamics in the different markets in which the Telefónica Group operates, such 
as in Chile, Colombia, Peru, Mexico and Argentina, where there are aggressive customer acquisition offers, 
including unlimited data and discounts on certain services, among others, can affect the competitive position and 
the efficiency of Telefónica's operations. 
In addition, new products and technologies are constantly emerging which could render products and services 
offered by Telefónica, as well as its technology, obsolete. In addition, the explosion of the digital market and the 
entrance of new players in the communications market, such as mobile network virtual operators (“MNVOs”), 
internet companies, technology companies or device manufacturers, could result in a loss of value for certain of 
Telefónica's assets, affect the generation of revenues, or otherwise cause Telefónica to have to update its business 
model. In this respect, revenues from traditional voice businesses are shrinking, while new sources of revenues are

--- Page 17 ---
- 17 - 
 
 
increasingly derived from connectivity and digital services, such as video, Internet of Things (IoT), cybersecurity, 
big data and cloud services.  
One of the technologies currently being developed by telecommunications operators, including Telefónica (in 
Spain and Latin America), is the new FTTx type networks which allow the offering of broadband accesses over 
fibre optics with high performance. However, the deployment of such networks, in which the copper of the access 
loop is totally or partially replaced by fibre, requires high levels of investment. As of 31 December 2022, in Spain, 
fibre coverage reached 28.0 million premises (Source: Telefonica’s EMTN Base Prospectus dated 11 April 2023). 
There is a growing demand for the services that these new networks can offer to the end customer. However, the 
high levels of investment required by these networks result in the need to continuously consider the expected return 
on investment, and no assurance can be given that these investments will be profitable. In addition, the ability of 
Telefónica’s IT systems (operational and backup) to adequately support and evolve to respond to Telefónica’s 
operating requirements is a key factor to consider in the commercial development, customer satisfaction and 
business efficiency of Telefónica. While automation and other digital processes may lead to significant cost 
savings and efficiency gains, there are also significant risks associated with such transformation processes. 
CriteriaCaixa’s non-financial investees are also exposed to certain legal and compliance risks. See “⸻Legal and 
compliance risks”. 
If any of the above risks were to materialise, this could adversely affect CriteriaCaixa’s non-financial investees’ 
results and financial situation, which, in turn, could result in an adverse effect on CriteriaCaixa’s business, financial 
position and results of operations. 
Legal and compliance risks  
Certain of CriteriaCaixa’s investees operate in highly-regulated industries and, as such, are required to comply 
with a wide range of laws and regulations and are also exposed to potential litigation or regulatory investigations.  
For example, the financial services industry in which Criteria’s financial investees are operating is among the most 
highly regulated industries in the world. In response to the global financial crisis, governments, regulatory and 
supervisory authorities and others have made and continue to make proposals to reform the regulatory framework 
for the financial services industry to enhance its resilience against future crises. CriteriaCaixa’s financial investees’ 
operations are subject to ongoing regulation and associated regulatory risks, including the effects of changes in 
laws, regulations, policies and interpretations, in Spain, the EU and the other markets in which they operate.  
The main regulations which most significantly affect Criteria’s financial investees are related to prudential 
supervision, bank recovery and resolution, and capital and liquidity requirements which have become increasingly 
stringent in recent years. Regulation has also considerably increased in customer and investor protection, digital 
and technological matters, taxation and anti-money laundering, among others. The specific effects of a number of 
new laws and regulations remain uncertain because the drafting and implementation of these laws and regulations 
are still ongoing and some of them have been recently adopted. As a result, Criteria’s financial investees may be 
subject to an increasing incidence or amount of liability or regulatory sanctions and may be required to make 
greater expenditures and devote additional resources to address potential liability.  
With regard to Criteria’s non-financial investees, Naturgy is required to comply with a wide variety of legal rules 
and regulations applying to the natural gas and electricity sectors. In particular, gas and electricity distribution are 
regulated businesses in most of the countries in which Naturgy carries out these activities. In addition, Naturgy is 
subject to laws and regulations concerning prices, environmental requirements and other aspects of its activities in 
each of the countries in which it operates. The laws and regulations governing the natural gas and electricity sectors 
in the countries where Naturgy operates are typically subject to periodic review and may be modified, and such 
modifications may be significant in certain instances.  
Criteria’s investees, and particularly Naturgy and CaixaBank, are subject to changes in the legal and regulatory 
framework related to environmental and climate change concerns in the countries in which they operate. Given 
the continued and increased attention to climate change and the global drive towards low-carbon economies and 
energy sources, Criteria’s investees’ businesses could be impacted by the implementation of new legal and 
regulatory measures (including taxes) aimed at mitigating the effects of climate change, resulting in increased 
compliance costs and operational restrictions for Criteria’s investees. In addition, there can be no assurance that 
Criteria’s investees will be able to adapt their business models and strategies successfully to any such changes to 
the legal and regulatory framework applicable to them.

--- Page 18 ---
- 18 - 
 
 
Any material lapse in standards of integrity, compliance or operating efficiency may represent a potential 
reputational risk for Criteria’s investees. Stakeholder expectations constantly evolve and reputational risk varies 
between geographical regions, groups and individuals. Reputational risk could also arise from negative public 
opinion about the actual, or perceived, manner in which Criteria’s investees (including their employees, clients 
and other associations) conduct their business activities, or Criteria’s investees’ financial performance. Modern 
technologies, in particular online social media channels and other broadcast tools that facilitate communication 
with large audiences in short time frames and with minimal costs, may significantly enhance and accelerate the 
distribution and effect of damaging information and allegations. Negative public opinion may result in significant 
loss of revenue for Criteria’s investees or could materially adversely affect their businesses. 
In addition, given the highly-regulated nature of some of the sectors in which Criteria’s non-financial investees 
operate, some of the activities of its investees are subject to obtaining relevant concessions, licences or other 
administrative authorisations, which can be time-consuming and costly. For example, the licenses and assigned 
frequency usage rights that Cellnex uses for services such as connectivity have a finite maturity. Cellnex could be 
unable to renew or obtain its licenses and frequency usage rights necessary for its business upon expiration of their 
terms or it may have to make significant investments to maintain its licenses, either of which could have a material 
adverse effect on its business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Operating 
without the necessary concessions, licences or authorisations can result in a sanction. The return on, and 
performance of, the assets and businesses of such investees in regulated jurisdictions are therefore conditional on 
obtaining and maintaining the relevant administrative concessions and authorisations in the medium and long term, 
which, in many cases, is outside of the control of Criteria’s non-financial investees. 
Any legislative or regulatory actions and any required changes to the business operations of Criteria’s investees 
resulting from such legislation and regulations, as well as any deficiencies in such investees’ compliance with such 
legislation and regulation, could result in significant loss of revenue, limit the ability of the investees to pursue 
business opportunities in which they might otherwise consider engaging, affect the value of assets that they hold, 
require them to increase its prices and therefore potentially reduce demand for their products, impose additional 
compliance and other costs on them or could otherwise materially adversely affect their businesses. Moreover, as 
a response to rising consumer prices, certain governments could consider introducing temporary taxes (“windfall 
taxes”) on companies and/or financial institutions that are deemed to have made unreasonably high profits due to 
unusually favourable market factors (such as global commodity prices or interest rates hikes). This could result in 
a reduction of Criteria’s investees’ profits available for distribution and, consequently, have an adverse effect on 
CriteriaCaixa’s business, financial position and results of operations. 
In addition, Criteria’s investees are involved in a number of judicial, arbitration and regulatory proceedings 
(including in relation to tax matters). Given the size and nature of some of such investees’ businesses, the amounts 
involved in such proceedings can be significant. An adverse outcome in one or more of those proceedings 
(including out-of-court settlements), or any future proceedings, could result in such investees suffering significant 
costs. 
If any of the above risks were to materialise, this could adversely affect CriteriaCaixa’s investees’ results and 
financial situation, which, in turn, could result in an adverse effect on CriteriaCaixa’s business, financial position 
and results of operations. 
Risks associated with “windfall taxes” 
Given CriteriaCaixa’s significant investment in Naturgy and CaixaBank, any factors that adversely impact the 
energy and financial sectors specifically (see “⸻Risks related to the activity of CriteriaCaixa’s investees⸻Risk 
associated with the activity of its financial investees” and “⸻Risks related to the activity of CriteriaCaixa’s 
investees⸻Risks associated with the activity of its non-financial investees”), could adversely affect the value of, 
and returns on, Criteria’s investment portfolio, which, in turn, could adversely affect CriteriaCaixa’s business, 
financial position and results of operations.  
The energy and financial industries, and Naturgy’s and CaixaBank’s activities, are heavily and increasingly 
regulated. Any changes that may be made to the applicable standards or their interpretation or any disputes relating 
to their compliance may adversely affect the business, results and financial position of Naturgy and CaixaBank.  
Moreover, as a response to the current economic outlook, the European Union has defined the general framework 
for an extraordinary and temporary tax on the profits of oil and gas companies (the so-called “windfall taxes”), 
leaving some margin for member states to define and approve their own levies (equivalent measures). Furthermore, 
in December 2022, the Spanish Parliament approved Law 38/2022, of December 27, which, among other measures,

--- Page 19 ---
- 19 - 
 
 
created a temporary levy on energy and credit institutions (gravamen temporal energético and gravamen temporal 
de entidades de crédito y establecimientos financieros de crédito) that certain operators in the energy and financial 
sectors must pay on a temporary basis for two years. The energy levy will be a 1.2% on the net turnover (importe 
neto de la cifra de negocios) from activity carried out in Spain for the years 2022 and 2023 with certain adjustments, 
and the credit institutions levy will be a 4.8% charge on banks’ net interest income and net commissions. Both 
temporary levies will be paid in 2023 and 2024. At the end of 2024, an evaluation of its application will be made 
and the possibility of making it permanent will be considered. 
In addition, the energy sector, and particularly the oil and gas industry, is subject to a unique tax framework. It is 
common to see specific taxes on profit and production and on product consumption.  
Criteria’s investees cannot predict changes to such laws or regulations or their interpretation, or the implementation 
of certain policies or taxes. Any such changes could have an adverse impact on the business, financial position and 
results of operations of Criteria’s investees, and particularly Naturgy and CaixaBank, which, in turn, could result 
in an adverse effect on CriteriaCaixa’s business, financial position and results of operations. 
Risks related to the Spanish withholding tax regime in Notes  
CriteriaCaixa considers that, pursuant to the provisions of the Royal Decree 1065/2007, it is not obliged to withhold 
taxes in Spain on any interest paid on the Notes to any Noteholder, irrespective of whether such Noteholder is tax 
resident in Spain. The foregoing is subject to the Fiscal Agent complying with certain information procedures 
described in “Information about the Notes in Connection with Payments” below. The Issuer and the Fiscal Agent, 
as applicable, will, to the extent possible, comply with the relevant procedures to facilitate the collection of 
information concerning the Notes. The procedures may be modified, amended or supplemented to, among other 
reasons, reflect a change in applicable Spanish law, regulation, ruling or interpretation thereof. 
Under Royal Decree 1065/2007, in order for CriteriaCaixa to make payments free from Spanish withholding tax, 
it is required that the securities: (i) are regarded as listed debt securities issued under Law 10/2014; and (ii) are 
initially registered at a foreign clearing and settlement entity that is recognised under Spanish regulations or under 
those of another OECD member state. CriteriaCaixa expects that the Notes will meet the requirements referred to 
in (i) and (ii) above and that, consequently, payments made by CriteriaCaixa to Noteholders should be paid free 
of Spanish withholding tax, provided the Fiscal Agent complies with the procedural requirements referred to above.  
Notwithstanding the above, if despite the procedures arranged between the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent to facilitate 
the collection of information concerning the Notes, the relevant information is not received by the Issuer in a 
timely manner, the Issuer will withhold tax at the then-applicable rate (as at the date of this Base Prospectus, 19%) 
from any payment of interest made in respect of the Notes. CriteriaCaixa will not pay any additional amounts with 
respect to any such withholding.  
If the Spanish Tax Authorities maintain a different opinion as to the application by CriteriaCaixa of withholding 
to payments made to Spanish tax residents (individuals and entities subject to Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto 
sobre Sociedades)), CriteriaCaixa will be bound by the opinion and, with immediate effect, will make the 
appropriate withholding. If this is the case, identification of Noteholders may be required and the procedures, if 
any, for the collection of relevant information will be applied by the Issuer (to the extent required) so that it can 
comply with its obligations under the applicable legislation as interpreted by the Spanish Tax Authorities. If 
procedures for the collection of the Noteholders information are to apply, the Noteholders will be informed of such 
new procedures and their implications. 
Notwithstanding the above, in the case of Notes held by Spanish entities subject to Corporate Income Tax, if the 
Notes are deemed to have been placed totally or partially in Spain according to the criteria set out by the Spanish 
Directorate General of Taxes (Dirección General de Tributos) in the tax ruling dated 27 July 2004 and deposited 
with a Spanish resident entity acting as depositary or custodian, payments in respect of such Notes may be subject 
to withholding by such depositary or custodian (currently 19%) and no additional amounts will be payable by 
CriteriaCaixa in such circumstances. 
4. 
Financial risks (Risks associated with the main financial variables) 
As an investment holding company, Criteria is exposed to a range of financial risks related to its investment and 
divestment activity.

--- Page 20 ---
- 20 - 
 
 
Impairment of equity portfolio 
For Criteria, impairment of equity portfolio is the main risk in its business model, which is common in a company 
the corporate purpose of which is to hold and manage stakes. This impairment risk mainly derives from a decline 
in forecasted earnings of those companies where Criteria exercises a significant influence, adverse movements in 
market prices of equity instruments or investee insolvency.  
There can be no assurance that the estimates and assumptions about future earnings and movements in market 
prices used by Criteria will prove to be accurate and they could differ from actual earnings and prices, perhaps 
significantly. While the values are subject to continuous monitoring in order to assess whether there is any 
objective evidence of impairment, future events could cause Criteria to conclude that certain of their equity 
investments may have become impaired.  
The impairment of any investments in Criteria’s equity portfolio would require Criteria to record an impairment 
loss in its Statement of Profit or Loss, which, in turn, could adversely affect CriteriaCaixa’s business, financial 
position and results of operations. 
CriteriaCaixa conducted impairment tests as at 31 December 2022 to assess the recoverable amounts of its 
investments and to verify the accuracy of the value at which such investments are currently recognised in its 
financial statements. The analyses were conducted with public information and the complete valuation exercise 
revealed the need to transfer a total of EUR-400 million to the statement of profit or loss in 2022 corresponding to 
the Group’s stake in BEA. This impairment is largely due to the weak share price of BEA. CriteriaCaixa will wait 
to see whether the strategic decisions taken by BEA will ultimately feed through to earnings and lead to an 
improvement in both profitability and share price in the future. 
A price decline of the real estate assets may adversely affect the Group 
The Group is exposed to market fluctuations in the value of real estate assets as it owns a real estate portfolio 
which had a total GAV of EUR2,740 million as at 31 December 2022 and which corresponded to 11.1% of 
CriteriaCaixa’s total GAV. Therefore, declining property prices could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Additionally, the price at which an asset 
is valued may not be obtained in the event of sale. 
Real estate markets are cyclical in nature and are affected by the condition of the economy as a whole and there is 
a risk that the real estate market in Spain (where most of Criteria’s real estate assets are located) will be adversely 
affected by an excess supply of properties, the availability of credit, the level of interest rates and changes in laws 
and governmental regulations (both domestic and international), including those governing real estate usage, 
zoning and taxes. In addition, asset values and rental rates may also be affected by a fall in the general demand for 
rental property and reductions in tenants’ and potential tenants’ space requirements. All of these factors are outside 
of Criteria’s control, and may adversely affect the value of Criteria’s real estate portfolio or its targeted return on 
such real estate assets (through rental income or sale proceeds). 
The portfolio of real estate assets is recognised at cost less any accumulated depreciation and any accumulated 
impairment loss in the balance sheet. To ensure that the portfolio of real estate assets is properly recognised in the 
balance sheet, at year-end the Group compares the carrying amount of the portfolio with its recoverable amount. 
The Group determines fair value on the basis of valuations made by independent experts. However, the valuation 
of real estate assets is inherently uncertain and such independent experts are required to make certain assumptions 
with regard to the state of the real estate market, the condition and structure of the assets, environmental matters, 
permits and licences and other information. Such assumptions may prove to be inaccurate, particularly during 
periods of heightened uncertainty. Incorrect assumptions underlying a valuation could lead to such valuations not 
accurately reflecting the actual value of such real estate assets. Moreover, the market value of real estate assets 
could decrease for a variety of factors, such as a general decline in demand resulting from higher financing costs 
due to higher interest rates or from recessionary conditions in the wider economy, lower than expected returns, 
regulatory changes, price increases and other factors. 
Any of the above factors could adversely affect CriteriaCaixa’s business, financial position and results of 
operations.

--- Page 21 ---
- 21 - 
 
 
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk relates to the possibility of a company not being able to meet its payment obligations because it 
cannot sell a financial instrument quickly enough without incurring significant additional costs or needing 
additional finance.  
Despite the fact that Criteria actively monitors its liquidity, there can be no assurance that the lack of liquidity of 
some of Criteria’s investments may not adversely affect the Group in the future or that Criteria will be able to 
successfully mitigate such liquidity risk. 
For example, CriteriaCaixa’s investment strategy may lead it to hold significant interests in companies the liquidity 
of which may be lower than other companies with a smaller interest, independently of the chosen divestment 
procedure. This is particularly the case for stakes in unlisted companies, where any divestment is typically more 
difficult to achieve than disposing of a stake in a listed company. As at 31 December 2022, CriteriaCaixa’s 
investment in unlisted companies corresponded to 3.4% of its GAV. 
In addition, certain of Criteria’s investments could be subject to significant exit barriers. For example, the 
shareholder agreements CriteriaCaixa has entered into (and those that it may enter into in the future) with regard 
to certain investments in listed or unlisted companies or the articles of association of such companies, could also, 
to differing degrees, limit CriteriaCaixa’s ability to make certain divestments by requiring Criteria not to dispose 
of its interest for a substantial period of time or only dispose its interests to non-shareholders.  
While investments in listed companies tend to be more liquid, and while 82.6% of Criteria’s GAV corresponded 
to listed companies as at 31 December 2022, the divestments of such stakes may still be difficult. For example, 
the sale of a significant interest in a listed company to a single purchaser could require the purchaser to make a bid 
for the entire share capital of the company concerned under applicable takeover laws. A purchaser may also, 
depending on the industry and the transaction, be required to obtain (industry or competition-related) 
administrative consents or authorisations. These factors could increase the cost for the purchaser, and the time 
required to complete the transaction, or even prevent the sale (if the necessary authorisations are not obtained), 
which could limit the number of potential purchasers and adversely affect the liquidity of the investments held by 
CriteriaCaixa. 
Furthermore, placing a significant interest in a listed company in the market with several different purchasers could 
require a discount in the selling price, depending on market conditions and the characteristics of the security 
concerned, among other factors, which, in turn, would reduce Criteria’s return on such investments. 
Lastly, with regard to Criteria’s real estate portfolio, real estate assets can be illiquid for reasons including, but not 
limited to, the long term nature of leases, properties being tailored to tenants’ specific requirements and varying 
demand for real estate. Any such illiquidity may adversely affect Criteria’s ability to change the composition of 
its real estate portfolio or dispose of properties in a timely fashion and/or at satisfactory prices. 
Any of the above factors could adversely affect CriteriaCaixa’s business, financial position and results of 
operations. 
Credit risk  
Credit risk refers to the risk of incurring losses through breach of contractual payment obligations by a debtor or 
changes in the risk premium relating to the financial solvency of the debtor.  
The main credit risk affecting CriteriaCaixa relates to the investments in associates, mainly listed companies, 
which is not the same as the risk related to the market value of their shares. As of 31 December 2022, 
CriteriaCaixa’s investments in associates, using the equity method, amounted to EUR16,005 million. The risk in 
investments of this nature is associated with the performance of the business of the investee, and the possible 
insolvency thereof, since the market price of the shares is a mere indicator. In general, this risk can be classified 
as a credit risk.  
Lastly, CriteriaCaixa is also exposed to credit risk (counterparty risk) on its investment of surplus cash and on the 
balances held in current accounts. CriteriaCaixa has a policy of investing surplus cash in highly liquid financial 
products, either offered to or deposited at solvent entities. 
Any of these factors could adversely affect CriteriaCaixa’s business, financial position and results of operations.

--- Page 22 ---
- 22 - 
 
 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s indebtedness 
As of 31 December 2022, CriteriaCaixa’s consolidated non-current and current financial liabilities amounted to 
EUR4,951 million. As of 31 December 2022, CriteriaCaixa’s Gross Debt (as defined in the 2022 Consolidated 
Management Report) amounted to EUR4,922 million  and its Net LTV was 18.6%. The indebtedness incurred by 
Criteria, or that it may incur in the future, could reduce its financial flexibility and cash available to service its 
debt. If certain extraordinary or unforeseen events occur, including a breach of financial covenants, Criteria’s 
borrowings and any hedging arrangements that it may have entered into may be repayable prior to the date on 
which they are scheduled for repayment or could otherwise become subject to early termination. If CriteriaCaixa 
or any of its subsidiaries are required to repay borrowings early, they may be forced to sell assets when they would 
not otherwise choose to do so in order to make the payments and they may be subject to prepayment penalties.  
Criteria may also find it difficult or costly to refinance indebtedness as it matures, and if interest rates are higher 
when the indebtedness is refinanced, the Group’s costs could increase. In addition, a significant increase of the 
Net LTV or the Gross LTV could result in a downgrade of its ratings by the relevant rating agencies, which could 
increase Criteria’s cost of funding.  
Any of these factors could adversely affect CriteriaCaixa’s business, financial position and results of operations. 
Market risk could significantly affect the value of CriteriaCaixa 
This refers to the risk that the value of a financial instrument (including instruments such as the Notes) may 
fluctuate as a result of changes in (i) the price of the financial instruments (e.g., shares of the investment portfolio 
of the CriteriaCaixa Group), (ii) interest rates or (iii) foreign exchange rates. These possibilities could lead to, 
among other things, decreases in equity and losses arising due to changes in market prices and/or losses on the 
positions composing the investment portfolio, over the medium to long term, which could adversely affect 
CriteriaCaixa’s business, financial position and results of operations. 
Price risk 
As of 31 December 2022, 99.3% of the market value of the Group’s investments in equity instruments classified 
as associates, financial assets measured at fair value with changes in other comprehensive income and financial 
assets measured at fair value with changes in profit or loss corresponded to listed securities. As a result, 
CriteriaCaixa is exposed to the market risk generally associated with listed companies.  
The listed securities are exposed to fluctuations in price and trading volume due to factors beyond CriteriaCaixa’s 
control. Amid all the macroeconomic and geopolitical uncertainty in 2022, financial assets were subject to high 
levels of volatility and their performance was clearly negative, with both equities and sovereign bonds undergoing 
significant corrections. As a result, international stock markets reported significant losses for the year as a whole: 
20% in the United States, 15% in the Eurozone and 23% in China. In Spain, the stock market decline was less 
significant, at around 6%, largely due to the high weight of the banking sector and its performance in an 
environment of rising interest rates. More precisely, the accelerated cycle of interest rate hikes by the central banks 
fed through to the entire public debt yield curve, leading to sharp falls in the sovereign fixed income indices of the 
most solvent governments (between 10% and 15% in annual terms). 
As at 31 December 2022, CriteriaCaixa reported an increase in GAV of 3.3% compared to 31 December 2021, 
reaching EUR24,585 million. This increase was largely due to the strong performance of CaixaBank’s share price, 
which gained 52% in value compared to 2021. See also “⸻Risks related to the activity of CriteriaCaixa’s 
investees”. 
Any of these factors could adversely affect CriteriaCaixa’s business, financial position and results of operations. 
Foreign currency risk 
CriteriaCaixa is exposed to currency risk through its investments denominated in currencies other than the euro, 
which are exposed to exchange rate fluctuations.  
CriteriaCaixa’s activities, including those of its investments, are located in Spain, the rest of Europe, Asia, North 
and South America.  
The main assets of the balance sheet subject to exchange rate fluctuations as at 31 December 2022 were the shares 
of Inbursa in Mexican pesos (“MXN”) (Investments accounted for using the equity method) and the shares of BEA

--- Page 23 ---
- 23 - 
 
 
in Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”) (Investments accounted for using the equity method), which had a consolidated 
book value of EUR1,252 million and EUR2,906 million, respectively at the euro exchange rate as of 31 December 
2022. The most significant other assets in non-EUR currencies were investees in United States dollars (“USD”) 
(Financial assets measured at fair value with changes in other comprehensive income – Equity instruments) for an 
amount of EUR752 million and in British pound sterling (“GBP”) for an amount of EUR91 million, respectively, 
at the euro exchange rate as of 31 December 2022. 
Any relative decline of any non-euro currency against the euro would cause the value of any dividends received 
in such non-euro currency and the value of the shares denominated in such non-euro currency to decline, which, 
in the event such decline were significant, would adversely affect Criteria’s revenues and portfolio value. While 
CriteriaCaixa’s management regularly assesses the advisability of arranging hedges to cover its foreign exchange 
risks, there can be no assurance that Criteria will be able to arrange any such hedges on commercially reasonable 
terms or at all.  
Any of these factors could adversely affect CriteriaCaixa’s business, financial position and results of operations. 
Interest rate risk 
This relates mainly to changes in borrowing costs on debt with floating-rate interest payments and therefore relates, 
primarily, to CriteriaCaixa’s financial indebtedness. Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond 
CriteriaCaixa’s control, including fiscal and monetary policies of governments and central banks and regulation 
of the financial sectors in the markets in which it operates, as well as domestic and international economic and 
political conditions and other factors.  
The market interest rate affects financial profit since certain financial liabilities are arranged at a floating rate 
(pegged to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”)). Accordingly, there is exposure to interest rate 
changes, which could affect the interest income and interest cost of financial liabilities tied to floating interest rates. 
As of 31 December 2022, CriteriaCaixa maintained 36.3% of its financial liabilities at floating rates.  
The effects of a future change in EURIBOR based on the instruments quoted as at 31 December 2022 would have 
the following effect in CriteriaCaixa’s profit/(loss) before tax statement: 
 
Millions of euros 
 
Effects on profit/(loss) before tax 
-50 bp 
(0.58) 
+50 bp 
(0.87) 
+ 100 bp 
(8.21) 
As of 31 December 2022, the notional amount of the interest rate swaps arranged was EUR800 million. However, 
there can be no assurance that Criteria will be able to continue to maintain any such interest rate swaps on 
commercially reasonable terms or at all, which could result in increased costs of its interest rate swaps or increase 
its exposure to EURIBOR fluctuations in the event Criteria could not maintain such coverage. This could have an 
adverse effect on Criteria’s financial position. In addition, Criteria may suffer losses if the counterparty to such 
swaps defaults on its obligations. 
Any of these factors could adversely affect CriteriaCaixa’s business, financial position and results of operations. 
(II) 
RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity 
In the event that, as a result of a change in law or regulation, the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts 
payable in respect of any Notes due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or 
thereof having power to tax, and such obligation cannot be avoided by reasonable measures, the Issuer may redeem 
all outstanding Notes in accordance with the Conditions.

--- Page 24 ---
- 24 - 
 
 
In addition, if in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the Final Terms specify that the Notes are redeemable 
at the Issuer’s option in certain other circumstances and accordingly the Issuer may choose to redeem the Notes at 
times when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low. In such circumstances an investor may not be able to 
reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as that of the Notes 
and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the 
market value of the Notes. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem the Notes, the market value of 
the Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be 
true prior to any redemption period. 
There is no active trading market for the Notes 
The Notes are new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which there is currently no active trading 
market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is to be consolidated with and form a single 
series with a Tranche of Notes which is already issued). Although applications have been made to the Central 
Bank for the Notes to be admitted to the official list and to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin 
there can be no assurance that such application will be accepted, that any particular Tranche of Notes will be so 
admitted, or that an active trading market will develop or, if developed, that it will continue. Therefore, investors 
may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market 
value of Notes. If the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial 
offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic 
conditions and the financial condition of the Issuer.  
Credit Rating may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit rating to the issue of Notes. The rating may not 
reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed in this section, and 
other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is 
not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or 
(2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. Similarly, in general, UK regulated 
investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified 
under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Modifications and waivers  
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests 
generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not 
attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
Subject to and in accordance with Condition 7(k) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser) certain changes 
may be made to the interest calculation of Floating Rate Notes, without the consent of the Noteholders. 
Accordingly, there is a risk that the terms of the Notes, the Conditions or the Agency Agreement may be modified, 
waived or amended in circumstances where a Noteholder does not agree to such modification, waiver or 
amendment, which may adversely impact the rights of such Noteholder. 
Notes with integral multiples 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have a denomination consisting of the minimum Specified Denomination 
plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible that the Notes may be traded in amounts 
in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of the minimum Specified 
Denomination. Noteholders who, as a result of trading such amounts, hold a principal amount of Notes other than 
a multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination will receive definitive Notes in respect of their holding 
(provided that the aggregate amount of Notes they hold is in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination),

--- Page 25 ---
- 25 - 
 
 
however, any such definitive Notes which are printed in denominations other than the minimum Specified 
Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. Furthermore, a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such 
amounts, holds a principal amount of less than the minimum Specified Denomination may not receive a definitive 
Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount 
of Notes such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
Because the Global Notes are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, holders of the 
Notes will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer 
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Bearer Notes (the “Global Notes”) 
(as the case may be). Such Global Notes will be deposited with a common depositary or common safekeeper, as 
the case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in the relevant 
Global Note, holders of the Notes will not be entitled to receive definitive Notes. Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes. While the Notes are represented 
by one or more Global Notes, holders of the Notes will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and their participants. 
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes the Issuer will discharge its payment obligations 
under the Notes by making payments to the common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest 
in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive payments 
under the relevant Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made 
in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the relevant 
Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. Similarly, holders of beneficial interests in the Global 
Notes will not have a direct right under the Global Notes to take enforcement action against the Issuer in the event 
of a default under the relevant Notes but will have to rely upon their rights under the Deed of Covenant. 
Interest Rate Risks 
Investment in fixed rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely 
affect the value of fixed rate Notes. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor’s home currency, it will be exposed to 
movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of its holding. In addition, the imposition of 
exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those Notes 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the currency specified in the applicable Final Terms (the 
“Specified Currency”). This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial 
activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the 
Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due 
to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities 
with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the 
value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease: (1) the Investor’s Currency-
equivalent yield on the Notes; (2) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes; 
and (3) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the Notes.  
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Note. 
As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Certain benchmark rates, including EURIBOR, may be discontinued or reformed in the future 
EURIBOR and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices which are deemed to be benchmarks are the 
subject of ongoing national and international regulatory discussions and proposals for reform. Some of these 
reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, 
the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. Regulation (EU) No. 
2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal)

--- Page 26 ---
- 26 - 
 
 
Act 2018 (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”) applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input 
data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the UK. The EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material impact on any Notes linked to EURIBOR or another 
benchmark rate or index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order 
to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or UK Benchmark Regulation, and such changes 
could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility 
of the published rate or level, of the benchmark. More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals 
for reform, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of 
administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or 
requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer 
or contribute to certain “benchmarks,” trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain “benchmarks” 
or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of certain “benchmarks”. 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it 
would be part of a new working group tasked with the identification and adoption of a “risk free overnight rate” 
which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and 
contracts in the euro area. On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the 
new Euro short-term rate (“€STR”) as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. €STR was published for the first 
time on 2 October 2019. Although EURIBOR has subsequently been reformed in order to comply with the terms 
of the Benchmark Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether 
it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark. 
The elimination of EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any 
benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Conditions (as 
further described in Condition 7(k) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser), or result in adverse 
consequences to holders of any Notes linked to such benchmark (including Floating Rate Notes whose interest 
rates are linked to EURIBOR or any other such benchmark that is subject to reform). Furthermore, even prior to 
the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential 
changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark during the term of the relevant Notes, the return 
on the relevant Notes and the trading market for securities (including the Notes) based on the same benchmark. 
The Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark, 
such as EURIBOR, (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any other successor 
service)) becomes unavailable or a Benchmark Event or a Benchmark Transition Event (each as defined in the 
Conditions), as applicable, otherwise occurs. Such an event may be deemed to have occurred prior to the issue 
date for a Series of Notes. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set 
by reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate and that such successor rate or alternative reference rate may 
be adjusted (if required) in accordance with the recommendation of a relevant governmental body or in order to 
reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit 
(as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark, although the application of 
such adjustments to the Notes may not achieve this objective. Any such changes may result in the Notes performing 
differently (which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than if the original benchmark continued to apply.  
In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of 
interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. 
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last 
observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor 
rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser (as defined in the Conditions) 
in certain circumstances, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks 
imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation reforms or arising from the 
possible cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes 
linked to or referencing a benchmark.

--- Page 27 ---
- 27 - 
 
 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) as reference rates for 
Floating Rate Notes 
The use of risk-free rates - including €STR, as reference rates for Eurobonds continues to develop. This relates not 
only to the substance of the calculation and the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance 
and trading of bonds referencing such rates, but also how widely such rates and methodologies might be adopted. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly from 
that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference risk-free rates issued under this 
Programme. The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing €STR that differ materially in terms of 
interest determination when compared with any previous Notes issued by it under this Programme. The 
development of risk-free rates for the Eurobond markets could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility, 
or could otherwise affect the market price of any Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued under this Programme 
from time to time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ materially 
compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan 
markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in 
the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may 
put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing such risk-free rates. 
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in risk-free rate notes 
issued to date. No assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the compounding formula in 
the terms and conditions of the Notes, will gain widespread market acceptance. In addition, market participants 
and relevant working groups are still exploring alternative reference rates based on risk-free rates, including 
various ways to produce term versions of certain risk-free rates (which seek to measure the market’s forward 
expectation of an average of these reference rates over a designated term, as they are overnight rates) or different 
measures of such risk-free rates. If the relevant risk-free rates do not prove to be widely used in securities like the 
Notes, the trading price of such Notes linked to such risk-free rates may be lower than those of Notes referencing 
indices that are more widely used. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Notes which 
reference €STR or any related indices. 
Risk-free rates may differ from inter-bank offered rates in a number of material respects and have a limited 
history 
Risk-free rates may differ from inter-bank offered rates in a number of material respects. These include (without 
limitation) being backwards-looking, in most cases, calculated on a compounded or weighted average basis, risk-
free, overnight rates, whereas such interbank offered rates are generally expressed on the basis of a forward-
looking term, are unsecured and include a risk-element based on interbank lending. As such, investors should be 
aware that risk-free rates may behave materially differently to interbank offered rates as interest reference rates 
for the Notes.   
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited history. For that reason, future 
performance of such rates may be difficult to predict based on their limited historical performance. The level of 
such rates during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to historical levels. Prior observed patterns, 
if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to such rates such as correlations, may change in the 
future. Investors should not rely on historical performance data as an indicator of the future performance of such 
risk-free rates nor should they rely on any hypothetical data. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of being 
determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes 
which reference such risk-free rates reliably to estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such 
Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems, 
both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, in contrast to Notes linked to interbank 
offered rates, if Notes referencing backwards-looking rates become due and payable as a result of an Event of 
Default under Condition 12 (Events of Default), or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest 
Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest payable in respect of such Notes shall be determined by reference to a 
shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become due and payable or are scheduled 
for redemption.

--- Page 28 ---
- 28 - 
 
 
The administrator of €STR or any related indices may make changes that could change the value or discontinue 
€STR  
The European Central Bank (or its successors) as administrator of €STR may make methodological or other 
changes that could change the value of these risk-free rates and/or indices, including changes related to the method 
by which such risk-free rate is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate €STR, 
or timing related to the publication of €STR or any related indices. In addition, the administrator may alter, 
discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of €STR (in which case a fallback method of determining the 
interest rate on the Notes will apply). The administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders 
when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing any such risk-free rate.

--- Page 29 ---
- 29 - 
 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following information shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
1. 
English language translation of the Issuer’s audited consolidated financial statements prepared in 
accordance with IFRS-EU (including the English language translation of the independent auditor’s report 
thereon) for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 together with the Issuer’s Management Report in 
respect to the aforementioned audited consolidated financial statements (available on the Issuer’s website 
at 
https://www.criteriacaixa.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/03/CCAA_CriteriaCaixa_2022_consolidadas_ENG.pdf). 
2. 
English language translation of the Issuer’s audited consolidated financial statements prepared in 
accordance with IFRS-EU (including the English language translation of the independent auditor’s report 
thereon) for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 together with the Issuer’s Management Report in 
respect to the aforementioned audited consolidated financial statements (available on the Issuer’s website 
https://www.criteriacaixa.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/07/CCAA_Criteria_2021_consolidadas_ENG_-1.pdf). 
3. 
English language translation of the Issuer’s audited standalone financial statements as of and for the year 
ended 31 December 2022 prepared in accordance with the Spanish General Accounting Principles (Plan 
General de Contabilidad) approved by Royal Decree 1514/2007, of 16 November, as amended and/or 
restated from time to time, and its corresponding auditor report and the Management Report (available on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at 
https://www.criteriacaixa.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/03/CCAA_CriteriaCaixa_2022_individuales_ENG-1.pdf).  
4. 
English language translation of the Issuer’s audited standalone financial statements as of and for the year 
ended 31 December 2021 prepared in accordance with the Spanish General Accounting Principles (Plan 
General de Contabilidad) enacted by Royal Decree 1514/2007, of 16 November, as amended and/or 
restated from time to time, and its corresponding auditor report and the Management Report (available on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at 
https://www.criteriacaixa.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/07/CCAA_Criteria_2021_individuales_ENG_.pdf). 
Copies of the documents specified above as containing information incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus may be inspected, free of charge, at the registered office of the Issuer and have been filed with Euronext 
Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/). Any information contained in or incorporated by reference in any of the 
documents specified above which is not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is either not relevant to 
investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and, for the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically 
incorporated by reference into this base prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of 
this Base Prospectus. Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information 
contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Supplements 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved by 
the CBI in accordance with Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such 
supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable 
(whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to supersede statements contained in this Base 
Prospectus (or any earlier supplement) or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information 
included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, prepare a supplement 
to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 30 ---
- 30 - 
 
 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression “necessary information” means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the necessary 
information which is material to an investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the rights attaching to the Notes and the 
reasons for the issuance and its impact on the issuer. In relation to the different types of Notes which may be issued 
under the Programme the Issuer has included in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary information except for 
information relating to the Notes which is not known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can only be 
determined at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche of Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required in order 
to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained either in the relevant 
Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus. 
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that Tranche 
only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The terms and 
conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms are the Conditions 
described in the relevant Final Terms as supplemented to the extent described in the relevant Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each 
reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be 
read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted either (1) by a single document containing the necessary 
information relating to the Issuer and the relevant Notes or (2) by a registration document (the “Registration 
Document”) containing the necessary information relating to the Issuer, a securities note (the “Securities Note”) 
containing the necessary information relating to the relevant Notes and, if necessary, a summary note.

--- Page 31 ---
- 31 - 
 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Notes in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) will initially be in the form of either a temporary global 
note in bearer form (the “Temporary Global Note”), without interest coupons, or a permanent global note in 
bearer form (the “Permanent Global Note”), without interest coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Note (each a “Global Note”) 
which is not intended to be issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will 
be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or a common 
depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, 
Luxembourg”) and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global Note which is intended to be issued in 
NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
On 13 June 2006 the ECB announced that Notes in NGN form are in compliance with the “Standards for the use 
of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations” of the central banking system for the euro (the 
“Eurosystem”), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled. At the same time the ECB also announced that 
arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 
2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 
31 December 2006 will only be eligible as collateral for Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used. 
The relevant Final Terms will indicate whether such Bearer Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Bearer Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that 
the Bearer Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such 
recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  
 In the case of each Tranche of Bearer Notes, the relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United States 
Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the “TEFRA C Rules”) or United States Treasury Regulation 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the “TEFRA D Rules”) are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the Notes do not have a 
maturity of more than 365 days, that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable.  
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be 
exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, not earlier 
than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest payments in respect of the Notes 
cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery of a Permanent Global Note, duly 
authenticated and, in the case of a NGN, effectuated, to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case 
of any subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with 
its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) presentation and surrender of the Temporary Global Note 
to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
The principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the 
principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership provided, however, that in no 
circumstances shall the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note exceed the initial 
principal amount of Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note.

--- Page 32 ---
- 32 - 
 
 
If: 
(a) 
the Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased by 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on the seventh day after the bearer of the Temporary Global Note has requested exchange 
of an interest in the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global Note has 
occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest 
thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in accordance with the terms of 
the Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note) will become void 
at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such 
due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further rights 
thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others may have 
under a deed of covenant executed by the Issuer dated 20 July 2022 (the “Deed of Covenant”)). 
The Permanent Global Note will become exchangeable, in whole but not in part only and at the request of the 
bearer of the Permanent Global Note, for Bearer Notes in definitive form (“Definitive Notes”): 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies “in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global 
Note”, then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces 
an intention permanently to cease business; or 
(ii) 
an Event of Default as defined in Condition 12 (Events of Default) occurs and the Notes become 
due and payable. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against 
the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the 
bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note was originally issued in exchange for part only of a Temporary Global Note 
representing the Notes and such Temporary Global Note becomes void in accordance with its terms; or 
(c) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global Note has 
occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest 
thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note on 
the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 5.00 
p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the date on 
which such Temporary Global Note becomes void (in the case of (b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such 
due date ((c) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but 
without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may have under the Deed 
of Covenant).

--- Page 33 ---
- 33 - 
 
 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes” and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C Rules or 
the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which 
will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of 
the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes” and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the 
form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier 
than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the surrender of the 
Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the 
bearer has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global Note has 
occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest 
thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global Note on 
the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 5.00 
p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date 
(in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but 
without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others may have under the Deed 
of Covenant).  
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be 
exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms ; or 
(c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies “in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global 
Note”, then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces 
an intention permanently to cease business; or  
(ii) 
an Event of Default as defined in Condition 12 (Events of Default) occurs and the Notes become 
due and payable. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal

--- Page 34 ---
- 34 - 
 
 
amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against 
the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the 
bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global Note has 
occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest 
thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note on 
the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 5.00 
p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date 
((b) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without 
prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may have under the Deed of 
Covenant). 
Rights under Deed of Covenant 
Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent 
Global Note which becomes void will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have 
been entitled if, immediately before the Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note became void, they had 
been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they 
were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist of the 
terms and conditions set out under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below and the provisions of the relevant 
Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which 
would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under “Summary of Provisions Relating 
to the Notes while in Global Form” below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global form, the 
Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the following 
effect: 
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue 
Code.”

--- Page 35 ---
- 35 - 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will be 
endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. In the case of any Tranche of Notes which 
is being admitted to trading on a regulated market in a Member State, the relevant Final Terms shall not amend 
or replace any information in this Base Prospectus. Subject to this, to the extent permitted by applicable law and/or 
regulation, the Final Terms in respect of any Tranche of Notes may supplement, amend or replace any information 
in this Base Prospectus. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which 
would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under “Summary of Provisions Relating 
to the Notes while in Global Form” below. 
1. 
Introduction  
(a) 
Programme: Criteria Caixa, S.A., Sociedad Unipersonal (the “Issuer”) has established a Euro Medium 
Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) for the issuance of up to €2,000,000,000 in aggregate 
principal amount of notes (the “Notes”). 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a “Series”) and each Series 
may comprise one or more tranches (each a “Tranche”) of Notes. Each Tranche is the subject of a final 
terms (the “Final Terms”) which supplements these terms and conditions (the “Conditions”). The terms 
and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as supplemented, 
amended and/or replaced by the relevant Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between these 
Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of a fiscal agency agreement dated 11 July 2023 (as amended 
or supplemented, the “Agency Agreement”) between the Issuer and Citibank, N.A., London Branch as 
fiscal agent and paying agent (the “Fiscal Agent”, which expression includes any successor fiscal agent 
appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes), and the additional paying agents (if any) named 
therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the “Paying Agents”, which expression includes the Fiscal Agent 
in its capacity as paying agent as well as any successor or additional paying agents appointed from time 
to time in connection with the Notes).  
(d) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes which are the subject 
of the relevant Final Terms. 
(e) 
Public Deed of Issuance: If so required by Spanish law, the Issuer will execute a public deed (escritura 
pública) (the “Public Deed”) before a Spanish Notary Public in relation to the Notes. The Public Deed 
will contain, among other information, the terms and conditions of the Notes. 
(f) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement and are 
subject to its detailed provisions. The holders of the Notes (the “Noteholders”) and the holders of the 
related interest coupons, if any, (the “Couponholders” and the “Coupons”, respectively) are bound by, 
and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them. A copy 
of the Agency Agreement is available for inspection by Noteholders during normal business hours at the 
Specified Offices of each of the Paying Agents, the initial Specified Offices of which are set out below. 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
“2006 ISDA Definitions” means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of such Series) 
as published by ISDA (copies of which may be obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org);  
“2021 ISDA Definitions” means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA 
Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any successor Matrix thereto), as 
defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the date of issue of the first Tranche 
of Notes of such Series, as published by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org); 
“Accrual Yield” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 36 ---
- 36 - 
 
 
“Additional Business Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Additional Financial Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Business Day” means: 
(a) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a T2 Settlement Day and a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) Additional 
Business Centre; and 
(b) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre;  
“Business Day Convention” in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant Final 
Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation to different 
dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(a) 
“Following Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
“Modified Following Business Day Convention” or “Modified Business Day Convention” 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day 
unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding 
day that is a Business Day; 
(c) 
“Preceding Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be brought forward to 
the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(d) 
“FRN Convention”, “Floating Rate Convention” or “Eurodollar Convention” means that 
each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in 
the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, 
however, that: 
(i) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any 
such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in 
that calendar month; 
(ii) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such 
date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the 
next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business 
Day; and 
(iii) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(e) 
“No Adjustment” means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention;  
“Calculation Agent” means the Person specified in the relevant Final Terms as the party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Calculation Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Coupon Sheet” means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
“DA Selected Bond” means the government security or securities selected by the Determination Agent 
as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the Remaining Term of the Notes, that would

--- Page 37 ---
- 37 - 
 
 
be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in determining 
the redemption price of corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as the Notes and with 
a comparable remaining maturity to the Remaining Term of the Notes; 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
“Calculation Period”), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant 
Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during which 
it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) 
the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods 
in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days 
in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Regular 
Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in such Regular 
Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a 
leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iv) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(v) 
if “Actual/360” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if “30/360” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows 
Day Count Fraction =
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 38 ---
- 38 - 
 
 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30”;  
(vii) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; and 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
)
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 
will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30,

--- Page 39 ---
- 39 - 
 
 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day 
of the Calculation Period; 
“Determination Agent” means an independent adviser, investment bank or financial institution of 
recognised standing selected by the Issuer; 
“Early Redemption Amount (Tax)” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
“Early Termination Amount” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount 
as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms; 
“EURIBOR” means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a 
designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from time to time 
of the European Money Markets Institute (or any person which takes over administration of that rate); 
“Extraordinary Resolution” has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
“Final Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“First Interest Payment Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Fixed Coupon Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Gross Redemption Yield” means, with respect to a security, the gross redemption yield on such security, 
expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Determination Agent on the basis set out by the United 
Kingdom Debt Management Office in the paper “Formulae for Calculating Gilt Prices from Yields”, page 
5, Section One: Price/Yield Formulae “Conventional Gilts; Double-dated and Undated Gilts with 
Assumed (or Actual) Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date” (published on 8 June 1998 and updated on 
15 January 2002 and 16 March 2005, and as further amended, updated, supplemented or replaced from 
time to time) or, if such formula does not reflect generally accepted market practice at the time of 
redemption, a gross redemption yield calculated in accordance with generally accepted market practice at 
such time as determined by the Determination Agent; 
“Interest Amount” means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable in 
respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be specified 
as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Determination Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Payment Date” means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates specified as 
such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business 
Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(b) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN 
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of 
calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the First Interest 
Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
“Interest Period” means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date or 
any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date (or, if the Notes 
are redeemed on any earlier date, the relevant redemption date);

--- Page 40 ---
- 40 - 
 
 
“ISDA” means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any successor); 
“ISDA Definitions” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Issue Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Make Whole Redemption Price” has the meaning given in Condition 9(c) (Redemption and Purchase 
- Redemption at the option of the Issuer); 
“Margin” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Maturity Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Maximum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Minimum Rate of Interest” for any Interest Period has the meaning given in the Final Terms but shall 
never be less than zero, including any relevant margin; 
“Minimum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in Condition 9(c) 
(Redemption and Purchase - Redemption at the option of the Issuer); 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Call)” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Put)” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Date (Call)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Date (Put)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Par Redemption Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms: 
“Payment Business Day” means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a T2 Settlement Day and a day on which 
dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment 
and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality;

--- Page 41 ---
- 41 - 
 
 
“Principal Financial Centre” means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency provided, however, that: 
(a) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the European 
Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by 
the Issuer; and 
(b) 
in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland as is selected (in the 
case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Issuer; 
“Put Option Notice” means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
“Put Option Receipt” means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon deposit 
of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the 
option of the Noteholder; 
“Quotation Time” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance with 
the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms; 
“Redemption Amount” means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount, 
the Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the Change 
of Control Redemption Amount, the Early Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a 
redemption amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Redemption Margin” means the figure specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Banks” means four major banks selected by the Issuer in the market that is most closely 
connected with the Reference Rate; 
“Reference Bond” means the bond specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if not so specified or to the 
extent that such Reference Bond specified in the Final Terms is no longer outstanding on the relevant 
Reference Date, the DA Selected Bond; 
“Reference Bond Price” means, with respect to any Reference Date, (i) the arithmetic average of the 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding the highest 
and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if fewer than five such Reference 
Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received, the arithmetic average of all such quotations; 
“Reference Bond Rate” means, with respect to any Reference Date, the rate per annum equal to the 
annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) for the Remaining Term or interpolated yield for the 
Remaining Term (on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the 
Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for 
such Reference Date; 
“Reference Date” means the date falling three London Business Days prior to the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Call); 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer” means each of five banks selected by the Issuer (following, 
where practicable, consultation with the Determination Agent, if applicable), or their affiliates, which are 
(i) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (ii) market makers in pricing 
corporate bond issues; 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations” means, with respect to each Reference Government 
Bond Dealer and any Reference Date, the arithmetic average, as determined by the Determination Agent, 
of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal 
amount) at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date quoted in writing to the Determination Agent by 
such Reference Government Bond Dealer;

--- Page 42 ---
- 42 - 
 
 
“Reference Price” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Rate” means EURIBOR or €STR as specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of the 
currency and period specified in the relevant Final Terms. The term Reference Rate shall, following the 
occurrence of a Benchmark Event under Condition 7(k) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)), 
include any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and shall, if a Benchmark Event should occur subsequently 
in respect of any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, also include any further Successor Rate or 
further Alternative Rate; 
“Regular Period” means: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, 
each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the First 
Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including one Interest Payment Date 
to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the First Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid 
only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any 
year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where “Regular Date” means the day and month 
(but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(c) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest Period, 
interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where 
“Regular Date” means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date 
falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period . 
“Relevant Date” means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received by the 
Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount having been so received) 
notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders;  
“Relevant Financial Centre” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Relevant Screen Page” means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, 
or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such other 
information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the 
information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
“Relevant Time” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Remaining Term” means the term to maturity or, if a Par Redemption Date is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, to such Par Redemption Date;  
“Reserved Matter” means any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in 
respect of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on any date in respect of the 
Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes or the date for 
any such payment, to change the currency of any payment under the Notes or to change the quorum 
requirements relating to meetings or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
“Specified Currency” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Specified Denomination(s)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Specified Office” has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
“Specified Period” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 43 ---
- 43 - 
 
 
“Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in Condition 9(c) (Redemption 
and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the Issuer); 
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any Person (the “first Person”) at any particular time, any other Person 
(the “second Person”): 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, whether by 
ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the governing 
body of the second Person or otherwise; or 
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person; 
“T2” means the real-time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor system; 
“T2 Settlement Day” means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments in euro;  
“Talon” means a talon for further Coupons; and 
“Zero Coupon Note” means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders are not applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time of 
issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time 
of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any additional 
amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 11 (Taxation), any 
premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature of principal payable 
pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of interest 
which may be payable under Condition 11 (Taxation) and any other amount in the nature of 
interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being “outstanding” shall be construed in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement; 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that such expression 
is “not applicable” then such expression is not applicable to the Notes; and 
(viii) 
any reference to the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the Agency 
Agreement as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue Date of the Notes. 
3. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in bearer form in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case of a Series of Notes with more than 
one Specified Denomination, Notes of one Specified Denomination will not be exchangeable for Notes 
of another Specified Denomination. Title to the Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. The holder 
of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as its absolute owner for all 
purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any other interest 
therein, any writing thereon or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be 
liable for so treating such holder. No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any 
Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.

--- Page 44 ---
- 44 - 
 
 
4. 
Status 
The Notes constitute (subject to the provisions of Condition 5 (Negative Pledge)) direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all time rank pari passu and without 
any preference among themselves except for any applicable legal and statutory exceptions. Upon 
insolvency of the Issuer, the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes shall (except for any applicable legal 
and statutory exceptions) at all times rank at least equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer (unless they qualify as subordinated claims pursuant to article 281 of the restated 
text of the Spanish Insolvency Act, approved by Royal Legislative Decree 1/2020, of 5 May (texto 
refundido de la Ley Concursal, aprobado por el Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2020, de 5 de mayo) (as 
amended from time to time, including without limitation, by virtue of Law 16/2022, of 5 September, the 
“Insolvency Act”) or equivalent legal provisions which replace it in the future). 
In the event of insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer, under the Insolvency Act, claims relating to the Notes 
(which are not subordinated pursuant to article 281 of the Insolvency Act) will be ordinary credits 
(créditos ordinarios) as defined in the Insolvency Act. Ordinary credits rank junior to credits against the 
insolvency estate (créditos contra la masa) and credits with a privilege (créditos privilegiados). Ordinary 
credits rank senior to subordinated credits and the rights of shareholders. 
Pursuant to article 152 of the Insolvency Act, the accrual of interest shall be suspended as from the date 
of declaration of the insolvency of the Issuer. Interest on the Notes accrued but unpaid as of the 
commencement of any insolvency procedure of the Issuer shall constitute subordinated claims against the 
Issuer ranking in accordance with the provisions of article 281 of the Insolvency Act.  
5. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any Notes remain outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement), the Issuer will not create 
or have outstanding any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other security interest (each a “Security 
Interest”) (other than any Permitted Security Interest), upon the whole or any part of its undertakings, 
assets, property or revenues (including uncalled capital), present or future, to secure any Relevant 
Indebtedness or to secure any guarantee or indemnity in respect of any Relevant Indebtedness, without at 
the same time or prior thereto granting to the Notes (i) the same security as is created or outstanding to 
secure any such Relevant Indebtedness, guarantee or indemnity, or (ii) such other security as shall be 
approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of Noteholders. 
In these Conditions: 
“Permitted Security Interest” means: 
(i) 
a Security Interest arising by operation of law; or 
(ii) 
any Security Interest which secures any Relevant Indebtedness or any guarantee or indemnity in 
respect of any Relevant Indebtedness which exists on any asset or undertaking of the Issuer which 
is acquired after the Issue Date of the Notes, provided that: (a) such Security Interest existed at 
the date of such acquisition; (b) such Security Interest was not created in contemplation of such 
acquisition; and (c) the amount thereby secured has not been increased in contemplation of, or 
since the date of, such acquisition, and any Security Interest over the same undertaking or asset 
which is given for the purpose of, and to the extent of, the refinancing of any such Relevant 
Indebtedness; and 
“Relevant Indebtedness” means any obligation (whether present or future, actual or contingent) in the 
form of or represented by any bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or other securities provided that any 
of the aforementioned obligations are listed on or have the capacity of being admitted by any listing 
authority to listing on, are quoted on, or are ordinarily dealt in or on, any stock exchange, or other securities 
market (for which purpose any such bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or other securities shall be 
deemed not to be capable of being so admitted, quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in if the terms of the issue 
thereof expressly so provide). 
6. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable.

--- Page 45 ---
- 45 - 
 
 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 
(Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due 
presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will 
continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 6 (both before and after judgment) until 
whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are 
received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal 
Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such 
seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount and Broken Amount: The Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for any 
Interest Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one Specified 
Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified 
Denomination. If a Broken Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Interest Amount payable 
on a particular Interest Payment Date(s) will amount to the Broken Amount so specified and will be 
payable on the particular Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(d) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for any period for 
which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the 
Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and 
multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such Note divided 
by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a “sub-unit” means, in the case of any currency other than 
euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency 
and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
7. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 
(Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due 
presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will 
continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition (both before and after judgment) until 
whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are 
received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal 
Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such 
seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes 
for each Interest Period will be (other than in respect of Notes for which €STR is specified as the Reference 
Rate in the relevant Final Terms) determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen Page 
as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates which appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of time for 
which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of 
time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period;

--- Page 46 ---
- 46 - 
 
 
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case 
may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation Agent 
shall calculate the Rate of Interest at such time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer, in 
consultation with an Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer, and such Independent Adviser 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; 
(iii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the Reference 
Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(iv) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (iii) above, 
fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, the Issuer will: 
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference Banks to 
provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank 
market in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that 
time; and 
(B) 
provide such quotations to the Calculation Agent who shall determine the arithmetic 
mean of such quotations; and 
(v) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will determine 
the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified 
Currency, requested and selected by the Issuer, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading European banks for a period equal to the 
relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that 
market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case 
may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable 
to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in 
relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will 
be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in 
relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
(d) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each 
Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where “ISDA Rate” in relation 
to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that 
would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation 
Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
if the Final Terms specify either “2006 ISDA Definitions” or “2021 ISDA Definitions” as the 
applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, is a period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(C) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the rate for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on 
the relevant Floating Rate Option, where:

--- Page 47 ---
- 47 - 
 
 
(1) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of 
time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period; and 
(2) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period, 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter 
than the length of the relevant Interest Period or, as the case may be, next longer than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation Agent shall calculate the Rate 
of Interest at such time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer, in consultation 
with an Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer, and such Independent Adviser 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines appropriate; 
(D) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option (as defined in 
the ISDA Definitions), Compounding is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms and: 
(1) 
if Compounding with Lookback is specified as the Compounding Method in the 
relevant Final Terms then (a) Compounding with Lookback is the Overnight 
Rate Compounding Method and (b) Lookback is the number of Applicable 
Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms;  
(2) 
if Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Compounding with Observation 
Period Shift is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, (b) Observation 
Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms and (c) 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions), if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(3) 
if Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Compounding Method in the 
relevant Final Terms then (a) Compounding with Lockout is the Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method, (b) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business 
Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and (c) Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
(E) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option (as defined in 
the ISDA Definitions), Averaging is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms and:  
(1) 
if Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging Method in the 
relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Lookback is the Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method and (b) Lookback is the number of Applicable Business 
Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
if Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the Averaging 
Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Overnight Period 
Shift is the Overnight Rate Averaging Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is 
the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms and (c) Observation Period 
Shift Additional Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if 
applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(3) 
if Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging Method in the relevant 
Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Lockout is the Overnight Rate Averaging 
Method, (b) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business Days (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms and (c) Lockout

--- Page 48 ---
- 48 - 
 
 
Period Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final 
Terms;  
(ii) 
references in the ISDA Definitions to: 
(A) 
“Confirmation” shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
“Calculation Period” shall be references to the relevant Interest Period;  
(C) 
“Termination Date” shall be references to the Maturity Date;  
(D) 
“Effective Date” shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date; and 
(iii) 
if the Final Terms specify “2021 ISDA Definitions” as being applicable: 
(A) 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event” shall be disapplied; and  
(B) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified Floating Rate 
Option is specified to be “Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate” in 
the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions the reference to “Calculation 
Agent Alternative Rate Determination” in the definition of “Temporary Non-Publication 
Fallback – Alternative Rate” shall be replaced by “Temporary Non-Publication Fallback 
– Previous Day’s Rate”.  
(e) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing €STR (Screen Rate Determination) 
(i) 
This Condition 7(e) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, Screen Rate Determination is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, 
and the “Reference Rate” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being “€STR”. 
(ii) 
Where “€STR” is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily €STR plus or minus (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent on 
each Interest Determination Date.  
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(e): 
“Compounded Daily €STR” means, with respect to any Interest Period, the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will 
be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
[∏(1 + €STR𝑖 ×  𝑛𝑖
D
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] × D
𝑑 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii)  
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
“D” means the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is 
specified, 360); 
“do” means the number of T2 Settlement Days in:

--- Page 49 ---
- 49 - 
 
 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
the “€STR reference rate” in respect of any T2 Settlement Day, is a reference rate equal to the 
daily euro short-term rate (“€STR”) for such T2 Settlement Day as provided by the European 
Central Bank as the administrator of €STR (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the 
website of the European Central Bank (or, if no longer published on its website, as otherwise 
published by it or provided by it to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant 
Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such 
authorised distributors) on the T2 Settlement Day immediately following such T2 Settlement Day 
(in each case, at the time specified by, or determined in accordance with, the applicable 
methodology, policies or guidelines, of the European Central Bank or the successor administrator 
of such rate); 
“€STRi” means the €STR reference rate for: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the T2 
Settlement Day falling “p” T2 Settlement Days prior to the relevant T2 Settlement Day 
“i”; or 
(ii)  
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant T2 Settlement Day “i”. 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing the relevant T2 Settlement 
Day in chronological order from, and including, the first T2 Settlement Day in: 
(i)  
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii)  
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last T2 Settlement Day in such period; 
“Interest Determination Date” means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling “p” T2 
Settlement Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling 
“p” T2 Settlement Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable); 
“ni” for any T2 Settlement Day “i” in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period (as 
applicable), means the number of calendar days from (and including) such T2 Settlement Day “i” 
up to (but excluding) the following T2 Settlement Day; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period from (and including) 
the date falling “p” T2 Settlement Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period (and 
the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the date falling “p” T2 Settlement Days prior to (A) (in the case of an Interest Period) 
the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period or (B) such earlier date, if any, on which the 
Notes become due and payable; and 
“p” for any latest Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of T2 
Settlement Days specified as the “Lag Period” or the “Observation Shift Period” (as applicable) 
in the relevant Final Terms or, if no such period is specified, five T2 Settlement Days. 
(iv) 
Subject to Condition 7(k) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)), if, where any Rate 
of Interest is to be calculated pursuant to Condition 7(e)(ii) above, in respect of any T2 Settlement 
Day in respect of which an applicable €STR reference rate is required to be determined, such 
€STR reference rate is not made available on the Relevant Screen Page and has not otherwise 
been published by the relevant authorised distributors, then the €STR reference rate in respect of 
such T2 Settlement Day shall be the €STR reference rate for the first preceding T2 Settlement

--- Page 50 ---
- 50 - 
 
 
Day in respect of which €STR reference rate was published by the European Central Bank on its 
website, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(v) 
Subject to Condition 7(k) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)), if the Rate of Interest 
cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 7(e), the Rate 
of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest 
Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no 
such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been 
applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal 
in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(f) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the 
maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(g) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount 
payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by 
applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product 
by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified 
Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal 
to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose 
a “sub-unit” means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
(h) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined by 
it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be determined 
by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Paying Agents and each competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted 
to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such determination. Notice thereof shall 
also promptly be given to the Noteholders. The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any 
Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may 
publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum 
Specified Denomination.  
(i) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the Calculation Agent 
will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and 
the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation 
Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such 
purposes. 
(j) 
Determination of Rate of Interest following acceleration: If (i) the Notes become due and payable in 
accordance with Condition 12 (Events of Default) and (ii) the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period during 
which the Notes become due and payable is to be determined by reference to Condition 7(e) (Interest – 
Floating Rate Notes referencing €STR (Screen Rate Determination)), then the final Interest Determination 
Date shall be the date on which the Notes become so due and payable, and such Rate of Interest shall 
continue to apply to the Notes for so long as interest continues to accrue thereon as provided in the 
Conditions. 
(k) 
Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser) 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the Reference Rate when the Rate of Interest (or any component 
part thereof) for any Interest Period remains to be determined by reference to such Reference Rate, then 
the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with

--- Page 51 ---
- 51 - 
 
 
Condition 7(k)(i)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 7(k)(ii)) 
and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 7(k)(iii)).  
In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents or the Noteholders for any determination made by it pursuant 
to this Condition 7(k)) and the Fiscal Agent will not be liable for any loss, liability, cost, charge or expense 
which may arise as a result thereof 
(i) 
If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion that:  
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 7(k)(ii)) subsequently be used in place of the Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for the relevant 
Interest Period and all following Interest Periods, subject to the subsequent operation of 
this Condition 7(k) in the event of a further Benchmark Event affecting the Successor 
Rate; or  
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 7(k)(ii)) subsequently be used 
in place of the Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part(s) thereof) for the relevant Interest Period and all following Interest 
Periods, subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 7(k) in the event of a 
further Benchmark Event affecting the Alternative Rate.  
(ii) 
If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion (A) that an Adjustment Spread is required 
to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (B) the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such 
Adjustment Spread shall apply to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).  
(iii) 
If any relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 7(k) and the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion (i) 
that amendments to these Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark 
Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, 
following consultation with the Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s)), 
subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 7(k)(v), without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of relevant Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice (and for the avoidance 
of doubt, the Fiscal Agent shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer, consent to and effect 
such consequential amendments to the Agency Agreement and these Conditions as the Fiscal 
Agent may be required in order to give effect to this Condition 7(k)). 
(iv) 
If (A) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or (B) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 7(k) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the 
Reference Rate applicable to the relevant Interest Period shall be the Reference Rate applicable 
as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date. If there has not been a First Interest Payment 
Date, the Reference Rate shall be the Reference Rate applicable to the first Interest Period. For 
the avoidance of doubt, any adjustment pursuant to this Condition 7(k)(iv) shall apply to the 
relevant Interest Period only. Any subsequent Interest Period may be subject to the subsequent 
operation of this Condition 7(k) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)). 
(v) 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 7(k) will be notified promptly by the 
Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
(vi) 
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent 
a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer:

--- Page 52 ---
- 52 - 
 
 
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the relevant Successor Rate, or, 
as the case may be, the relevant Alternative Rate and, (z) where applicable, any relevant 
Adjustment Spread and/or the specific terms of any relevant Benchmark Amendments, 
in each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 7(k); and  
(B) 
certifying that (1) the relevant Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment 
Spread and (2) the intent of the drafting of such changes is solely to implement the 
relevant Benchmark Amendments.  
The Fiscal Agent and the Agents shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without further 
enquiry and without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. 
(vii) 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad 
faith in the determination of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and such Adjustment Spread 
(if any) and such Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, Fiscal Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders.  
(viii) 
As used in this Condition 7(k): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser 
determines is required to be applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which:  
(A)  
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an 
option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(B) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate), the 
Independent Adviser, determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions 
to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Reference Rate; or  
(C)  
(if no such determination has been made) the Independent Adviser determines, is 
recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or  
(D)  
(if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged) the Independent Adviser determines to be appropriate to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of 
the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).  
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with this Condition 7(k) is customary in market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate period and in the Specified Currency;  
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(A) 
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as a 
result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(B) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed that will 
continue publication of such Reference Rate) it has ceased publishing such Reference 
Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so by a specified future date 
(the “Specified Future Date”); or

--- Page 53 ---
- 53 - 
 
 
(C) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that such Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified future date (the “Specified 
Future Date”), be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(D) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that means that such Reference Rate will, by a specified future date (the “Specified 
Future Date”), be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions 
or adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of the Notes; or 
(E) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
(as applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, (i) such Reference Rate is or will, by 
a specified future date (the “Specified Future Date”), be no longer representative of an 
underlying market or (ii) the methodology to calculate such Reference Rate has 
materially changed; or 
(F) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become unlawful for 
the Calculation Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using 
the relevant Reference Rate (as applicable) (including, without limitation, under the 
Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a public 
statement within sub-paragraphs (B), (C), (D), or (E) above and the applicable Specified Future 
Date in the public statement is more than six months after the date of that public statement, the 
Benchmark Event shall not be deemed to occur until the date falling six months prior to such 
applicable Specified Future Date. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
other independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each case 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable):  
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or  
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and  
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
8. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions  
(a) 
Application: This Condition 8 is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero Coupon Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable.  
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon 
Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to 
the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price on 
the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) 
whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that 
day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days 
after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of

--- Page 54 ---
- 54 - 
 
 
the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in 
payment).  
9. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be 
redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 
(Payments). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: Provided that Noteholders do not exercise their right, as stated hereunder in 
Condition 9(b)(iii), to elect that its Notes shall not be redeemed for tax reasons, Notes may be redeemed 
at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders, or such other 
period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, (which notice shall be irrevocable), at 
their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed 
for redemption, if: 
(A) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred 
to in Condition 11 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision or any authority thereof 
or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation 
of such laws or regulations (including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), 
which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the Notes; and 
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to 
it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(1) 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days (or such other period as 
may be specified in the relevant final terms) prior to the earliest date on which 
the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in 
respect of the Notes were then due; or 
(2) 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days 
(or such other period as may be specified in the relevant final terms) prior to the 
Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date on which 
the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in 
respect of the Notes were then due. 
At least 15 days prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, 
the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by any director or any duly 
authorised officer of the Issuer or any other person or persons notified in writing to the Fiscal 
Agent and signed by any such director or duly authorised officer as being authorised to sign the 
aforementioned certificate stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting 
forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to 
redeem have occurred. 
(iii)  
If the Issuer gives a notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 9(b) (Redemption and 
Purchase―Redemption for tax reasons) each Noteholder will have the right to elect that its Notes 
shall not be redeemed and that the provisions of Condition 11 (Taxation) shall not apply in respect 
of any payment to be made on such Notes which falls due after the relevant redemption date, 
whereupon no additional amounts shall be payable in respect thereof pursuant to Condition 11 
(Taxation) and payment of all amounts on such Notes shall be made subject to the deduction or

--- Page 55 ---
- 55 - 
 
 
withholding of any Spanish taxation required to be withheld or deducted. To exercise such right, 
the relevant Holder or Noteholder of the relevant Note must complete, sign and deposit at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent a duly completed and signed notice of election, in the form 
for the time being current, obtainable from the specified office of the Fiscal Agent on or before 
the day falling 19 days prior to the relevant redemption date. 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) on the Issuer’s giving not less than 15 nor 
more than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders, or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms (which notice shall be irrevocable, but may (at the option of the Issuer) be conditional on one 
or more conditions precedent being satisfied, or waived by the Issuer, and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem 
the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date (Call) specified in such notice at the applicable amount specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(together, if appropriate, with accrued and unpaid interest to (but excluding) the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Call)) at one of: 
(i) 
the Optional Redemption Amount (Call); or 
(ii) 
the Make Whole Redemption Price. 
The “Make Whole Redemption Price” will, in respect of Notes to be redeemed, be:  
(i) 
if “Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount” is specified as being applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms an amount equal to the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the principal amount of such 
Notes and (ii) the principal amount of such Notes multiplied by the price (expressed as a 
percentage), as reported in writing to the Issuer by the Determination Agent (if applicable), at 
which the Gross Redemption Yield to maturity (or, if applicable, to the Par Redemption Date) on 
such Notes on the Reference Date is equal to the sum of (x) the Gross Redemption Yield (as 
determined by reference to the middle market price) at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date 
of the Reference Bond, plus (y) the Redemption Margin, as determined by the Determination 
Agent; or  
(ii) 
if “Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount” is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
an amount equal to the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the principal amount of such Notes and (ii) 
the principal amount of such Notes multiplied by the price (expressed as a percentage), as reported 
in writing to the Issuer by the Determination Agent (if applicable), at which the yield to maturity 
(or, if applicable, yield to the Par Redemption Date) on such Notes on the Reference Date is equal 
to the sum of (x) the Reference Bond Rate at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date, plus (y) 
the Redemption Margin, as determined by the Determination Agent,  
provided however that, in the case of either (i) or (ii) above, if the Optional Redemption Date (Call) occurs 
on or after the Par Redemption Date (if any) specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Make Whole 
Redemption Price will be equal to 100 per cent of the principal amount of the Notes. 
(d) 
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with Condition 
9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing 
of lots in such place as the Issuer approves and in such manner as the Issuer considers appropriate, subject 
to compliance with applicable law, the rules of each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and the 
notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall specify 
the serial numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum 
Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) 
shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(e) 
Clean-up Call: If Clean-up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, and 
if, at any time (other than as a direct result of a redemption of some, but not all, of the Notes at the Make 
Whole Redemption Price at the Issuer’s option pursuant to Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option of 
the Issuer), the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Notes is 25 per cent. (or such other amount 
as is specified in the relevant Final Terms under the heading “Clean-up Call Threshold”) or less of the 
aggregate nominal amount of the Notes originally issued (and, for these purposes, any further Notes issued

--- Page 56 ---
- 56 - 
 
 
pursuant to Condition 17 (Further Issues) and consolidated with the Notes as part of the same Series shall 
be deemed to have been originally issued), the Issuer may redeem all (but not some only) of the remaining 
outstanding Notes on any date (or, if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, on any Interest Payment Date) upon giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 
days’ notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) (which notice shall specify the date for redemption and shall be irrevocable), at their principal 
amount together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption.  
(f) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any Note redeem such Note on the Optional 
Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption 
Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued and unpaid to (but excluding) such date. In order to 
exercise the option contained in this Condition 9(f), the holder of a Note must, not less than 30 nor more 
than 60 days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put) (or such other period(s) as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), deposit with any Paying Agent such Note together with all 
unmatured Coupons relating thereto and a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from 
any Paying Agent. The Paying Agent with which a Note is so deposited shall deliver a duly completed 
Put Option Receipt to the depositing Noteholder. No Note, once deposited with a duly completed Put 
Option Notice in accordance with this Condition 9(f), may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, 
prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any such Note becomes immediately due and 
payable or, upon due presentation of any such Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), 
payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent shall 
mail notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may have been given by such 
Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its Specified Office for collection 
by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long as any 
outstanding Note is held by a Paying Agent in accordance with this Condition 9(f), the depositor of such 
Note and not such Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the holder of such Note for all purposes. 
(g) 
Change of Control Put Option: If this Condition 9(g) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
if at any time while any Note remains outstanding, there occurs:  
(A) 
a Change of Control, and, within the Change of Control Period, a Rating Event in respect of that 
Change of Control occurs (such Change of Control and Rating Event not having been cured prior 
to the expiry of the Change of Control Period), or  
(B) 
a Change of Control, and, on the occurrence of the Change of Control, the Issuer is not rated by 
any Rating Agency on or before the last day of the Change of Control Period, 
(each, a “Change of Control Put Event”), each Noteholder will have the option (the “Change of Control 
Put Option”) (unless, prior to the giving of the Put Event Notice, the Issuer has given notice to redeem 
the Notes pursuant to this Condition 9) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer’s option, to procure 
the purchase of, all or some of its Notes, on the date determined by the Issuer and notified to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (the “Change of Control Redemption Date”), which date 
shall be within a period of not less than 45 nor more than 90 days following the Put Event Notice) at the 
Change of Control Redemption Amount of such Notes. 
Where: 
A “Change of Control” shall be deemed to have occurred at each time that any person or persons acting 
in concert (“Relevant Persons”) or any person or persons acting on behalf of such Relevant Persons, 
acquire(s) control, directly or indirectly, of the Issuer; 
“control” means: (a) the acquisition or control of more than 50% of the voting rights of the issued share 
capital of the Issuer; or (b) the right to appoint and/or remove all or the majority of the members of the 
Issuer’s Board of Directors or other governing body, whether obtained directly or indirectly, whether 
obtained by ownership of share capital, the possession of voting rights, contract or otherwise; 
“Change of Control Period” means the period commencing on the date on which the relevant Change of 
Control occurs or the date of the first relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement, whichever is 
the earlier, and ending on the date which is 90 days after the date of the occurrence of the relevant Change 
of Control;

--- Page 57 ---
- 57 - 
 
 
“Change of Control Redemption Amount” means an amount equal to par plus interest accrued and 
unpaid to but excluding the Change of Control Redemption Date; 
“Potential Change of Control Announcement” means any public announcement or statement by the 
Issuer or any actual or bona fide potential bidder relating to any potential Change of Control; 
“Rating Agency” means any of the following: (a) Moody’s Deutschland GmbH (“Moody’s”); (b) Fitch 
Ratings Ireland Spanish Branch, Sucursal en España (“Fitch”); (c) S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
(“S&P”); or (d) any other credit rating agency of equivalent international standing specified from time to 
time by the Issuer and, in each case, their respective successors or affiliates; 
A “Rating Downgrade” shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control if, within 
the Change of Control Period, the rating previously assigned to the Issuer is lowered by at least two full 
rating notches (by way of example, BB+ to BB-, in the case of S&P) (a “downgrade”) or withdrawn, in 
each case, by the requisite number of Rating Agencies (as defined below), and is not, within the Change 
of Control Period, subsequently upgraded (in the case of a downgrade) or reinstated (in the case of a 
withdrawal) to its earlier credit rating or better, such that there is no longer a downgrade or withdrawal by 
the requisite number of Rating Agencies. For these purposes, the “requisite number of Rating Agencies” 
shall mean (i) at least two Rating Agencies, if, at the time of the rating downgrade or withdrawal, three or 
more Rating Agencies have assigned a credit rating to the Issuer, or (ii) at least one Rating Agency if, at 
the time of the rating downgrade or withdrawal, fewer than three Rating Agencies have assigned a credit 
rating to the Issuer. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Rating Downgrade shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a 
particular Change of Control if (a) following such a downgrade, the Issuer is still assigned an Investment 
Grade Rating by one or more Rating Agency, or (b) the Rating Agencies lowering or withdrawing their 
rating do not publicly announce or otherwise confirm in writing to the Issuer that such reduction or 
withdrawal was the result, in whole or part, of any event or circumstance comprised in, or arising as a 
result of, or in respect of, the applicable Change of Control; and 
“Investment Grade Rating” means: (1) with respect to Moody’s, any of the categories from and 
including Aaa to and including Baa3 (or equivalent successor categories); (2) with respect to Fitch, any 
of the categories from and including AAA to and including BBB- (or equivalent successor categories); 
(3) with respect to S&P, any of the categories from and including AAA to and including BBB- (or 
equivalent successor categories); and (4) with respect to any other credit rating agency of equivalent 
international standing specified from time to time by the Issuer, a rating that is equivalent to, or better 
than, the foregoing. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Change of Control Put Event has occurred, the Issuer 
shall give notice (the “Put Event Notice”) to the Paying Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices) specifying the nature of the Change of Control Put Event and the circumstances 
giving rise to it and the procedure for exercising the Change of Control Put Option, as well as the date 
upon which the Put Period (as defined below) will end and the Change of Control Redemption Date. 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option to require redemption or, as the case may be, purchase of 
such Note under this Condition 9(g), the holder of such Note must transfer or cause to be transferred its 
Notes to be so redeemed or purchased to the account of the Paying Agent specified in the Put Option 
Notice for the account of the Issuer within the period (“Put Period”) of 45 days after the Put Event Notice 
is given together with a duly signed and completed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being 
current) obtainable from the specified office of the Paying Agent (a “Put Option Notice”) and in which 
the holder may specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition 9(g). 
The Issuer shall redeem or, at its discretion, procure the purchase of the relevant Notes in respect of which 
the Change of Control Put Option has been validly exercised as provided above, and subject to the transfer 
of such Notes to the account of the Paying Agent for the account of the Issuer as described above on the 
Change of Control Redemption Date. Payment in respect of any Note so transferred will be made in the 
relevant Specified Currency to the holder to the relevant Specified Currency denominated bank account 
in the Put Option Notice on the Change of Control Redemption Date via the relevant account holders. 
(h) 
Redemption following an Acquisition Event: If an Acquisition Event is specified in the Final Terms as 
being applicable and an Acquisition Event has occurred, then the Issuer may, subject to having given not

--- Page 58 ---
- 58 - 
 
 
less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders within the Acquisition Notice 
Period (as specified in the Final Terms) in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) (which notice shall 
specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem the Notes comprising the relevant Series in whole, but not 
in part, in accordance with these Conditions at any time, in each case at their Acquisition Call Redemption 
Amount (as specified in the Final Terms), together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 9(h), the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by any director or any duly authorised officer of the Issuer or any 
other person or persons notified in writing to the Fiscal Agent and signed by any such director or duly 
authorised officer as being authorised to sign the aforementioned certificate which will state that the Issuer 
is entitled to effect such redemption and certifying that an Acquisition Event has occurred. 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
an “Acquisition Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if the Issuer (i) has not, on or prior to the 
Acquisition Completion Date (as specified in the Final Terms), completed and closed the acquisition of 
the Acquisition Target (as specified in the Final Terms) or (ii) has publicly announced that it no longer 
intends to pursue the acquisition of the Acquisition Target. 
(i) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as provided in 
paragraphs (a) to (h), above, and paragraph (j), below. 
(j) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity Date 
shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the 
case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the calculation 
in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as 
may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 9(j) or, if none is so specified, a 
Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(k) 
Purchase: The Issuer or its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise 
and at any price and such Notes may be held, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any 
Paying Agent for cancellation (provided that, if the Notes are to be cancelled, they are purchased together 
with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating to them). 
(l) 
Cancellation: All Notes redeemed by the Issuer and any unmatured Coupons or unexchanged Talons 
attached to or surrendered with them shall be cancelled and all Notes so cancelled and any Notes cancelled 
pursuant to Condition 9(k) (Purchase) above (together with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged 
Talons cancelled with them) may not be reissued or resold. 
10. 
Payments 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is 
made in full) surrender of Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by 
cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on, or by transfer to an account denominated 
in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) 
and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency. 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to paragraph (h) below, be made only against presentation and 
(provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at the Specified Office of 
any Paying Agent outside the United States in the manner described in paragraph (a) above.

--- Page 59 ---
- 59 - 
 
 
(c) 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office of a 
Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make payment of the full amount 
of the interest on the Notes in the currency in which the payment is due when due, (ii) payment of the full 
amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by 
exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is permitted by applicable United States 
law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to (i) any 
applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 11 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 11(b) 
(Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
(e) 
Commissions or Expenses: No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or 
Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(f) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable and a Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of principal 
due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons will be deducted 
from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that if the gross amount 
available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will 
be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons which the gross amount 
actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal due for 
payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of maturity) as 
will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing Coupons (the 
“Relevant Coupons”) being equal to the amount of principal due for payment; provided, 
however, that where this sub-paragraph would otherwise require a fraction of a missing 
Coupon to become void, such missing Coupon shall become void in its entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the amount of 
principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of principal due for 
payment; provided, however, that, if the gross amount available for payment is less 
than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion 
of the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of 
principal due for payment) which the gross amount actually available for payment bears 
to the amount of principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above 
against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the relevant missing 
Coupons.  
(g) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
applicable, on the due date for final redemption of any Note or early redemption in whole of such Note 
pursuant to any of the provisions of Condition 9 (Redemption and Purchase) or Condition 12 (Events of 
Default), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) shall become void and no 
payment will be made in respect thereof. 
(h) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon 
is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the holder shall not be entitled to payment in 
such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such place and shall not 
be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay.

--- Page 60 ---
- 60 - 
 
 
(i) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in respect of matured 
Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Notes at the Specified Office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if permitted by paragraph (c) above). 
(j) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Note or Coupon presented 
to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the amount and date of 
such payment. 
(k) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time of issue) 
part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Notes, the Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet may be 
exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if appropriate, 
a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have already become void pursuant 
to Condition 13 (Prescription). Upon the due date for redemption of any Note, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon will be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
11. 
Taxation 
(a) 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes by the Issuer will be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by or on behalf of Spain or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax (“Tax Jurisdiction”) unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In 
such event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts 
received by the Noteholders after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of 
principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes, as the case 
may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be 
payable with respect to any Notes: 
(i) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder or Noteholder who is liable for such taxes or duties in 
respect of such Notes by reason of his having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than 
the mere holding of such Note; or 
(ii) 
to a holder or Noteholder who is (or is deemed as) an entity or individual resident for tax purposes 
in a Tax Jurisdiction or acts (or is deemed as acting) with respect of the Notes through a permanent 
establishment located in a Tax Jurisdiction; or 
(iii) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to 
the extent that the holder or Noteholder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount 
on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a 
Payment Business Day; or 
(iv) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder or Noteholder in respect of whose Notes the Issuer 
(or an agent acting on behalf of the Issuer) has not received information as may be necessary to 
allow payments on such Note to be made free and clear of withholding tax or deduction on 
account of any taxes imposed by a Tax Jurisdiction, including when the Issuer (or an agent acting 
on behalf of the Issuer) does not receive such information concerning such Noteholder’s identity 
and tax residence as may be required in order to comply with the procedures that may be 
implemented; or 
(v) 
where taxes are imposed by a Tax Jurisdiction that are (a) payable otherwise than by withholding 
from a payment under, or with respect to, the Notes; or (b) any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, 
transfer, personal property or similar taxes imposed by a Tax Jurisdiction; or (c) solely due to the 
appointment by an investor in the Notes, or any person through which an investor holds Notes, 
of a custodian, collection agent, person or entity acting on behalf of the investor of the Notes or 
similar person in relation to such Notes; or 
(vi) 
any combination of items (i) through (v) above. 
(b) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, no additional amounts shall be payable with 
respect to any Notes if any withholding or deduction is required to be made from a payment from the 
Notes pursuant to sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any amended or successor version that is 
substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future 
regulations or official interpretations thereof, any law or regulations adopted pursuant to an

--- Page 61 ---
- 61 - 
 
 
intergovernmental agreement between a non-U.S. jurisdiction and the United States with respect to the 
foregoing or any agreements entered into pursuant to section 1471(b) of the Code. 
12. 
Events of Default 
If any one or more of the following events (each an “Event of Default”) has occurred and is continuing: 
(a) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Notes within 14 days of the 
due date for payment thereof or fails to pay any amount of interest in respect of the Notes within 21 days 
of the due date for payment thereof; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any of its other 
obligations under or in respect of the Notes or as the case may be, the Agency Agreement, and such default 
remains unremedied for 30 days after written notice thereof, addressed to the Issuer by any Noteholder, 
has been delivered to the Issuer; or 
(c) 
Cross-default of Issuer or Relevant Subsidiary: 
(i) 
any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of the Issuer or any of its Relevant Subsidiaries is not 
paid when due or (as the case may be) within any originally applicable grace period; or 
(ii) 
any such Indebtedness for Borrowed Money becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity 
otherwise than at the option of the Issuer or (as the case may be) the Relevant Subsidiaries or 
(provided that no event of default, howsoever described, has occurred) any person entitled to such 
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money, 
provided that the amount of Indebtedness for Borrowed Money referred to in sub-paragraph (i) and/or 
sub-paragraph (ii) above individually or in the aggregate exceeds €50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any 
other currency or currencies); or 
(d) 
Winding up: an administrator is appointed, an order is made or an effective resolution passed for the 
winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer or any Relevant Subsidiary and such order or resolution is not 
discharged or cancelled within 30 days, or the Issuer or any Relevant Subsidiary ceases or threatens to 
cease to carry on all or substantially all of its business or operations, in each case except (I) for the purpose 
of and followed by a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or consolidation either (i) on 
terms previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution or (ii) is on a solvent basis or (iii) where in the 
case of a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or consolidation of the Issuer whereby the 
surviving entity effectively assumes the entire obligations of the Issuer under the Notes, (A) if immediately 
prior to such reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or consolidation the Issuer has a rating 
for long-term senior debt assigned by one or more rating agencies of Investment Grade, such surviving 
entity has a rating for long-term senior debt assigned by one or more rating agencies of Investment Grade; 
or (B), if immediately prior to such reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or consolidation 
the Issuer has a rating for long-term senior debt assigned by one or more rating agencies but no such rating 
is Investment Grade, such surviving entity has a rating equivalent to or higher than the long-term senior 
debt of the Issuer prior to such reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or consolidation, in 
each case except where there is a downgrading due to a change in the valuation methodology of the Issuer 
by such rating agency as a consequence of such reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or 
consolidation; or (II) where the Issuer is substituted according to Condition 18 (Substitution of the Issuer); 
or 
(e) 
Enforcement and Insolvency proceedings: (i) in respect of the Issuer, an order is made by any competent 
court commencing insolvency proceedings (procedimientos concursales) against it or an order is made or 
a resolution is passed for the dissolution or winding up of the Issuer, and in respect of any of the Issuer’s 
Relevant Subsidiaries, proceedings are initiated against any such Relevant Subsidiary under any 
applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws (unless the exception 
stated in the aforementioned Condition 12(d) applies); or (ii) an encumbrancer takes possession of the 
whole or any substantial part of the undertaking or assets of the Issuer (or any of its Relevant Subsidiaries); 
or (iii) a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other process is levied, enforced upon, sued out 
or put in force against the whole or any substantial part of the undertaking or assets of the Issuer (or any 
of its Relevant Subsidiaries); and in any case the event or events mentioned in this Condition 12(e) is or 
are not discharged within 30 days; or

--- Page 62 ---
- 62 - 
 
 
(f) 
Unsatisfied judgment: one or more final judgment(s) or order(s) for the payment of any amount which 
individually or in the aggregate exceeds €50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies) 
is rendered against the Issuer or any of its Relevant Subsidiaries and continue(s) unsatisfied and unstayed 
for a period of 30 days after the date(s) thereof or, if later, the date therein specified for payment; or 
(g) 
Security enforced: any Security Interest created or assumed by the Issuer or any of its Relevant 
Subsidiaries becomes enforceable and any steps are taken to enforce it (including the taking of possession 
or the appointment of a receiver, administrative receiver, manager or other similar person) provided that 
the Indebtedness for Borrowed Money to which such Security Interest relates either individually or in 
aggregate exceeds €50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies); or 
(h) 
Arrangements with creditors: the Issuer (or any of its Relevant Subsidiaries) initiates or consents to 
judicial proceedings relating to itself under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, 
reorganisation or other similar laws or makes a conveyance or assignment for the benefit of, or enters into 
any composition or other arrangement with, its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors); or 
(i) 
Failure to take action etc.: any action, condition or thing at any time required to be taken, fulfilled or done 
in order to enable the Issuer lawfully to enter into, exercise its rights and perform and comply with its 
obligations under and in respect of the Notes is not taken, fulfilled or done, save to the extent that any lack 
of such action, condition or thing would not be material in the context of the issue of, and performance of 
the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes; or 
(j) 
Unlawfulness: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any of its obligations 
under or in respect of the Notes, 
then any Note may, by written notice addressed by the holder thereof to the Issuer and delivered to the 
Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, be declared immediately due and payable, whereupon 
it shall become immediately due and payable at its Early Termination Amount together with accrued 
interest (if any) without further action or formality. 
When related to a Relevant Subsidiary, an Event of Default shall only be considered as such when the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer is materially weaker immediately after the occurrence of such event, where: 
“materially weaker” shall mean that (i) should the Issuer be rated solely by one credit rating agency, 
such credit rating agency modifies at least by three lower notches the ratings previously applied to the 
Issuer; and (ii) should the Issuer be rated by two or more credit rating agencies, at least two of such credit 
rating agencies modify at least by three lower notches the ratings previously applied to the Issuer. 
For the purpose of this Condition 12 (Events of Default): 
“Days” mean calendar days; 
“Indebtedness for Borrowed Money” means any money borrowed, liabilities in respect of any 
acceptance credit, note or bill discounting facility, liabilities under any bonds, notes, debentures, loan 
stock, securities or other indebtedness by way of loan capital; 
“Investment Grade” means a rating assigned by a credit rating agency which is at least equal to, or better 
than, Baa3 (in the case of Moody’s), BBB- (in the case of Fitch or S&P) or an equivalent rating awarded 
by another credit rating agency; 
“Relevant Subsidiaries” means at any time, a Subsidiary of the Issuer if the non-consolidated total assets 
and non-consolidated profits before tax of that Subsidiary equals or exceeds 10 per cent. of the 
consolidated total assets and of the consolidated profits before tax, respectively, of the Issuer and weighted 
accordingly to the stake of Voting Rights held by the Issuer in that Subsidiary from time to time; 
For this purpose: 
(a) 
subject to paragraph (b) below: 
(i) 
the non-consolidated total assets and non-consolidated profits before tax of a Subsidiary of the 
Issuer will be determined from its latest audited non-consolidated financial statements; and

--- Page 63 ---
- 63 - 
 
 
(ii) 
the consolidated total assets and consolidated profits before tax of the Issuer will be determined 
from the latest audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer; 
(b) 
if an entity becomes a Subsidiary of the Issuer after the date on which the latest audited non-consolidated 
financial statements of the Issuer were prepared: 
(i) 
the non-consolidated total assets and non-consolidated profits before tax of that Subsidiary will 
be determined from its latest audited non-consolidated financial statements but adjusted to take 
account of such Subsidiary; and 
(ii) 
the consolidated total assets and consolidated profits before tax of the Issuer will be determined 
from the latest audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer, but adjusted to take account 
of such Subsidiary. 
(c) 
a Subsidiary which is or becomes a Relevant Subsidiary will remain a Relevant Subsidiary until the next 
audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer show otherwise under paragraph (a) above; 
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to an entity (the “first person”), any entity directly controlled by that 
first person where control is determined by: (i) holding the majority of the Voting Rights; (ii) having the 
power to appoint or dismiss the majority of the members of the governing body; (iii) being able to dispose, 
by virtue of agreements entered into with third parties, of the majority of the Voting Rights; and (iv) 
having employed its votes to appoint the majority of the members of the governing body who hold office 
at the moment when the consolidated accounts must be drawn up and during the two business years 
immediately preceding. Additionally, the Voting Rights of the controlling company shall be added to 
those it holds through other dependent companies, or through persons acting in its own name, but on 
account of the controlling company, or other dependent ones, or those with which it has made 
arrangements through any other person; and 
“Voting Rights” means the right generally to vote at a general meeting of shareholders of the relevant 
entity (irrespective of whether or not, at the time, stock of any other class or classes shall have, or might 
have, voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency). 
13. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal shall become void unless the relevant Notes are presented for payment within ten 
years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest shall become void unless the relevant Coupons 
are presented for payment within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
14. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the Specified 
Office of the Fiscal Agent (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying 
Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon payment by the claimant 
of the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, 
indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes or Coupons 
must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
15. 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the Paying 
Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of 
agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Paying Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation Agent 
(if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the right any time to vary or terminate 
the appointment of any Paying Agent and to appoint a successor fiscal agent or Calculation Agent and 
additional or successor paying agents; provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a fiscal agent; and

--- Page 64 ---
- 64 - 
 
 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall maintain a 
Calculation Agent for as long as any of the relevant Notes remains outstanding; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying 
Agent in any particular place, the Issuer shall maintain a Paying Agent having its Specified Office 
in the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to 
the Noteholders.  
16. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the modification of any provision of these 
Conditions. Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a 
meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by it upon the request in writing of 
Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes. 
The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be one or more Persons 
holding or representing one more than half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes or, 
at any adjourned meeting, one or more Persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the principal 
amount of the Notes held or represented; provided, however, that Reserved Matters may only be 
sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which one or more 
Persons holding or representing not less than two thirds or, at any adjourned meeting, one quarter of the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes form a quorum. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly 
passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders and Couponholders, whether present 
or not. 
Any such meeting of the Noteholders may be convened at a physical location, or such other method (which 
may include, without limitation, a conference call or video conference) as the Fiscal Agent may determine 
in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the time being are 
entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if it were an Extraordinary 
Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the 
same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification: The Notes, the Agency Agreement and these Conditions may be amended without the 
consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to (i) correct a manifest error, (ii) in order to make the 
relevant Benchmark Amendments pursuant to Condition 7(k) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent 
Adviser)) and (iii) to reflect a Substitute Debtor in accordance with Condition 18 (Substitution of the 
Issuer). In addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement may agree to modify any provision thereof, but 
the Issuer shall not agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to any such modification unless it is of 
a formal, minor or technical nature, it is made to correct a manifest error or it is, in the opinion of such 
parties, not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
17. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders , create 
and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects 
except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
18. 
Substitution of the Issuer 
(a) 
The Issuer (or any substitute thereof in accordance hereto, and any reference in this Condition to the Issuer 
shall include a reference to any substitute thereof in accordance hereto) may, with respect to any Series of 
Notes issued by it (for the purpose of this Condition 18, the “Relevant Notes”), without the further consent 
of the Noteholders, be replaced and substituted by: (a) a wholly owned Subsidiary (either directly or 
indirectly) of the Issuer; or (b) by the Issuer’s sole shareholder Fundación Bancaria Caixa d’Estalvis i 
Pensions de Barcelona, “la Caixa”; as the principal debtor in respect of the Notes (for the purpose of this 
Condition 18, the “Substitute Debtor”), provided that:

--- Page 65 ---
- 65 - 
 
 
(i) 
the Issuer is not in default in respect of any amount payable under any of the Relevant Notes; 
(ii) 
the Substitute Debtor has entered into a deed poll and such other documents (for the purpose of 
this Condition 18, the “Documents”) as are necessary to give effect to the substitution and in 
which the Substitute Debtor has undertaken in favour of each Noteholder of the Notes to be bound 
by these Conditions and the provisions of the Agency Agreement as the principal debtor in respect 
of the Relevant Notes as if it were the original issuer of the Notes; 
(iii) 
unless the Substitute Debtor is the Issuer’s sole shareholder, the obligations of the Substitute 
Debtor under the Deed Poll and the Notes have been unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed 
by the Issuer by means of a deed of guarantee (the “New Guarantee”); 
(iv) 
if the Substitute Debtor is resident for tax purposes in a territory (for the purpose of this Condition 
18, the “New Residence”) other than that in which the Issuer prior to such substitution was 
resident for tax purposes (for the purpose of this Condition 18, the “Former Residence”), the 
Documents contain an undertaking and/or such other provisions as may be necessary to ensure 
that each Noteholder has the benefit of an undertaking equivalent to that in Condition 11 
(Taxation), with, where applicable, the substitution of references to the Former Residence with 
references to the New Residence. The Documents also contain a covenant by the Substitute 
Debtor and the Issuer to indemnify and hold harmless each Noteholder against all taxes or duties 
which arise by reason of a law or regulation having legal effect or being in reasonable 
contemplation thereof on the date such substitution becomes effective, which may be incurred or 
levied against such Noteholder as a result of any substitution pursuant to this Condition 18 
(Substitution of the Issuer) and which would not have been so incurred or levied had such 
substitution not been made (and, without limiting the foregoing, any and all taxes or duties which 
are imposed on any such Noteholder by any political sub-division or taxing authority of any 
country in which such Noteholder resides or is subject to any such tax or duty and which would 
not have been so imposed had such substitution not been made); 
(v) 
the Documents contain a warranty and representation by the Substitute Debtor and the Issuer that 
(x) the Substitute Debtor and the Issuer have obtained all necessary governmental approvals and 
consents for such substitution and for the giving by the Issuer of the New Guarantee in respect of 
the obligations of the Substitute Debtor and for the performance by each of the Substitute Debtors 
and the Issuer of their respective obligations under the Documents and that all such approvals and 
consents are in full force and effect and (y) the substitution complies with all applicable 
requirements established under the applicable laws; 
(vi) 
each stock exchange on which the Relevant Notes are listed has, expressly or implicitly, 
confirmed that, following the proposed substitution of the Substitute Debtor, the Relevant Notes 
will continue to be listed on such stock exchange (or the Substitute Debtor is otherwise satisfied 
of the same); 
(vii) 
a legal opinion shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent (which may be viewed during normal 
business hours at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent) from lawyers of recognised standing 
in the country of incorporation of the Substitute Debtor, confirming, as appropriate, that upon the 
substitution taking place the Relevant Notes are legal, valid and binding obligations of the 
Substitute Debtor enforceable in accordance with their terms; 
(viii) 
a legal opinion shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent (which may be viewed during normal 
business hours at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent) from lawyers of recognised standing 
in England that upon the substitution taking place the Documents (including the New Guarantee 
given by the Issuer in respect of the Substitute Debtor) constitute legal, valid and binding 
obligations of the parties thereto under English law; 
(ix) 
unless the obligations of the Substitute Debtor under the Deed Poll and the Notes have been 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Issuer by means of the New Guarantee and, 
immediately prior to the substitution, the Issuer has a rating for long-term senior debt assigned 
by one of the Rating Agencies, the Substitute Debtor has (1) a rating for long-term senior debt 
assigned by one of the Rating Agencies equivalent to or higher than the long-term senior debt of 
the Issuer prior to the substitution; or (2) either (I) a rating of no more than three notches below 
that of the Issuer immediately prior to the substitution; or (II) a rating at least equal to the rating

--- Page 66 ---
- 66 - 
 
 
of the Issuer on the Issue Date of the Relevant Notes, whichever rating level in (I) or (II) is higher; 
and 
(x) 
if applicable, the Substitute Debtor has appointed a process agent as its agent in England to receive 
service of process on its behalf in relation to any legal proceedings arising out of or in connection 
with the Relevant Notes and the Documents. 
(b) 
Upon the execution of the Documents and the delivery of the legal opinions, the Substitute Debtor shall 
succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power, of the Issuer under the Notes 
and the Agency Agreement with the same effect as if the Substitute Debtor had been named as the 
principal debtor in place of the Issuer herein, and the Issuer shall, upon the execution of the Documents, 
be released from its obligations and liabilities under the Relevant Notes and the Agency Agreement. 
(c) 
After a substitution pursuant to Condition 18(a) the Substitute Debtor may, without the further consent of 
any Noteholder, effect a further substitution. All the provisions specified in Condition 18(a) and 18(b) 
shall apply, mutatis mutandis, and references in these Conditions to the Issuer shall, where the context so 
requires, be deemed to be or include references to any such further Substitute Debtor. 
(d) 
After a substitution pursuant to Condition 18(a) or 18(c) any Substitute Debtor may, without the further 
consent of any Noteholder, reverse the substitution, mutatis mutandis. 
(e) 
Copies of the Documents will be available free of charge at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent. 
(f) 
Not later than 15 Business Days after the execution of the Documents, the Substitute Debtor shall give 
notice thereof to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). 
19. 
Notices 
Notices to the Noteholders shall be valid if published in a leading English language daily newspaper 
published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) and, if the Notes are admitted to trading 
on Euronext Dublin and it is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, a leading newspaper having 
general circulation in Ireland or published on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/) 
or in either case, if such publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper 
having general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of 
first publication (or if required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which 
publication shall have been made in all the required newspapers). Couponholders shall be deemed for all 
purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the Noteholders.  
20. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per 
cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting from 
such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all Japanese 
Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower 
whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or resulting 
from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 
being rounded upwards. 
21. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes are, subject as provided below, governed by English law. The provisions of Condition 4 (Status), 
and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them, are governed by Spanish 
law. 
(b) 
English courts: The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a “Dispute”) 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes (including any non-contractual obligation arising out of or 
in connection with the Notes).

--- Page 67 ---
- 67 - 
 
 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: The Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and convenient 
courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary. 
(d) 
Rights of the Noteholders to take proceedings outside England: Notwithstanding Condition 21(b) (English 
courts), any Noteholder may take proceedings relating to a Dispute (“Proceedings”) in any other courts 
with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, Noteholders may take concurrent Proceedings in any 
number of jurisdictions. 
(e) 
Service of process: The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and any other 
documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being delivered 
to CaixaBank London at 63 St Mary Axe, London EC3A 8AA, United Kingdom, or to such other person 
with an address in England or Wales and/or at such other address in England or Wales as the Issuer may 
specify by notice in writing to the Noteholders. Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right of any 
Noteholder to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.

--- Page 68 ---
- 68 - 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, “EU MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (the “EU Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the “EU PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
[EU MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the [Notes] has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the [Notes] is eligible counterparties 
and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “EU MiFID II”)][EU 
MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the [Notes] to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any [person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the [Notes] (a “distributor”)] should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the [Notes] (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 [UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the [Notes] is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
[Notes] to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target 
market]. 
Any 
person 
subsequently 
offering, 
selling 
or 
recommending 
the 
Notes 
(a 
“distributor”)]/[distributor] should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the [Notes] (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]

--- Page 69 ---
- 69 - 
 
 
Final Terms dated [•] 
 
Criteria Caixa, S.A., Sociedad Unipersonal  
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 959800DQQUAMV0K08004 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
 
[Euro Medium Term Note Programme] 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
“Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 11 July 2023 [and the supplemental Base Prospectus 
dated [•] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in 
order to obtain all the relevant information. 
The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/) 
and on the Issuer’s website (www.criteriacaixa.com).  
The expression “EU Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which 
case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
 
Issuer: 
[•] 
 
 
 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
[(ii) Tranche Number: 
[•] 
 
[(iii) Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, form a 
single series and be interchangeable for trading purposes 
with the [•] on [[•]/the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the Permanent 
Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 24 below [which 
is expected to occur on or about [•]].] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[•] 
 
[(i)] [Series]: 
[•] 
 
[(ii) Tranche: 
[•]] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [•]] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[•] 
 
(ii) Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) Interest Commencement Date: 
[[•]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] ] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month 
and year]

--- Page 70 ---
- 70 - 
 
 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[•]-month [EURIBOR/€STR]+/– [•] per cent. Floating 
Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(see paragraph [14/15/16] below) 
10. Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal amount. 
11. Change of Interest or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Specify the date when any Fixed to floating rate change 
occurs or refer to paragraphs 14 and 15 below and 
identify there/Not Applicable] 
12. Put/Call Options: 
[Call Option] 
[Put Option] 
[Change of Control Put Option]  
[Clean-up Call Option] 
 
 
[Acquisition Event] 
 
 
[See paragraph [17/18/19/20/21] below)] 
13. Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance 
of Notes] obtained: 
[•] [and [•], respectively  
(N.B Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) Fixed Coupon Amount for a 
short or long Interest Period 
(“Broken Amount(s)”) 
[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•] 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 30E/360] 
15. Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
[•] 
 
(ii) Specified 
Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[•]

--- Page 71 ---
- 71 - 
 
 
 
(iii) [First Interest Payment Date]: 
[•] 
 
(iv) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention/ No 
Adjustment] 
 
(v) Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
(vi) Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
is/are 
to 
be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(vii) Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Fiscal 
Agent): 
[•] shall be the Calculation Agent 
 
(viii) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[•][•] [EURIBOR/€STR] 
 
• 
Observation Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift] 
 
• 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [     ] T2 Settlement Days/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Observation Shift Period: 
[5 / [     ] T2 Settlement Days/Not Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the Lag 
Period or Observation Shift Period, unless otherwise 
agreed with the Calculation Agent) 
 
• 
D: 
[360/[      ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Relevant Decimal Place: 
[  ] [5] (unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, be 
the fifth decimal place) 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[The first Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Period]/(select where Interest Determination Date has 
the meaning specified in Condition 7(e)) [•] [T2 
Settlement Days] prior to each Interest Payment Date] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[•] 
 
(ix) ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
(The Floating Rate Option should be selected from one 
of: EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (if 2006 ISDA Definitions 
apply) EUR-EURIBOR (if 2021 ISDA Definitions apply) 
/ EUR-EuroSTR / (each as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions). These are the options envisaged by the 
terms and conditions) 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[•]

--- Page 72 ---
- 72 - 
 
 
(Delegated Maturity will not be relevant where the 
Floating Rate Option is a risk free rate) 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[•]/[as specified in the ISDA Definitions]/[the first day of 
the relevant Interest Period, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention set out in 
[(v)] above and as specified in the ISDA Definitions] 
 
• 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [•] 
/ [Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[•]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
• 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (If not applicable delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lookout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[•]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
(x) Linear interpolation: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable – the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period)] 
 
(xi) Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[The Minimum Rate of Interest shall not be less than 
zero] / The Minimum Rate of Interest shall not be less 
than [•] per cent. per annum] 
 
(xiii) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiv) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 30E/360]

--- Page 73 ---
- 73 - 
 
 
16. Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) Reference Price: 
(iii) Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amount: 
[•] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 30E/360] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Call): 
[•] 
 
(ii) Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[•] per Calculation Amount[/Make Whole Redemption 
Price] 
[(in the case of the Optional Redemption Dates falling on 
[ ]/[in the period from and including [date]] 
 
[(iii) Make 
Whole 
Redemption 
Price: 
[Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount / 
Sterling 
Make 
Whole 
Redemption 
Amount/Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub paragraphs 
of this paragraph)] 
 
[(a) Reference Bond: 
[Insert applicable Reference Bond] 
 
[(b) Quotation Time: 
[•] 
 
[(c) Redemption Margin: 
[•] per cent. 
 
[(d) Reference Dealers: 
[•] 
 
[(e)  Par Redemption Date: 
[•]/Not Applicable 
 
(iv) Redemption in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount:  
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(v) Notice period: 
[As per Condition 9(c)]/[•] 
18. Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Put): 
[•] 
 
(ii) Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) (Put) of each Note 
and 
method, 
if 
any, 
of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) Notice period: 
[As per Condition 9(f)]/[•] 
19. Change of Control Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 74 ---
- 74 - 
 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
20. Clean-up Call Option:  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
Clean-up Call Threshold: 
[As per Condition 9(e)]/[•]% 
 
 
 
21. Acquisition Event:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i)      Acquisition Target: 
[•] 
 
(ii)     Acquisition Completion Date: 
[•] 
 
(iii)  Acquisition Call Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] 
 
(iv)   Acquisition Notice Period: 
The period from the Issue Date to [ ]/[•] calendar days 
after the Acquisition Completion Date] 
22. Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
23. Early Redemption Amount:  
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or 
on event of default or other early 
redemption: 
[Not Applicable]/[•] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24. Form of Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
on [•] days’ notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [•] days’ notice] 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [•] days’ notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
25. New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
26. Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this paragraph 
relates to the date of payment, and not the end dates of 
interest periods for the purposes of calculating the 
amount of interest, to which sub-paragraph 15(v) 
relates] 
 
27. Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if, on exchange into 
definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are left.]

--- Page 75 ---
- 75 - 
 
 
 
Signed on behalf of Criteria Caixa, S.A., Sociedad Unipersonal : 
 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 76 ---
- 76 - 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING 
 
  
 
(i) Admission to Trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext 
Dublin with effect from [•].] Application is expected to be 
made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Irish 
Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin with effect 
from [•]. 
(When documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
(ii) Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[•] 
2. 
RATINGS 
[Note Applicable]/[The Notes to be issued [have been/are 
expected to be] rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings 
assigned to Notes of this type issued under the Programme 
generally]: 
 
Ratings: 
[Moody’s: [•]] 
 
 
[Fitch: [•]] 
 
 
[Standard & Poor’s: [•]] 
 
 
[[Other]: [•]]] 
 
 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation and details of whether 
rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
and registered in the UK or certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
“EU CRA Regulation”). [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] appears on the 
latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies 
(as of [insert date of most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal 
name of credit rating agency], which is established in the 
UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
“UK CRA Regulation”).]/[[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”).]/[[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has not been certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”) and the rating it has given to the Notes is not

--- Page 77 ---
- 77 - 
 
 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA, not registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation but has applied for 
registration and details of whether rating is endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established and registered in the UK 
or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and has applied 
for registration under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the “CRA Regulation”), although notification of 
the corresponding registration decision has not yet been 
provided by the [relevant competent authority]/[European 
Securities and Markets Authority]. [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit 
rating agencies (as of [insert date of most recent list]) on the 
ESMA website http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed by 
[insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”).]/[[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”).]/[[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”) and the rating it has 
given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation.] 
 
 
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA, not registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation and not applied for 
registration and details of whether rating is endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established and registered in the UK 
or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and is neither 
registered nor has it applied for registration under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the “EU CRA 
Regulation”). [[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] appears on the latest 
update of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of 
[insert date of most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal 
name of credit rating agency], which is established in the 
UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
“UK CRA Regulation”).]/[[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the

--- Page 78 ---
- 78 - 
 
 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”).]/[[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has not been certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”) and the rating it has given to the Notes is not 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
Option 4 - CRA established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation and details of whether rating is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established and 
registered in the EEA or certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”). [[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] appears on the latest 
update of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of 
[insert date of most recent list]) on [FCA]. [The rating 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has given to the Notes to be issued under 
the Programme is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit 
rating agency], which is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”).] [[Insert legal name 
of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”).] [[Insert legal name 
of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the “UK CRA Regulation”) and 
the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA and registered under 
the EU CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
Option 5 - CRA not established in the EEA or the UK but 
relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA which is established 
and registered under the EU CRA Regulation AND/OR 
under the UK CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA or the UK 
but the rating it has given to the Notes to be issued under 
the Programme is endorsed by [[insert legal name of credit 
rating agency], which is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”)][and][[insert legal 
name of credit rating agency], which is established in the 
UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
“UK CRA Regulation”)]. 
 
 
Option 6 - CRA not established in the EEA or the UK and 
relevant rating is not endorsed under the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation but CRA is 
certified under the EU CRA Regulation AND/OR under 
the UK CRA Regulation

--- Page 79 ---
- 79 - 
 
 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA or the UK 
but is certified under [Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”)][and][Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”]. 
 
 
Option 7 - CRA neither established in the EEA or the UK 
nor certified under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation and relevant rating is not endorsed under 
the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA or the UK 
and is not certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, 
as amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”) or Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”) and 
the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in either the EEA and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation or in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation. 
 
 
 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the statement below:) 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and 
their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the  EU Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[•] 
 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
 
 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
 
 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal 
name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the date hereof, 
[[administrator 
legal 
name][appears]/[does 
not 
appear]][repeat 
as 
necessary] 
in 
the 
register 
of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained

--- Page 80 ---
- 80 - 
 
 
by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators 
and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation]/[As 
far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, [specify 
benchmark] does not fall within the scope of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011, as amended apply, such that [name of 
administrator] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the 
European 
Union, 
recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence)]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper, and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or 
all times during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] /  
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
6. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(ii) If syndicated: 
(A) Names of Dealers 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(B) 
Stabilisation Manager(s), if 
any: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
 
 
(iv) U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg S Compliance Category 2; [TEFRA C/TEFRA 
D/TEFRA not applicable] 
7. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[  ] [See [“Use of Proceeds”] in Base Prospectus”/Give 
details] [If reasons differ from what is disclosed in the Base 
Prospectus, give details here.] 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[  ]

--- Page 81 ---
- 81 - 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be used for financing general corporate needs of the Issuer. 
If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 82 ---
- 82 - 
 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM  
Clearing System Accountholders 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Note in bearer form, references in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes to “Noteholder” are references to the bearer of the relevant Global Note which, 
for so long as the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary, in the case of a CGN, or a 
common safekeeper, in the case of an NGN for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as the case may be, 
common safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note (each an “Accountholder”) must 
look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant clearing system (as 
the case may be) for such Accountholder’s share of each payment made by the Issuer to the holder of such 
Global Note and in relation to all other rights arising under such Global Note. The extent to which, and the 
manner in which, Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under a Global Note will be determined 
by the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant 
clearing system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by a Global Note, 
Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due under the Notes 
and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the holder of such Global Note. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as they 
apply to the Global Note. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note which, according to the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes, require presentation and/or surrender of a Note, Note Certificate or Coupon will be made against 
presentation and (in the case of payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of 
the Global Note to or to the order of any Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the 
corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of the Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of 
principal or interest is made in respect of the Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that in respect of a CGN 
the payment is noted in a schedule thereto and in respect of an NGN the payment is entered pro rata in the 
records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Payment Business Day: If the currency of payment is euro, any day which is a T2 Settlement Day and a 
day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
or, if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign currencies 
may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre.. 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 9(f) (Redemption at the option 
of Noteholders) the bearer of the Permanent Global Note must, within the period specified in the Conditions 
for the deposit of the relevant Note and put notice, give written notice of such exercise to the Fiscal Agent 
specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of which such option is being exercised. Any such 
notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 9(c) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, the Permanent Global Note 
may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions 
and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the Conditions but in accordance with the 
rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion). 
Exercise of put option or Change of Control Put Option: In order to exercise the option contained in 
Condition 9(f) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders) or Condition 9(g) (Change of Control Put Option) 
the bearer of a Permanent Global Note must, within the period specified in the Conditions for the deposit 
of the relevant Note give notice of such exercise to the Fiscal, in accordance with the rules and procedures 
of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, specifying the principal 
amount of Notes in respect of which such option is being exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable 
and may not be withdrawn. 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 19 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent 
Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) and the Permanent Global 
Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are) deposited with a depositary 
or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing

--- Page 83 ---
- 83 - 
 
 
system or a common safekeeper, notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such 
notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) 
on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system, except that, for so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin and it is a 
requirement of applicable law or regulations, such notices shall also be published, except that, for so long 
as such Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin and it is a requirement of applicable law or 
regulations, such notices shall also be published in a leading newspaper having general circulation in Ireland 
or published on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/).  
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution: While any Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system, 
then:  
(a)  
approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer given by way of electronic consents communicated 
through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance 
with their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. 
in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding (an “Electronic Consent” as defined in the Agency 
Agreement) shall, for all purposes (including matters that would otherwise require an 
Extraordinary Resolution to be passed at a meeting for which a special quorum was satisfied), take 
effect as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held, 
and shall be binding on all Noteholders and holders of Coupons, Talons and Receipts whether or 
not they participated in such Electronic Consent; and  
(b)  
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a Written 
Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) has been validly passed, the Issuer shall be 
entitled to rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer by (a) 
accountholders in the clearing system with entitlements to such Global Note and/or, where (b) the 
accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of another person, on written consent from or 
written instruction by the person identified by that accountholder as the person for whom such 
entitlement is held. For the purpose of establishing the entitlement to give any such consent or 
instruction, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely on any certificate or other document issued by, in the 
case of (a) above, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant alternative clearing 
system (the “relevant clearing system”) and, in the case of (b) above, the relevant clearing system 
and the accountholder identified by the relevant clearing system for the purposes of (b) above. Any 
resolution passed in such manner shall be binding on all Noteholders and Couponholders, even if 
the relevant consent or instruction proves to be defective. Any such certificate or other document 
shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding for all purposes. Any such 
certificate or other document may comprise any form of statement or print out of electronic records 
provided by the relevant clearing system (including Euroclear’s EUCLID or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg’s CreationOnline system) in accordance with its usual procedures and in which the 
accountholder of a particular principal or nominal amount of the Notes is clearly identified together 
with the amount of such holding. The Issuer shall not be liable to any person by reason of having 
accepted as valid or not having rejected any certificate or other document to such effect purporting 
to be issued by any such person and subsequently found to be forged or not authentic.

--- Page 84 ---
- 84 - 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
1.1 
History and development of the Issuer 
1.1.1 
Legal status 
The Issuer and its subsidiaries form the “CriteriaCaixa Group” or the “Group”. “la Caixa” Foundation is 
the sole shareholder of the Issuer and the parent company of the CriteriaCaixa Group. 
The Issuer has its registered office in the city of Palma (Balearic Islands), at Plaza Weyler, 3 (contact 
telephone number (+34) 93 409 21 21) with Tax Identification Number (N.I.F.) A-63379135 and is 
registered in the Palma de Mallorca Companies Register volume 2,733, page 82, sheet PM-82,742, 
inscription 2 with global LEI code 959800DQQUAMV0K08004. The Issuer’s website is 
www.criteriacaixa.com (unless specifically incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, information 
contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus).  
“la Caixa” Foundation is governed by Law 26/2013, of 27 December, on savings banks and banking 
foundations (Ley 26/2013, de 27 de diciembre, de cajas de ahorros y fundaciones bancarias) as 
subsequently developed by the Bank of Spain through the Circular 6/2015, of 17 November 2015 and the 
Circular 7/2016, of 29 November 2016, issued pursuant to the authorisation provided by Royal Decree 
877/2015, of 2 October 2015 (Real Decreto 877/2015, de 2 de octubre, de desarrollo de la Ley 26/2013, 
de 27 de diciembre, de cajas de ahorros y fundaciones bancarias, por el que se regula el fondo de reserva 
que deben constituir determinadas fundaciones bancarias) (the “Savings Banks and Banking 
Foundations Law”). Pursuant to the legal framework established by the Saving Banks and Banking 
Foundations Law, the banking foundations that hold a stake, directly or indirectly, of at least 30% in a credit 
entity must present on an annual basis a protocol for managing the bank investee, a basic Financial Plan 
supervised by the Bank of Spain and an Annual Corporate Governance Report, which is supervised by the 
Ministry of Economic Affairs and Digital Transformation. 
CriteriaCaixa is governed by Royal Decree Legislative 1/2010, of 2 July 2010, approving the consolidated 
text of the Spanish Companies Act (Ley de Sociedades de Capital) (the “Spanish Companies Act”) and 
any developing and implementing regulation. Additionally, due to the fact that CriteriaCaixa’s sole 
shareholder is a banking foundation and that, as at 31 December 2022, CriteriaCaixa held a 32.24% stake 
in CaixaBank (on an accounting basis), CriteriaCaixa is indirectly subject to the Savings Banks and Banking 
Foundations Law and to the requirements and supervision of Spanish public authorities mentioned in the 
previous paragraph.  
1.1.2 
Incorporation process 
CriteriaCaixa, formerly Criteria CaixaHolding, S.A.U. (prior to that Servihabitat XXI, S.A.U. and, 
originally, Gestora de Microfinances, S.A.U.), was incorporated on 16 December 2003 and is incorporated 
for an indefinite duration.  
The corporate resolutions whereby the company name was changed from Gestora de Microfinances, S.A.U. 
to Servihabitat XXI, S.A.U. were adopted on 16 July 2007 and executed in a public deed on 25 July 2007. 
On 18 December 2013, the Issuer adopted the name Criteria CaixaHolding, S.A.U. pursuant to the reverse 
merger of Servihabitat XXI, S.A.U. (the absorbing company) and Criteria CaixaHolding, S.A.U. (the 
absorbed company). On 7 October 2015, the decisions adopted by the sole shareholder of the Issuer 
modifying the corporate name from Criteria CaixaHolding, S.A.U. to Criteria Caixa, S.A.U. were signed 
before a notary public and placed on public record. 
1.1.3 
European Central Bank’s (ECB) loss of supervision 
In 2017, pursuant to the decision adopted by the Governing Council of the ECB, CriteriaCaixa ceased to 
be considered as a mixed financial holding company for the purposes of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 and 
the parent of a financial conglomerate (CaixaBank), and was no longer required to comply with the capital 
requirements of the Capital Requirements Regulation; and, additionally, the Single Resolution Board 
considered that the scope of the Capital Requirements Regulation did not apply to the CriteriaCaixa Group. 
Within this framework, in the event significant changes regarding CaixaBank’s current situation were to 
take place, this decision could eventually be revisited by the ECB. 
1.1.4 
The corporate structure of the CriteriaCaixa Group  
As at 31 December 2022, CriteriaCaixa’s GAV amounted to EUR24,585 million (EUR23,805 million as at 
31 December 2021). Deducting CriteriaCaixa’s gross debt (“Gross Debt”), its NAV totalled EUR19,663 
million (EUR18,092 million as at 31 December 2021).

--- Page 85 ---
- 85 - 
 
 
As at 31 December 2022, the CriteriaCaixa Group’s corporate structure was as follows:  
 
1.1.5 
Main developments after 31 December 2022 
Senior bond maturity 
On 10 May 2023, Criteria’s senior bond with an aggregate principal amount of EUR750 million and an 
annual coupon of 1.50% matured. 
Dividend distribution 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board of Trustees of “la Caixa” Foundation has resolved to 
distribute dividends for an aggregate total amount of EUR210 million charged against its share premium, 
according to the following calendar: 
▪ 
16 February 2023: EUR60 million paid on 17 March 2023. 
▪ 
27 April 2023: EUR80 million paid on 31 May 2023. 
▪ 
15 June 2023: EUR70 million (expected to be to be paid in within two months from 15 June 2023). 
See also “⸻1.8 Dividends paid to the sole shareholder”. 
1.2 
Business Overview 
The CriteriaCaixa Group has a dual mission: (i) to provide, through dividend distributions, the resources 
needed by “la Caixa” to develop and implement its social, welfare, cultural, research and educational 
initiatives and (ii) to grant perpetuity and growth to “la Caixa” Foundation’s wealth through value 
generation. 
(i) 
Welfare projects  
“la Caixa” is the largest charitable foundation in Spain, and one of the largest foundations in Europe in 
terms of social investment, which was incorporated in 1904. “la Caixa” directly manages its welfare 
projects. Its mission is to build a better and fairer society, by providing more opportunities to those who 
most need them and furthering its firm commitment of improving the present and future lives of people.

--- Page 86 ---
- 86 - 
 
 
The welfare projects undertaken by “la Caixa” intend to be a point of reference for society in developing 
lasting solutions that: 
▪ 
Meet the basic needs of the most vulnerable people. 
▪ 
Foster the progress of the society, by responding to new challenges in research, high quality 
training and education. 
▪ 
Make science and culture available to all segments of the society. 
For over 115 years, Obra Social “la Caixa” has been promoting worthy causes in the realms of society, 
research, education, culture and science, focusing on three core values: social commitment, excellence and 
trust.  
Over the last ten years, it has managed an aggregate budget of around EUR5,000 million. “la Caixa” spent 
EUR508 million in 2022 in “social investments” (inversión social) (EUR494 million in 2021). A EUR538 
million budget has been set aside for the year 2023. 
For the year ended 31 December 2022, 56.9% of the 2022 social investments were allocated to social 
programmes, 22.1% to culture and science, 10.6% to research and health and 10.4% to education and 
fellowships. The most significant activities within its four main categories of activities were the following: 
▪ 
Social activities: fighting against poverty, promoting labour insertion and improving elderly 
people’s living conditions, comprehensive end-of-life care and facilitating access to housing, 
among others. 
▪ 
Culture and science: “la Caixa” owns eight leading cultural and science centres in the most relevant 
Spanish cities. In addition, “la Caixa” promotes itinerant exhibitions as well as alliances with other 
leading museums in Spain and abroad. 
▪ 
Education and fellowships: offering educational programmes, activities and resources to improve 
the learning opportunities of children while empowering teachers’ skills as key players of this 
transformative project. 
▪ 
Research and health: focusing on, among other things, infectious diseases, oncology, 
cardiovascular diseases and neurosciences, as well as fellowships programmes in Spain and 
abroad. 
Therefore, “la Caixa” Foundation has, throughout its history, always demonstrated a strong commitment to 
society and a vocation to improve well-being in general, both through all the activities, projects and 
initiatives described above, which are aligned with most of the United Nation’s (“UN”) Sustainable 
Development Goals, and through its involvement in the United Nations Compact, of which it is a member 
since 2005. 
Furthermore, in 2021, the Economic and Social Council of the UN (“ECOSOC”) granted “la Caixa” 
Foundation special consultative status, which is the highest recognition given by the UN to non-
governmental organisations, enabling “la Caixa” Foundation to take part in the organisation’s work and 
contribute to its agenda.  
This recognition means that ECOSOC can ask “la Caixa” Foundation for advice, specific information and 
to carry out studies which the UN Secretary General can share with the members of the Council. It also 
enables the Foundation to attend international conferences and events at the UN, make written and oral 
statements, organise parallel events within the UN context, access UN facilities and build up its network. 
The website of the “la Caixa” Foundation is www.fundacionlacaixa.org (unless specifically incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus, information contained on any website referred to in this Base 
Prospectus does not form part of this Base Prospectus). 
(ii) 
Wealth management 
The investment and financial principles of CriteriaCaixa are the following: 
Investment principles 
CriteriaCaixa’s investment principles can be summarised as follows: 
▪ 
Supporting businesses that make up the Strategic Portfolio, through active management within the 
company as a relevant shareholder and, when we sit on their governing bodies, by helping to shape 
their strategy.

--- Page 87 ---
- 87 - 
 
 
▪ 
Managing the Diversification Portfolio, with the aim of creating long-term value by achieving a 
greater number of names, industries, geographies and asset classes. 
▪ 
Investing in leading companies and in sectors flagged as showing greater growth potential, 
moderate risk and attractive returns. 
▪ 
Prioritising liquid assets to ensure a regular flow of income. 
▪ 
Investing in companies that are committed on matters of sustainability and transparency and in 
contributing to society. In line with its Code of Ethics, Criteria does not invest directly in the arms, 
tobacco, strong alcoholic beverages, or gambling and betting industries, among others. 
CriteriaCaixa pursues an investment philosophy based on value creation, with a predominantly long-term 
vision that seeks to maintain a high-quality and well diversified portfolio (across sectors, companies, 
geographies and asset classes) capable of generating dividends or recurring returns and focusing on leading 
companies in their respective markets that are socially responsible and with a sound financial discipline.  
CriteriaCaixa invests in diversified key economic and strategic sectors which are currently divided in four 
different portfolios:  
(i) 
the banking portfolio, which comprises the stakes in CaixaBank, BEA and Inbursa;  
(ii) 
the industrial and services portfolio, which is comprised mainly of the stakes held in Naturgy 
(energy), Cellnex (telecommunications infrastructure), Telefónica (telecommunications); as 
well as by the so-called diversification portfolio, which comprises the stakes held in listed 
companies across different economic sectors (automotive, consumer, infrastructures, 
pharmaceutical, etc.), as well as in a limited number of unlisted companies, such as Saba 
(parking lots);  
(iii) 
a real estate portfolio business managed by wholly owned subsidiaries; and 
(iv) 
other assets, which include mainly listed fixed income assets and cash and cash equivalents. 
At present, a substantial portion of CriteriaCaixa’s portfolio comprises significant stakes in world-
renowned companies (such as CaixaBank, Naturgy, BEA, Inbursa, Cellnex and Telefónica), representing 
73.6% of its GAV as of 31 December 2022. For management purposes, these companies comprise the 
strategic portfolio within the listed equity portfolio. 
Additionally, with the aim of achieving greater diversification, CriteriaCaixa has been investing in new 
companies located in different geographies and in a variety of sectors comprising the diversification 
portfolio referred to above. These investments are intended to be carried out in OECD countries’ (mainly 
Europe and the United States) listed companies that offer dividend returns and/or growth potential, but 
without having a presence on their governing bodies to facilitate flexibility and the generation of liquidity. 
Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) considerations 
The most significant investees composing CriteriaCaixa’s portfolio (for example, CaixaBank and Naturgy) 
have well-defined ESG policies and strategies to reach a good position in the main ESG rankings.  
CriteriaCaixa also takes ESG aspects into consideration when analysing new potential investments and 
monitoring existing ones. As part of this assessment, CriteriaCaixa evaluates both the sector and industry 
in which the investee operates (in accordance with the Group’s negative screening policy) as well as its 
ESG performance. 
In the real estate business specifically, CriteriaCaixa’s aim is to support initiatives that promote sustainable 
management and environmental protection. For example, the Group’s real estate development activities 
and office rental properties continuously seek to ensure the highest possible energy and sustainability 
ratings and standards.  
In addition, the Group has various human resources policies in place which are rooted in building labour 
relations based on trust and respect, equal opportunities, open communication, proactivity and achieving 
excellence in the workplace.

--- Page 88 ---
- 88 - 
 
 
Financial principles 
The key features of CriteriaCaixa’s financial principles are as follows: 
▪ To maintain moderate debt levels that are sustainable in the mid/long run with a leverage ratio of 
around 20%.  
▪ To have a predominantly long-term debt maturity profile. 
▪ To use diversified funding sources to mitigate refinancing risk  
▪ Availability of committed credit facilities, obtaining additional liquidity as and when needed. 
▪ To actively manage interest rate risk. 
▪ Commitment to maintaining an investment grade credit rating. 
These investment and financial principles are intended to continue allowing CriteriaCaixa to fulfil its 
mission with the “la Caixa” Foundation. 
GAV and NAV evolution 
As at 31 December 2022, CriteriaCaixa’s GAV amounted to EUR24,585 million (EUR23,805 million as at 
31 December 2021) and 82.6% of such GAV corresponded to listed companies (81.4% as at 31 December 
2021).  
As at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, the GAV was distributed as follows:  
 
31 December 2022 
31 December 2021 
 
EUR million 
CaixaBank 
8,883 
5,839 
Inbursa 
956 
643 
The Bank of East Asia 
578 
645 
Listed banking portfolio 
10,417 
7,127 
Naturgy 
6,295 
7,414 
Cellnex 
952 
1,503 
Telefónica 
424 
285 
Diversification Portfolio 
2,221 
3,038 
Listed industrial and services portfolio 
9,892 
12,240 
Non-listed equities 
838 
846 
Real estate business 
2,740 
2,585 
Fixed income and other assets 
259 
216 
Cash and Cash Equivalents 
439 
791 
Total GAV 
24,585 
23,805

--- Page 89 ---
- 89 - 
 
 
As at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 Gross and Net Debt and other key financial indicators 
were as follows: 
 
31 December 2022 
31 December 2021 
 
EUR million 
Gross Debt 
4,922 
5,713 
Senior and exchangeable bonds 
2,117 
3,111 
Bilateral bank loans 
2,805 
2,602 
Cash and cash equivalents 
439 
791 
Net Debt 
4,483 
4,922 
NAV 
19,663 
18,092 
Gross LTV 
20.0% 
24.0% 
Net LTV 
18.6% 
21.4% 
Accrued average cost 
1.4% 
1.4% 
Average debt maturity 
2.5 years 
2.9 years 
CriteriaCaixa has continued to actively manage its debt in order to make its debt structure more flexible, 
maintain comfortable liquidity levels and extend maturities of both, debt and credit facilities. Moreover,  
the following bonds issued by CriteriaCaixa have matured: 
▪ EUR1,000 million senior bond with an annual coupon of 1.625% matured on 22 April 2022. 
▪ EUR750 million senior bond with an annual coupon of 1.50% matured on 10 May 2023. 
The new monetary policy environment in Europe, with high interest rates, has led to a change in how excess 
liquidity is managed by Criteria. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer operates with tighter cash 
levels (as opposed to in the past) and, by extension, maintains lower levels of Gross Debt, resulting in lower 
cash levels and lower gross debt reported for the year ended 31 December 2022 when compared to the year 
ended 31 December 2021. 
During the year ended 31 December 2022, CriteriaCaixa received a total of EUR834 million in dividends 
from its investees (EUR525 million during the year ended 31 December 2021), which together with EUR72 
million in financial expenses (EUR75 million during the year ended 31 December 2021) resulted in an ICR 
of 11.6x (7.0x for the year ended 31 December 2021).  
This business and financial profile reinforces CriteriaCaixa’s commitment to an investment grade rating. 
1.2.1 
Banking portfolio  
CriteriaCaixa’s banking portfolio includes the following companies (this section reflects the latest public 
information available regarding these companies as at the date of this Base Prospectus): 
CaixaBank (32.24%) 
CaixaBank is a leading financial group in retail banking in Spain, reinforcing this position following the 
merger with Bankia in the first quarter of 2021. It also controls 100% of Banco BPI, S.A.  
As at 31 December 2022, CaixaBank’s total business volumes (customer funds, and gross loans and 
advances to customers) amounted to EUR970 billion. It served over 20.2 million customers through a 
network of 4,400 branches in Spain and Portugal and its CET1 was 12.8% as at such date. 
The shares of CaixaBank are listed on the Spanish stock exchanges and CaixaBank is one of the components 
of the IBEX 35 stock market index, the Dow Jones Sustainability (DJS) index, the FTSE4Good index and 
the Advanced Sustainable Performance Index (ASPI).  
In May 2022, CaixaBank presented its 2022-2024 strategic plan which sets, as strategic pillars, to continue 
to improve customer service quality, to drive business growth, to strengthen the bank’s leadership in the

--- Page 90 ---
- 90 - 
 
 
retail market, to become the go-to bank for more businesses and to strengthen its position as a European 
benchmark for sustainability. The strategic plan, which is the first following the integration of Bankia, sets 
out a target of generating capital of approximately EUR9 billion, including EUR1.8 billion for its share 
buyback programme, which was distributed in 2022, as well as dividends and CET1 capital over 12% by 
the end of 2024.  
At the meeting of its Board of Directors held on 16 May 2022, CaixaBank, having received the relevant 
regulatory clearance, resolved to approve and initiate a share buyback programme for a maximum of EUR 
1.8 billion, in order to bring the CET1 ratio closer to the internal target.  
On 14 December 2022, CaixaBank announced that the buyback programme had been completed, having 
reached the maximum investment planned through the acquisition of 558,515,414 treasury shares, 
representing 6.93% (on an accounting basis) of CaixaBank’s share capital. Upon completion of the buyback 
programme,  the relevant actions for the reduction of the share capital were taken and on 13 January 2023 
the share capital decrease was registered with the commercial Registry of Valencia, which resulted in 
CriteriaCaixa’s stake increasing by 2.23% (on an accounting basis).  
As at 31 December 2022, in accordance with applicable regulations, CriteriaCaixa’s shareholding in 
CaixaBank was 32.24% (30.01% as at 31 December 2021). 
This transaction generated a positive impact of EUR263 million on the Criteria Group’s reserves. 
In March 2023, CriteriaCaixa received an aggregate amount of EUR558 million in dividends from 
CaixaBank (EUR354 million during the year ended 31 December 2022).  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, CriteriaCaixa has appointed 2 Directors in CaixaBank’s Board of 
Directors (2 out of 15). 
CaixaBank’s website is www.caixabank.es. The information contained on CaixaBank’s website does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been reviewed by the Issuer or the CBI. 
BEA (19.09%)  
BEA is a Hong Kong-based financial services group listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong, serving 
customers throughout “Greater China” (continental China and including Hong Kong, Taiwan and Macao) 
and beyond. BEA also operates one of the largest branch networks in Hong Kong. BEA’s wholly-owned 
subsidiary, The Bank of East Asia (China) Limited, operates one of the most extensive networks of any 
foreign bank in “Mainland China” (continental China and excluding Hong Kong, Taiwan and Macao). 
Overseas, BEA has established a presence in Southeast Asia, the United Kingdom and the United States. 
Worldwide, including Hong Kong and the rest of Greater China, BEA operates about 130 outlets. 
As at 31 December 2022, BEA’s total business volumes (loans and advances to customers at amortised 
cost, and customers’ deposits) amounted to HKD1,197 billion (approximately EUR144 billion at the euro 
exchange rate of 8.3136 as of 31 December 2022). Its CET1 was 15.8% as at such date. 
On 28 January 2022, BEA reached an agreement with Elliott Investment Management to acquire Elliott 
Investment Management’s 8.43% stake in BEA, subject to regulatory clearance and shareholder approval 
at an extraordinary general meeting which took place on 28 March 2022. On 11 April 2022, the conditions 
were fulfilled and the shares held by Elliott Investment Management were bought back by BEA. 
On 16 March 2022, CriteriaCaixa’s shareholding was diluted to 17.33% due to BEA’s scrip dividend and 
subsequently increased to 18.91% through the redemption of BEA’s shares following their acquisition from 
Elliott Investment Management’s Group on 20 April 2022.  
In October 2022, BEA launched a HKD500 million on-market share buyback programme, representative 
of 0.59% of its share capital, resulting in a 0.06% increase of CriteriaCaixa’s stake (from 18.91% to 18.97%) 
as at 31 December 2022.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, BEA has purchased on market shares under its buyback programme 
for an aggregate amount of HKD327 million representative of a 1.28% of its share capital, with a remaining 
HKD173 million available for further purchases, resulting in an increase of CriteriaCaixa’s stake up to 
19.09%.  
On 26 August 2022, BEA completed the sale of its Blue Care (health insurance) and Blue Cross (non-life 
insurance) subsidiaries to AIA Group Limited. The sale included a 15-year agreement for the exclusive 
distribution of non-life insurance with AIA. The total purchase amounted to approximately HKD2,331 
million (approximately EUR280 million at the euro exchange rate of 8.3163 as of 31 December 2022).

--- Page 91 ---
- 91 - 
 
 
During the year ended 31 December 2022, CriteriaCaixa received an aggregate amount of HKD503 million 
(EUR62 million) in dividends from BEA ((HKD300 million (approximately EUR32 million at the euro 
exchange rate of 8.3163 as of 31 December 2022) during the year ended 31 December 2021). This dividend 
included HKD244 million (approximately EUR31 million at the euro exchange rate of 8.3163 as of 31 
December 2022) for the special dividend of HKD0.48 per ordinary share that BEA declared on 7 September 
2022 as a result of the Blue Cross and the Blue Care disposals. 
In February 2023, BEA’s Board of Directors approved a second interim dividend of HKD0.17 per share, 
which represented an income for Criteria of HKD86 million (EUR10 million). 
An internal reassessment carried out by CriteriaCaixa as at 31 December 2022 revealed the need to 
recognise an impairment of EUR-400 million on CriteriaCaixa’s stake in BEA, to reflect its recoverable 
value (See “Risk Factors ⸻ 4. Financial risks ⸻ Impairment of equity portfolio”). 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, CriteriaCaixa has appointed 1 Director in BEA’s Board of Directors 
(1 out of 17). 
BEA’s website is www.hkbea.com. The information contained on BEA’s website does not form part of this 
Base Prospectus and has not been reviewed by the Issuer or the CBI. 
Inbursa (9.10%) 
Inbursa, founded in 1965, is a Mexican financial services group. It provides a wide range of financial and 
related services mainly in Mexico, principally in the areas of commercial banking, insurance, investment 
banking and asset management. Inbursa offers products in multiple segments with a single database and an 
integrated infrastructure. 
As at 31 December 2022, Inbursa’s total business volumes (total loan portfolio, retail deposits, insurance 
provisions and assets under management) amounted to MXN871 billion (approximately EUR42 billion at 
the euro exchange rate of 20.8560 as of 31 December 2022). It served over 12 million customers through a 
network of 648 branches and its CET1 was 21.9% as at such date. 
On 2 May 2022, the Annual General Meeting of Inbursa renewed its share buyback programme for a 
maximum amount of MXN5,000 million, which can be executed until the next Annual General Meeting. 
As a result of the implementation of this buyback programme, Inbursa held 8.15% of its own share capital 
as at 31 December 2022, with a remaining MXN 3,608 million (approximately EUR173 million at the euro 
exchange rate of 20.8560 as of 31 December 2022) available for further purchases. 
During the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, CriteriaCaixa did not receive any 
dividends from Inbursa.  
The stake held by CriteriaCaixa in Inbursa was 9.10% as at 31 December 2022.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, CriteriaCaixa has appointed 2 Directors in Inbursa’s Board of 
Directors (2 out of 14). 
Inbursa’s website is www.inbursa.com. The information contained on Inbursa’s website does not form part 
of this Base Prospectus and has not been reviewed by the Issuer or the CBI. 
1.2.2 
Industrial and services portfolio  
Criteria’s industrial portfolio includes, among others, the following companies (this section reflects the 
latest public information available regarding these companies as at the date of this Base Prospectus): 
Listed companies 
Naturgy (26.71%)  
Naturgy is a multinational group that is engaged in the generation, distribution and marketing of energy 
and service. Naturgy operates in regulated and deregulated gas and electricity markets, with a growing 
contribution from international activity in the following areas: gas and electricity distribution, electricity 
generation and marketing and gas infrastructure, supply and marketing.  
Naturgy’s model is developed through a large number of companies, mainly in Spain, Latin America 
(Argentina, Chile, Brazil, Mexico and Panama), Australia, the US and since 2022, Italy, where solar 
projects have been acquired.

--- Page 92 ---
- 92 - 
 
 
The shares of Naturgy are listed on the Spanish stock exchanges and Naturgy is one of the components of 
the IBEX 35 stock market index, as well as of international indices such as the MSCI Europe Index. 
Naturgy has committed to a EUR1.2 per share dividend policy in accordance with its 2021-2025 strategic 
plan. 
During the year ended 31 December 2022, CriteriaCaixa received an aggregate amount of EUR311 million 
in dividends from Naturgy (EUR331 million during the year ended 31 December 2021). 
In March 2023, Naturgy’s Board of Directors approved a final dividend of EUR0.50 per share, which 
represented an income for CriteriaCaixa of EUR129 million. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, CriteriaCaixa has appointed three Directors in Naturgy’s Board of 
Directors (3 out of 12). 
Gemini Project 
On 10 February 2022, Naturgy announced the beginning of the Gemini project. However, at the end of 
2022, this project was postponed and there is no visibility in relation to a potential implementation date. 
Gemini entails the split of Naturgy’s current businesses into two large listed groups that will maintain the 
current shareholder composition. The division will allow Naturgy, among other things, to simplify and 
focus the management of each of these two groups to accelerate Naturgy’s strategic plan, boosting growth 
and their contribution to the energy transition. 
One of the groups will manage in an integrated manner the liberalised businesses, which comprise the 
development of renewable energies, the portfolio of energy customers and associated services, the 
conventional generation business that ensures energy supply as well as the management of wholesale 
energy markets. 
The other group will bring together all businesses dedicated to the management of regulated energy 
distribution and transmission infrastructures. 
The stake held by CriteriaCaixa in Naturgy was 26.71% as at 31 December 2022.  
Naturgy’s website is www.naturgy.com. The information contained on Naturgy’s website does not form 
part of this Base Prospectus and has not been reviewed by the Issuer or the CBI. 
Cellnex (4.36%) 
Cellnex is Europe’s leading operator of wireless telecommunications and broadcasting infrastructures, with 
a portfolio of 135,000 sites, of which approximately 112,000 are already operative and the rest in the 
process of finalisation or planned roll-outs up to 2030. Cellnex operates in Spain, Italy, Netherlands, France, 
Switzerland, the UK, Ireland, Portugal, Austria, Denmark, Sweden and Poland. Cellnex’s business is 
structured in four major areas: telecommunications infrastructure services; audiovisual broadcasting 
networks, security and emergency service networks and solutions for smart urban infrastructure and 
services management (Smart cities and the “Internet of Things” (IoT)).  
In November 2022, Cellnex announced a new strategic plan, focusing on organic growth, consolidating the 
industrial project in the countries where it operates as at the date of this Base Prospectus, and focusing on 
balance sheet management to achieve the goal of 'investment grade' from Standard & Poor's by no later 
than 2024. 
In addition, on 1 June 2023, Cellnex’s Annual General Meeting approved an increase in the number of 
members of its Board of Directors to 13 members and the appointment of Marco Patuano as new CEO, 
succeeding Tobias Martínez. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board of Directors of Cellnex is comprised of nine independent 
directors, representing 69% of the Board of Directors, three proprietary directors (one representing TCI, 
one representing Edizione and one representing GIC, as reference shareholders) and one executive director, 
therefore complying with the Good Governance recommendations for Listed Companies issued by the 
CNMV. 
The shares of Cellnex are listed on the Spanish stock exchanges and Cellnex is one of the components of 
the IBEX 35 and EuroStoxx 100 stock market indices, being also present in the main sustainability indexes, 
such as Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP), Sustainalytics, FTSE4Good, MSCI and Standard Ethics.

--- Page 93 ---
- 93 - 
 
 
During 2022, Criteria purchased 1,433,844 shares in Cellnex representing 0.21% of its share capital for an 
amount of EUR56 million.  
The stake held by CriteriaCaixa in Cellnex was 4.36% as at 31 December 2022.  
Cellnex’s website is www.cellnex.com. The information contained on Cellnex’s website does not form part 
of this Base Prospectus and has not been reviewed by the Issuer or the CBI. 
Telefónica (2.40%) 
Telefónica is one of the world’s leading telecommunications service providers. The company offers fixed 
and mobile connectivity services, as well as a wide range of digital services for individuals and businesses. 
It is present in Europe and Latin America where it had approximately 383 million customer access points 
as at 31 December 2022. 
The shares of Telefónica are listed on the Spanish stock exchanges as well as on the New York and Lima 
stock exchanges and Telefónica is one of the components of the IBEX 35 stock market index. 
The stake held by CriteriaCaixa in Telefónica was 1.28% as at 31 December 2021. Following the 
redemption of treasury shares by Telefónica in April 2022, Telefónica’s scrip dividend and certain 
acquisition of shares in the market, CriteriaCaixa’s stake in Telefónica amounted to 2.17% as at 31 
December 2022. 
During the year ended 31 December 2022, CriteriaCaixa received an aggregate amount of EUR29 million 
in dividends from Telefónica (EUR24 million during the year ended 31 December 2021) of which EUR 18 
million was paid in cash while the remaining EUR11 million was paid in shares of Telefónica.  
In April 2023, Telefónica’s Board of Directors redeemed 24,779,409  treasury shares, confirmed the second 
tranche of the 2022 dividend of €0.15 per share in cash to be paid on 15 June 2023  and announced another 
cash dividend of €0.30 per share of which 50% will be paid on 14 December 2023 (€0.15 per share) and 
the remaining 50% will be paid in June 2024 (€0.15 per share). The relevant corporate resolutions approving 
the second tranche of the dividend were duly approved by Telefónica’s Annual General Meeting held on 
31 March 2023. 
Following the redemption of the 24,779,409 treasury shares in April 2023 and certain acquisition of shares 
in the market, CriteriaCaixa’s stake in Telefónica amounted to 2.40% at the date of this prospectus. 
Telefónica’s website is www.telefonica.com. The information contained on Telefónica’s website does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been reviewed by the Issuer or the CBI. 
Diversification portfolio 
Additionally, CriteriaCaixa’s listed equity portfolio includes more than 80 companies from around 15 
different countries and its market value as at 31 December 2022 was EUR2,221 million. Most of the names 
included in its equity portfolio are large companies that are leaders in their respective industries, with 
approximately 67% of them being large cap companies (i.e., companies with a stock market capitalisation 
of over EUR10,000 million) based on Bloomberg’s market capitalisation data as at 31 December 2022. 
One of the companies included in this portfolio was Suez, S.A. (“Suez”). On 30 June 2021, the French 
Company Veolia Environnement S.A. (“Veolia”) filed a final takeover bid targeting all the shares of Suez 
with the French Stock Market regulator. The offering consisted of the payment of EUR19.85 per Suez share, 
net of dividends paid by Suez following the initial announcement of the takeover bid. 
On 14 December 2021, the European Commission authorised the acquisition of Suez by Veolia and on 18 
January 2022, Veolia proceeded to settle the takeover bid. As a result, Criteria has disposed of the entirety 
of its stake in Suez, receiving EUR736.6 million in exchange for its shares in Suez. 
Additionally, CriteriaCaixa made net investments in this portfolio (excluding the EUR736.6 million from 
Suez divestments) for an amount of EUR249 million during the year ended 31 December 2022. 
Non-listed companies 
Saba (99.52%) 
Saba is an international car park operator in the development of solutions in the field of urban mobility, 
specialising in car park management. As at 31 December 2022, Saba was present in 179 cities in nine 
countries in Europe and Latin America, managing 1,950 car parks and 333,379 parking spaces.

--- Page 94 ---
- 94 - 
 
 
In June 2022, CriteriaCaixa initiated a divestment process to sell the car park business it held through its 
stake in Saba Infraestructuras. As a result, the assets and liabilities related to the car park management 
business of the Saba Infraestructuras group were considered assets and liabilities forming disposal groups 
held for sale in CriteriaCaixa’s audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended 31 
December 2022. In addition, all revenues and expenses for the year ended 31 December 2022 are shown as 
results from discontinued operations as these are considered a significant activity. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the divestment process of Saba is still on-going. 
The stake held by CriteriaCaixa in Saba was 99.52% as at 31 December 2022. During the years ended 31 
December 2022 and 31 December 2021, CriteriaCaixa did not receive any dividends from Saba. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, CriteriaCaixa has appointed all the members of Saba’s Board of 
Directors (15 out of 15). 
Saba’s website is www.saba.es. The information contained on Saba’s website does not form part of this 
Base Prospectus and has not been reviewed by the Issuer or the CBI. 
Caixa Capital Risc (100%) 
Caixa Capital Risc, S.G.E.I.C, S.A. (“Caixa Capital Risc”) is the venture capital arm of CriteriaCaixa. 
Caixa Capital Risc manages 11 investment funds and undertakings in private equity companies which invest 
in innovative companies with high growth potential during the start-up and ramp-up stages, supporting 
them throughout the different stages of their development. Caixa Capital Risc’s team of professionals 
focuses on identifying, analysing, investing in and supporting innovative companies focused on emerging 
sectors, notably in the life sciences, technology and industrial areas. 
The stake held by CriteriaCaixa in Caixa Capital Risc was 100% as at 31 December 2022. 
Caixa Capital Risc’s website is www.caixacapitalrisc.es. The information contained on Caixa Capital 
Risc’s website does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been reviewed by the Issuer or the 
CBI. 
Aigües de Barcelona (15.0%) 
Aigües de Barcelona, Empresa Metropolitana de Gestió del Cicle Integral de l’Aigua, S.A. (“Aigües de 
Barcelona”) manages the full water cycle, from collection to treatment, transport and distribution. The 
company is also entrusted with the wastewater treatment and purification service to return this water to the 
environment or reuse it. Aigües de Barcelona provides drinking water distribution services to 23 
municipalities (approximately, 3 million people), the wastewater treatment and purification serviced to all 
40 municipalities, 36 of which are located in the Barcelona metropolitan area (3.4 million people). 
The stake held by CriteriaCaixa in Aigües de Barcelona was 15.0% as at 31 December 2022. 
Aigües de Barcelona’s website is www.aiguesdebarcelona.cat. The information contained on Aigües de 
Barcelona’s website does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been reviewed by the Issuer or 
the CBI. 
1.2.3 
Real estate business  
The management of the real estate assets of the CriteriaCaixa Group has been carried out internally since 
2017 by the directly wholly-owned subsidiary Inmo Criteria Caixa, S.A.U. (“InmoCriteria”) which has an 
experienced team of professionals and proprietary information systems designed to provide end-to-end 
support for the entire real estate management process. The internal management of the assets enables 
InmoCriteria to accomplish its targets, by gaining strategic flexibility to ensure that its exposure to the real 
estate sector is better suited to Criteria’s general strategy.

--- Page 95 ---
- 95 - 
 
 
The strategic lines of CriteriaCaixa Group’s real estate management business in the mid to long run can be 
summarised as follows: 
▪ 
Enhance the portfolio of real estate rental assets by increasing the weight of office assets.  
▪ 
Develop strategic land assets through projects to unlock real estate value.  
▪ 
Rotation: divestment of low-value assets to commercialise in order to fund the goals explained 
above.  
The table below provides the evolution of the net book value valuations of CriteriaCaixa Group’s real estate 
portfolio as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022. 
 
As at 31 December 2022, the CriteriaCaixa Group had a real estate portfolio with a net book value of 
EUR2,740 million, which is divided into the following type of assets: rental activity, strategic land for 
development and assets which are intended to be sold. The assets comprising CriteriaCaixa’s real estate 
portfolio are mainly distributed across Spain, with the main provinces as at 31 December 2022 being Madrid 
(27%), Barcelona (20%) and Tarragona (13%). 
Investments in the year ended 31 December 2022 amounted to EUR366 million and correspond mainly to 
the purchase two office buildings in Madrid (Paseo de la Castellana, 51 and calle Condesa de Venadito, 1) 
and, to a lesser extent, the investments made in the development of new residential property developments. 
As at 31 December 2022, the CriteriaCaixa Group’s portfolio of assets for rent had a net book value of 
EUR1,468 million, of which 20% was allocated to offices and 33% to residential properties. CriteriaCaixa’s 
strategy in respect of this portfolio’s net book value is to improve their long-term income and rebalancing 
from residential rentals to offices rentals. Properties are located throughout the Spanish territory. 
Specifically, the office rental segment is mainly concentrated in Madrid and Barcelona. 
The portfolio of strategic land for development had a net book value of EUR733 million as of 31 December 
2022, which comprised (i) special land projects and (ii) new construction.  
Special land projects are land under management for future development, mainly residential, which 
includes the following:  
▪ 
Infinitum resort, which lies on the Costa Daurada (Tarragona). Current uses allow for the 
development of approximately 2,300 housing units and approximately 250,000 sqm of hotel-
commercial use. The marketing of phase one (150 apartments) got under way in 2022, with 112 
units delivered during that year. It includes three golf courses, two clubhouses and a beach club, 
direct access to the beach and a varied gastronomic offer, all of which are already in operation.  
▪ 
Andorra, which is a land development in Encamp with building rights of 455,000 sqm and a variety 
of alternative uses. 
With regard to the development of new building works, as at 31 December 2022, a total of six developments 
were under construction and/or marketing, in locations such as Barcelona, Girona, two in Urdúliz (Vizcaya), 
Sanxenxo (Pontevedra) and Platja d’Aro (Girona), with a planned total of 345 housing units. 
As at 31 December 2022, the assets for sale consisted of a portfolio with a net book value of EUR539 
million. This portfolio comprises some 6,400 assets, mostly housing units, with a low unit value and 
2,585 
2021 
366 
187 
24 
2,740 
2022 
(€ million) 
* At cost of acquisition or production 
Investments 
Sales* 
Depreciation, 
amortisation, 
impairments 
and others

--- Page 96 ---
- 96 - 
 
 
distributed throughout all of Spain, which are held for sale based on the expected value of the property. 
This portfolio also includes, special land held for sale which has a net book value of EUR239 million as at 
31 December 2022 and comprises 124 assets.  
During the year ended 31 December 2022, sales of real estate assets by CriteriaCaixa increased by 69.5% 
(EUR222 million during the year ended 31 December 2022 and EUR131 million during the year ended 31 
December 2021). 
Rentals, grants, subsidies and other income contributed a total of EUR47 million during the year ended 31 
December 2022 (an increase of 2.2% when compared to the year ended 31 December 2021), mainly due an 
increase in leased space in the office segment, largely following the addition of the Condesa Venadito 
building towards the end of the first quarter of 2022. 
Operating expenses during the year ended 31 December 2022 amounted to EUR37 million (the same 
amount as for the year ended 31 December 2021). 
1.3 
Administration, Management and Supervision bodies 
1.3.1 
Members of Administration, Management and Supervision bodies 
Board of Directors of CriteriaCaixa 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the Board of Directors are:  
Name 
Position 
Type of 
director 
Executive/Non-
executive 
Last date of 
appointment 
Termination of 
appointment 
Isidre Fainé 
Casas 
Chairman 
Shareholders’ 
representative 
(dominical) 
Non-executive 
06/02/2020 
06/02/2024 
Javier Godó 
Muntañola 
Second 
Deputy 
Chairman 
Shareholders’ 
representative 
(dominical) 
Non-executive 
06/07/2020 
06/07/2024 
Marcelino 
Armenter 
Vidal 
Chief 
Executive 
Officer 
Executive 
Executive 
19/01/2023 
19/01/2027 
Enrique 
Alcántara-
García 
Irazoqui 
Director 
Independent 
Non-executive 
01/04/2020 
01/04/2024 
José Antonio 
Asiáin Ayala 
Director 
Independent 
Non-executive 
06/02/2020 
06/02/2024 
Marcos 
Contreras 
Manrique 
Director 
Independent 
Non-executive 
06/02/2020 
06/02/2024 
Jean-Louis 
Chaussade 
Director 
Independent 
Non-executive 
06/02/2020 
06/02/2024 
Isabel Estapé 
Tous  
Director 
Shareholders’ 
representative 
(dominical) 
Non-executive 
06/02/2020 
06/02/2024 
Eugenio Gay 
Montalvo 
Director 
Shareholders’ 
representative 
(dominical) 
Non-executive 
04/02/2021  
04/02/2025

--- Page 97 ---
- 97 - 
 
 
Name 
Position 
Type of 
director 
Executive/Non-
executive 
Last date of 
appointment 
Termination of 
appointment 
Josep-Delfí 
Guàrdia 
Canela 
Director 
Independent 
Non-executive 
06/02/2020 
06/02/2024 
Francesc 
Homs Ferret 
Director 
Shareholders’ 
representative 
(dominical) 
Non-executive 
06/02/2020 
06/02/2024 
Juan José 
López 
Burniol 
Director 
Shareholders’ 
representative 
(dominical) 
Non-executive 
06/07/2020 
06/07/2024 
Juan Manuel 
Negro 
Balbás 
Director 
Independent 
Non-executive 
02/01/2021 
02/01/2025 
Asunción 
Ortega 
Enciso 
Director 
Shareholders’ 
representative 
(dominical) 
Non-executive 
19/01/2023 
19/01/2027 
Montserrat 
Trapé 
Viladomat 
Director 
Independent 
Non-executive 
01/04/2020 
01/04/2024 
The position, type of director and its condition as executive/non-executive of all the directors listed above 
comply with Article 529(12) of the Spanish Companies Act.  
The business address of each member of the Board of Directors is Plaza Weyler 3, 07001 Palma, Spain. 
Executive Committee of CriteriaCaixa 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the Executive Committee are: 
Name 
Position 
Isidre Fainé Casas 
Chairman 
Marcelino Armenter Vidal 
Director 
José Antonio Asiáin Ayala 
Director 
Marcos Contreras Manrique 
Director 
Juan José López Burniol 
Director 
Audit and Control Committee of CriteriaCaixa 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the Audit and Control Committee are: 
Name 
Position 
Josep Delfí Guàrdia Canela 
Chairman 
Marcos Contreras Manrique 
Director 
Francesc Homs Ferret 
Director 
Appointments and Remuneration Committee of CriteriaCaixa 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the Appointments and Remuneration Committee are:

--- Page 98 ---
- 98 - 
 
 
Name 
Position 
José Antonio Asiáin Ayala 
Chairman 
Jean Louis Chaussade 
Director 
Isabel Estapé Tous 
Director 
Juan José López Burniol  
Director 
The Issuer’s Executive Committee and the Appointments and Remuneration Committee complies with 
Additional Provision Nine of the Spanish Companies Act. 
Principal activities engaged in by those persons outside CriteriaCaixa where these are significant with 
respect to the Issuer  
Isidro Fainé Casas: 
Born in Manresa, 1942. 
Mr. Fainé is chairman of the Board of Trustees of Fundación Bancaria Caixa d’Estalvis i Pensions de 
Barcelona, “la Caixa” and of its Executive Committee, and chairman of the Board of Directors of 
CriteriaCaixa and of its Executive Committee. He is also chairman of the Board of Directors of Inmo 
Criteria Caixa, S.A.U. and of Caixa Capital Risc, S.G.E.I.C., S.A., honorary chairman of Naturgy Energy 
Group, S.A., vice-chairman of the Board of Directors of Telefónica, S.A., and special advisor of the Board 
of The Bank of East Asia. 
He holds a Doctorate Degree in Economic Sciences from the University of Barcelona, an ISMP in Business 
Administration from Harvard University, and a post graduate degree in Senior Management at IESE. He is 
an academic at the Royal Academy of Economic and Financial Sciences (Real Academia de Ciencias 
Económicas y Financieras) and at the Royal European Academy of Doctors (Real Academia Europea de 
Doctores). 
Mr. Fainé began his professional banking career as director of Investment at Banco Atlántico in 1964 and 
was appointed managing director of Banco de Asunción in Paraguay in 1969. On his return to Barcelona, 
he held various management positions in financial institutions: staff director at Banca Riva y García (1973), 
Board member and managing director of Banca Jover (1974) and managing director of Banco Unión (1978). 
In 1982, he joined “la Caixa” as deputy-general director, subsequently taking on various positions of 
responsibility. In April 1991, he was appointed assistant executive managing director and in 1999, 
managing director of the entity, and assumed the Chair position in June 2007 until June 2014. Mr. Fainé 
served as chairman of CaixaBank, S.A. from 2011 until his resignation as a member of the Board of 
Directors in 2016 and as member of Suez, S.A. from October 2014 until October 2020. 
He is currently the chairman of the Spanish Confederation of Savings Banks (CECA), of the Saving Banks 
Foundation (Funcas) and of the World Savings Banks Institute (WSBI) and vice-chairman of the European 
Savings Banks Group (ESBG). 
He is also chairman of the Spanish Confederation of Directors and Executives (CEDE) and of the Spanish 
Chapter of the Club of Rome. He is vice-chairman of the Royal Academy of the Economic and Financial 
Sciences and founder of Círculo Financiero. Mr. Fainé is also a member of the Board of Trustees of the 
Prado Museum, trustee of the Carlos Slim Foundation and has been acknowledged with the 2018 Forbes 
Philanthropy Award. 
Javier Godó Muntañola: 
Born in Barcelona, 1941. 
Second vice-president of the Board of Directors of CriteriaCaixa since June 2014 and trustee of the 
Fundación Bancaria Caixa d’Estalvis i Pensions de Barcelona, “la Caixa” since June 2014. 
Graduated in Economics from the University of Barcelona. 
Currently he is president of the Multimedia Group Grupo Godó de Comunicación, S.A., editor of La 
Vanguardia, honorable president of El Mundo Deportivo’s Board of Directors and president of the real-
estate holding company Torre Bcn 477, S.L.

--- Page 99 ---
- 99 - 
 
 
Member of the Advisory Council of the Spanish Chapter of the Club of Rome. 
He is also chairman of the Conde de Barcelona Foundation, first deputy chairman of the Barcelona 
Economic Society of Friends of the Country, trustee of the Barcelona Museum of Contemporary Art 
(MACBA), Board member of the Museum of Modern Art in New York (MoMA) and member of the 
Advisory Board of Telefónica Spain. 
He was general adviser of the Assembly of Caja de Ahorros y Pensiones de Barcelona, ”la Caixa” on behalf 
of the Barcelona Economic Society of Friends of the Country (2003-2014), and member of the Board of 
Directors of Caja de Ahorros y Pensiones de Barcelona, ”la Caixa”, serving as third vice-chairman of the 
Board since June 2009 and as second vice-chairman since May 2012. He also was deputy chairman of the 
Fundación “la Caixa” (2013-2014), member of the Board of Directors of CaixaBank (2011-2014) and 
trustee of Ramon Llull University. 
Marcelino Armenter Vidal: 
Born in Las Palmas de Gran Canaria in 1957.  
He is currently CEO and member of the Executive Committee of Criteria Caixa, S.A.U. He has held both 
posts since March 2019. 
He holds a bachelor’s degree and a master’s degree in Business Administration and Management from 
ESADE Business School. 
He began his career at Arthur Andersen, before joining Hidroeléctrica de Cataluña. He has worked with “la 
Caixa” since 1985 holding various positions and responsibilities. From 1985 until 1988 he was the director 
of Internal Audit and Control of the Caixa Group. From 1988 to 1995 he was the manager of the Investee 
Area. From 1995 to 2001 he held the role of Chief Executive Officer of Banco Herrero. From 2001 to 2007 
he was the managing director of Caixa Holding. From 2007 to 2011 he held the post of executive deputy 
managing director of “la Caixa” (risks area). From 2011 to 2013 he was the managing director of Risk at 
CaixaBank. From 2013 until March 2019 he held the position of managing director of Criteria Caixa, S.A.U. 
From 2017 until October 2022, he held the position of chairman and CEO of the Board of Directors of 
Mediterranea Beach & Golf Community, S.A.U. 
Other posts which he currently holds include Board member of Inmo Criteria Caixa, S.A.U. since October 
2017, acting also as its first deputy chairman from September 2022, CEO of the management firm Caixa 
Capital Risc, S.G.E.I.C., S.A. since February 2002, acting also as its deputy chairman since October 2018, 
and Board member of Saba Infraestructuras, S.A. since September 2018. 
Enrique Alcántara-García Irazoqui: 
Born in Barcelona, 1944. 
Member of the Board of Directors of Criteria Caixa, S.A.U. since April 2020.  
He holds a Law degree from the University of Barcelona. He became a State Attorney in 1972.  
He has been Government delegate for the Port Authority of Barcelona and chairman of the Board of 
Directors of Títulos Barcelona, S.A. (SIM), Túnel del Cadí, S.A. and Dromogest, S.A. He has also been a 
member of the Board of Directors of Enagas, S.A., Gas Madrid, S.A., Torras Domenech, S.A. and Banco 
Herrero, S.A.  
He has been deputy chairman of the Board of Directors and member of the Executive Committee of Caja 
de Ahorros y Monte de Piedad de Barcelona (1979-1991), first deputy chairman (1990-1991) and second 
deputy chairman (1992-2000) of the Board of Directors of Caixa d’Estalvis i Pensions de Barcelona, ”la 
Caixa”, member of the Board of Directors of Naturgy Energy Group, S.A. and a member of its Audit 
Committee (1993–2020), deputy chairman of the Board of Trustees of ”la Caixa” Foundation (2000-2002), 
member of the Board of Directors (1993-2003), member of the Executive Committee (1999-2003) and 
member of the Audit and Control Committee (2002-2003) of ACESA, deputy chairman of the Board of 
Directors and member of its Executive Committee of Saba Aparcamientos, S.A., trustee of Óscar Tusquets 
Blanca Foundation, member of the Board of Directors of Unión Fenosa, S.A., trustee of Fundació Nou 
Mil·lenni and secretary of the Board of Directors of Abertis Telecom, S.A. (2004-2011). 
He is currently partner and administrator of Bufete Alcántara, S.L.P. In May 2021 he was appointed again 
as member of the Board of Directors of Naturgy Energy Group, S.A. He is also secretary of the Board of 
Directors of UPCNET, Serveis d’Accés a Internet de la Universitat Politècnica de Catalunya, S.L.U., of the 
Board of Directors of ITHINKUPC, S.L.U. and of the Board of Directors of Vila Universitària, S.L. He is

--- Page 100 ---
- 100 - 
 
 
also secretary of the Board of Trustees of Politècnica de Catalunya Foundation and of the Board of Trustees 
of Factor Humà Foundation. 
José Antonio Asiáin Ayala: 
Born in Pamplona, 1949. 
Since July 2012, member of the Board of Directors of Criteria CaixaHolding, a company which merged 
with Servihabitat XXI in December 2013, when he was appointed member of the Board of Directors of the 
current company CriteriaCaixa (the company arisen from the merger). He is a member of its Executive 
Committee since 2019, Chairman of the Appointments and Remunerations Committee since May 2019 and 
member since its creation in 2014.  
Graduate in Law (University of Navarre), he was an assistant lecturer in Tax Law during the school years 
2012 to 2014. He has been an attorney at the M.I. Colegio de Abogados de Pamplona since 1974 and 
founding partner since 1997 of the law firm Asiáin, Jiménez & Arredondo, specialised in civil and 
commercial matters, in which he currently practices. 
In 1974, he was appointed, following public examination, legal counsel to the Navarra County Council, 
where, until 1979, he attended to matters of legal counsel and was delegate in the concessionary company 
of the Navarra Motorway. He was Legal Counsel to the Parliament of Navarra (1979-1983). 
In 1980, he was appointed legal advisor of the Negotiating Commission of Reintegration and Enhancement 
of the Regional Government of Navarra. In 1983, he became, following a merit-based competition, legal 
advisor to the Government of Navarra, a position he held until 1984. 
Mr. Asiáin has been vice-president (1984-1991) and minister of the Presidency (1984-1987), in addition to 
Regional Economy and Treasury Minister (1987-1991) in the Government of Navarra. While holding these 
positions, he chaired the Board of Cooperation with the Spanish State, the Board for the Transfer of Powers, 
the Economic and Social Council, and the commission responsible for negotiating the current Economic 
Treaty with the Spanish state, on whose Arbitration Board he has been representing Navarre since 2003. 
He has belonged, holding different positions, to the Board of Directors of Caja de Ahorros de Navarra, 
Confederación Española de Cajas de Ahorros, Seguros de Navarra, S.A. and Banca Cívica, S.A, among 
other companies. 
He was a member of the Board of Directors of CaixaBank, S.A., in representation of Fundación Caja 
Navarra (2012-2013). 
Mr. Asiáin Ayala has been a speaker at various conferences and on a number of courses and has been 
published in legal and economic journals such as “Revista Jurídica de Navarra”, “Papeles de Economía 
Española” and “Economía Pública”. 
Jean-Louis Chaussade:  
Born in Châlons-sûr-Marne, 1951. 
Since October 2011, member of the Board of Directors of Criteria CaixaHolding, a company which merged 
with Servihabitat XXI in December 2013, when he was appointed member of the Board of Directors of the 
current company CriteriaCaixa (the company arisen from the merger). Member of the Appointments and 
Remunerations Committee since July 2019. 
ESTP Engineer (1976) and holder of a master's degree in Economics (Sorbonne, 1980). Graduate from the 
Institut d’Etudes Politiques in Paris (1980) and of AMP from Harvard Business School (1988). 
Joined Degrémont in 1978 and in 1989 was appointed Chief Operating Officer of Degrémont Spain. In 
1992, he became Chief Executive Officer of Dumez Copisa Spain. He was appointed member of the Board 
of Directors of Aguas de Barcelona in June 1996.  
He was appointed Chief Operating Officer of Lyonnaise des Eaux South America and Chief Operating 
Officer of SUEZ for South America in 1997. He served as chairman and Chief Executive Officer of 
Degrémont in 2000 and, in 2004, he became deputy CEO of SUEZ (currently Engie) and Chief Executive 
Officer of SUEZ Environnement (currently SUEZ). He served as CEO of SUEZ (Engie) from July 2008 
until May 2019, when he was appointed chairman of the Board of Directors of SUEZ (Engie), a position 
he held until May 2020.

--- Page 101 ---
- 101 - 
 
 
He is also deputy chairman of the French Chinese Committee since June 2021. Since 2007, he chaired the 
Delegation of French CEOs for the France-Arabian Peninsula of MEDEF International (French Business 
Association), becoming the chairman of the France-Algeria Business Council in October 2017. Since 
October 2016, he is the head of the Board of Governors of the University of Technology of Compiègne. In 
January 2017, he was appointed member of the Board of Directors of Kaufman & Broad. Since November 
2017, he is a member of the Board of Directors of the Institute for Responsible Capitalism. In October 2018, 
he was appointed deputy chairman of SIBAC (Seoul International Business Advisory Council). He was a 
member of the CMIA (Chongqin Mayor’s International Economic Advisory Board) until May 2020. 
Since January 2019, he is the chairman of the CSF Transformation et Valorisation des Déchets and special 
advisor of Accuracy since July 2019. He is also chairman of the Project “Mainstream” leaded by the Ellen 
Mac Arthur Foundation. 
He is an Officer of the French Légion d'Honneur. 
Marcos Contreras Manrique:  
Born in Seville, 1971. 
Since July 2012, member of the Board of Directors of Criteria CaixaHolding, a company which merged 
with Servihabitat XXI in December 2013, when he was appointed as member of the Board of Directors of 
the current company CriteriaCaixa (the company arisen from the merger). Member of the Audit and Control 
Committee since  its creation in 2014 and chairman of the referred Committee since December 2018 until 
November 2022. Member of the Executive Committee since its creation in July 2019. 
Graduated in Law from the University of Seville. He holds several Master’s degrees in Management of 
Real Estate Companies, an Undergraduate Degree in Senior Business Management and in Senior 
Management of Leading Companies, from the San Telmo International Institute. 
He began his professional career in the corporate sector, assuming management and executive positions in 
the Boards of Directors of the companies of the Grupo Vimac (2001-2009), focused on the construction of 
railway infrastructures and civil work. 
In 2009 he joined the Cajasol Business Corporation as executive vice-president, assuming the responsibility 
of coordination and organisation of the Group’s industrial portfolio. 
In 2011 he was appointed member of the Board of Directors of Banca Cívica, a company where he was 
also a member of the Executive Committee, of the Audit and Control Committee and of the Corporate 
Social Responsibility Committee. 
He was a member of the Board of Directors of Caser Seguros, S.A. (2009-2013), a member of the Board 
of Directors and of the Audit Committee of Deóleo, S.A. (2011-2012), vice-president of the Fundación 
Cajasol and director of the European Bank of Finances (2010-2018), where he was appointed vice-president 
in 2012. He was also president of the Audit Commission of the European Bank of Finances since its 
foundation (2016). 
He is a member of the Board of Directors of Hidralia, Gestión Integral de Aguas de Andalucía, S.A. and 
member of the Board of Directors of Cetursa Sierra Nevada, S.A. 
He is a member of the Distinguished Bar Association of Seville. 
Isabel Estapé Tous: 
Born in Barcelona, 1957. 
Member of the Board of Directors of CriteriaCaixa since December 2013. She was a member of the 
Executive Committee since its creation in March 2019 until March 2020. She was a member of the Audit 
and Control Committee of CriteriaCaixa since its creation in 2014 until March 2020 and chairwoman of 
said Committee until December 2018. She is a member of the Appointments and Remuneration Committee 
of CriteriaCaixa since its creation in 2014, being chairwoman of this Committee until May 2019. 
Graduated in Economics and Business Studies with a Cum Laude grade, from the Central University of 
Barcelona (Extraordinary Prize). 
Member of the Stock Exchange, acting as agent in Barcelona (1982-1989).

--- Page 102 ---
- 102 - 
 
 
Member of the Board of Directors of the Barcelona Stock Exchange (1989-1990). She was also a member 
of the Madrid Stock Exchange (1990-1995). 
She acts as notary in Madrid since the year 2000. 
She was a member of the Board of Directors of Criteria CaixaCorp, S.A. (now CaixaBank, S.A.) since its 
entry to the Stock Exchange (October 2007) and of its Executive Committee since its creation (May 2009). 
She was a member of the Board of Directors of CaixaBank, S.A. and chairwoman of its Appointments and 
Remuneration Committee until December 2013. 
She is currently trustee of the Caixa d’Estalvis i Pensions de Barcelona, ”la Caixa”, Banking Foundation 
since May 2018. She is also a member of the Board of Directors of Naturgy Energy Group, S.A. and of its 
Audit and Control Committee since March 2020. 
She is also a qualified auditor, member of the Spanish Directors’ Association (AED), of the International 
Women’s Forum, of the Spanish Confederation of Directors and Executives (CEDE), of the Business 
Council Alliance for Latin America (CEAPI) and of the Women Corporate Directors (WCD).  
She is a full member of the Royal Academy of Economic and Financial Sciences since October 2006. 
She is chairwoman of the Civic Panel, trustee of the Rojas Estapé Foundation and of the CIMA Foundation. 
She also works with several charitable organisations (Ciudad de la Alegría Foundation, ACNAR, 
CODESPA, etc.). 
Eugenio Gay Montalvo: 
Born in Barcelona, 1946. 
Member of the Board of Directors of CriteriaCaixa since March 2017 and trustee of the Fundación Bancaria 
Caixa d’Estalvis i Pensions de Barcelona, ”la Caixa” since June 2014. 
Graduated with a Bachelor Degree in Law from the University of Barcelona (1970) and graduated in 
Comparative Law at the Faculty of Comparative Law of Strasbourg (1971-1973). 
In 1971, he founded “Gay-Vendrell, Abogados”, with offices in Barcelona and Madrid. He is currently 
honorary chairman of the firm “Gay-Rosell & Solano Abogados”. 
He has been dean of the Illustrious Barcelona Bar Association (1989-1993, 1993-1997), chair of the General 
Council of Spanish Lawyers (1993-1997, 1997-2001), a founding member and first chairman of the 
European Bars Federation (FBE) (1992-1993) and chairman of its Human Rights Commission (1993-2001). 
He served as ex-officio counsellor (1993-2001), judge on the Constitutional Court (2001-2012) and vice-
president of the Constitutional Court (2011-2012). 
He is currently director of Revista Jurídica de Cataluña, full member of the Academy of Jurisprudence and 
Legislation of Catalonia and holds the same academic post at the Royal Academy of Economic and 
Financial Sciences of Madrid. 
He was also a founder of the Human Rights Institute of Catalonia and first director (1983-2001), president 
of the Professional Union (1993-2001), residing trustee of the Board of Trustees of the Ramón Llull 
University of Barcelona (1997-2001), arbitrator of the International Chamber of Commerce of Paris (ICC), 
chairman of the Catalan Arbitration Association presiding over the Barcelona Arbitration Court (TAB) 
(1989-1997), chairman of the IV Section of Jury of AACC, chairman of the Advertising Self-regulation 
Association (2012-2015), arbitrator of the Arbitration Court of the Chamber of Commerce of Madrid and 
arbitrator of the Barcelona Arbitration Court (TAB). 
Josep-Delfí Guàrdia Canela: 
Born in Balaguer (Lleida), 1945. 
Since July 2011, member of the Board of Directors of Criteria CaixaHolding, a company which with 
Servihabitat XXI in December 2013, when he was appointed member of the Board of Directors of the 
current company CriteriaCaixa (the company arisen from the merger). Chairman of the Audit and Control 
Committee since November 2022 and member of the referred Committee since July 2019. 
Law graduate from the University of Barcelona (1966), having obtained the Extraordinary Prize by public 
competition.

--- Page 103 ---
- 103 - 
 
 
He currently practices as Magistrate and chairman of the Constitutional Court of the Principality of Andorra. 
He was director of the Legal Advice department of Grupo Transports Metropolitans de Barcelona – TMB 
(1982-2010). For part of this time he was also secretary of the Board of Directors of the companies forming 
part of the Group. He was a member of the Board of Directors of Transports Ciutat Comtal, S.A. (1991-
2010). 
From 2004 to 2015, he was part of the Control Commission of Iniciativa Legislativa Popular of the 
Parliament of Catalonia. He has also been a member of the Legal Advice Commission of the Government 
of Catalonia, and is currently a member of the Commission of Codification of Catalonia and of the Private 
Law Observatory. 
He also worked as professor of Procedural Law and Civil Law in the Universities of Barcelona and Lleida 
(1966-1984). 
He has been a member since 1975 and was Chairman of the Academy of Jurisprudence and Legislation of 
Catalonia during the periods 1992-2000 and 2008-2016. He was council of Justice of the Government of 
Catalonia (2001-2002). 
He has been a member of the l’Asamblea de la Caja de Pensiones para la Vejez y de Ahorros de Cataluña 
y Baleares (since 1975), of the Board of Directors of Caixa d’Estalvis i Pensions de Barcelona “la Caixa” 
(2009-2014) and of the Board of Directors of the Administration of VidaCaixa. 
He has published several papers on legal topics and is a member of the Editorial Board of the Revista 
Jurídica de Catalunya and other legal publications. 
He was the winner of the St George’s Cross of the Government of Catalonia in 1998. He is first vice-
president of the Standing Conference of Ibero-American Legal Academies. He is also an Honorary 
Academic member of the Spanish Royal Academy of Jurisprudence and Legislation as well as of the 
Academies of Galicia, Granada, Valencia, Córdoba (Argentine), México, Colombia, Chile and Paraguay. 
Francesc Homs Ferret:  
Born in Barcelona, 1951. 
Since May 2012, member of the Board of Directors of Criteria CaixaHolding, a company which merged 
with Servihabitat XXI in December 2013, when he was appointed member of the Board of Directors of the 
current company CriteriaCaixa (the company arisen from the merger). Member of the Audit and Control 
Committee since May 2019. Trustee of the Fundación Bancaria Caixa d’Estalvis i Pensions de Barcelona, 
“la Caixa” since June 2014. 
Degree in Economics and Business Management from the University of Barcelona.  
He is executive chairman of the consulting company INEO CORPORATE. 
He began his professional career as an economist, lecturing in Industrial Economics at the Autonomous 
University of Barcelona (1980-1987). He was a member of parliament in the Cortes Generales, economic 
spokesperson for the Grupo Parlamentario Catalán (CiU) (1986-1999) and chairman of the Industry and 
Energy Committee of the Congress of Deputies. He was elected Councilor in the City Council of Barcelona 
(1995-1999) and between 2001 and 2003 he was counsellor for the Economy and Finance for the 
Government of Catalonia. He was a deputy of the Parliament of Catalonia and member of the Parliamentary 
Delegation of the Congress of Deputies in the Council of Europe from 1989 to 1993. 
In his private career, he has held the role of executive chairman of Áreas (1999-2001), chairman of Abertis 
Logística (2007-2011), chairman of the renewable energy company FERSA (2012-2015), chairman of the 
Catalan Council of the European Movement (1992-1996), director of the metallurgical company La Farga 
Group and chairman of the Board of Trustees of the Institut Guttmann Foundation. 
He was appointed general counsellor for the Assembly of Caixa d’Estalvis i Pensions de Barcelona, ”la 
Caixa” on behalf of the City Council of Barcelona, member of the Board of Directors of Caixa d’Estalvis i 
Pensions de Barcelona, ”la Caixa” and trustee of the ”la Caixa" Foundation from 2012 to 2014. He has also 
been a board member of VidaCaixa since July 2013. 
He is currently vice-chairman of the company Inmo Criteria Caixa. He is a board member and advisor for 
several companies.

--- Page 104 ---
- 104 - 
 
 
He is chairman of the University Advisory Board of the UIC, member of the Círculo de Economía, president 
of the Spanish Committee of the LECE (European League of Economic Cooperation), and president of the 
Change to Grow (C2G) association. 
Juan José López Burniol: 
Born in Alcanar, 1945. 
Member of the Board of Directors of CriteriaCaixa since June 2014, member of the Appointments and 
Remunerations Committee since its creation in 2014 and member of the Executive Committee since its 
creation in March 2019. He is a trustee of the Fundación Bancaria Caixa d’Estalvis i Pensions de 
Barcelona, ”la Caixa” since June 2014. 
Graduate in Law (University of Navarra). His activities are focused in four areas: professional, as notary 
(currently retired); institutional, as member of several institutions; academic, as Law professor, and 
journalist, as frequent collaborator of several publications. 
He worked as a notary from 1971 to 2015. He was Dean of the Association of Notaries of Catalonia (1987-
1990) and vice-chairman of the General Council of Notaries (1987-1990). 
He has also served as a judge on the High Court of the Mitra de Andorra (1987-1993), and judge and first 
president of the Constitutional Court of the Principality of Andorra (1993-2001). Member of the Legal 
Advisory Commission of the Government of Catalonia (1998-2005) and chairman of the Social Council of 
the University of Barcelona (2004-2007). 
Moreover, he has also lectured as a professor of Civil Law at the National University of Distance Education 
(1977-1982), at the Autonomous University of Barcelona (1982-1990) and at the Pompeu Fabra University 
(1990-2000). 
He was appointed general counsel for the Assembly of Caixa d’Estalvis i Pensions de Barcelona, ”la Caixa” 
on behalf of ESADE, from April 2005 until June 2014, and was a member of the Board of Directors of 
Caixa d’Estalvis i Pensions de Barcelona, ”la Caixa” and trustee of the “la Caixa” Foundation during the 
same period. He was also a member of the Board of Directors of CaixaBank, S.A. from 2011 to 2016 and 
of the Board of Directors of Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A. from 2015 to 2018. 
He is currently the third vice-chairman of Inmo Criteria Caixa, S.A.U. and member of the Board of 
Directors of Saba Infraestructuras, S.A. and Icària, Iniciatives Socials, S.A.L. 
He has also been a regular contributor, at various stages, for the newspapers “La Vanguardia”, “El 
Periódico”, “El País” , “El Punt-Avui”, “TV3”, “8tv” and “Catalunya Ràdio”. He was chairman of “Tribuna 
Barcelona” from 1995 to 2005. 
Juan Manuel Negro Balbás: 
Born in Madrid, 1972. 
Member of the Board of Directors of CriteriaCaixa since January 2021.  
Graduated in Business Administration and Management from the Complutense University of Madrid and 
completed the IESE Business School’s General Management Program (PDG) in 2014. Has completed 
various specialist programmes in capital markets and investment. He has contributed to various IESE 
Business School publications and is a regular contributor to various specialised media in the insurance 
sector. 
His entire career has been spent in the financial and insurance industry. He began his professional career in 
the Finance Department of the US insurer Chubb Insurance Company. In 2002 he joined the American 
International Group (AIG), where he held various positions in Madrid and Paris within the Financial Lines 
Department. In 2009 he joined Allianz Global Corporate & Specialty (AGCS), the corporate risk insurance 
company of the Allianz Group, as Head of Financial Lines for Spain, Portugal and Latin America. In 2013 
he was appointed deputy CEO for Spain and Portugal. In 2014 he was appointed member of the European 
Regional Management Council and CEO of the company, positions he held until 2020. Since July 2022, he 
is a member of the Board of Directors of VidaCaixa, S.A.U. 
He was a member of the Allianz Mentors Panel and has played an active role in various volunteer initiatives 
including programmes of organisations such as Junior Achievement, the Adecco Foundation and Plan 
International Spain.

--- Page 105 ---
- 105 - 
 
 
Asunción Ortega Enciso: 
Born in Ledesma of Soria in 1951.  
Member of the Board of Directors of CriteriaCaxia since February 2019 and trustee of Fundación Bancaria 
Caixa d’Estalvis i Pensions de Barcelona, ”la Caixa” since December 2016. 
She has an Economics Degree from the University of Barcelona. 
In the 1980s she taught at the Escuela de Mandos Intermedios (Middle Management Training School) and 
the “la Caixa” Training School. 
She was executive chairwoman of the Board of Directors of Caixabank Asset Management SGIIC, S.A. 
from 2006 until December 2016. During this period, she was also a member of the Governing Council of 
Inverco (the Spanish Association of Collective Investment Schemes and Pension Funds) and the Board of 
Trustees of the Inverco Foundation. 
She began her professional career in 1968 at Banco de Bilbao and from 1975 she worked part-time in the 
enterprise management control area together with other economists, at their own office. 
In 1979 she began to work at Caja de Pensiones para la Vejez y de Ahorros, ”la Caixa”, in the business and 
investment planning area, and since then she has held different management posts, having been Head of 
External Resources, Capital Market manager and manager of the Personal Banking department from its 
creation in 2001 until 2006. 
In 2001 she joined the Spanish Institution of Financial Analysts, acting as vice-chairwoman and as member 
of the Governing Council until 2022.  
She is currently vice-chairwoman of the Financial Studies Foundation. 
Montserrat Trapé Viladomat 
Born in Manresa, 1960.  
Member of the Board of Directors of CriteriaCaixa since April 2020. 
Degree in Law from the UNED. In 1985, she joined the Special Management Division (Spanish Ministry 
of Finance) after completing the corresponding countrywide examination. In 1986, she joined the Body of 
Spanish Finance Inspectors. She is an auditor and member of the Official Register of Auditors. 
She held various positions in the Spanish Ministry of Economy and Finance, in her capacity as inspector of 
State Finance, primarily the following: unit chief in the Special Delegation of the AEAT of Catalonia (1987-
1993), chief of the Unit of International Taxation of the AEAT of Catalonia (1994-1997), deputy regional 
chief of the AEAT of Catalonia (1997-2001) and deputy Head of International Taxation and Taxation of 
Non-residents in the National Inspection Office (2001-2007).  
She was also the delegate of Spain in the OECD’s Committee on Fiscal Affairs (1995-2007) and vice-
president of the EU Joint Transfer Pricing Forum (2002-2007). Likewise, she has participated in several 
consulting projects in various Latin American countries.  
In 2007, she joined KPMG, a firm where she held various positions until September 2020, such as Transfer 
Pricing partner, Tax and Legal partner of Catalonia and the Balearic Islands, and partner responsible for 
International Taxation and M&A of KPMG Abogados España. She was also a member of the Board of 
Directors, and of the Audit and Risk Committee and of the Appointments and Remuneration Committee of 
KPMG Spain. From 2009 to 2014, she was the lead partner of the Transfer Pricing Area in Europe.  
She is currently an independent director of Meliá Hotels International, S.A. and chairwoman of the Tax 
Compliance Committee of Cellnex Telecom, S.A. 
She is on the list of independent experts to be a member of the Expert Advisory Group to the European 
convention on international commercial arbitration, having participated in several international arbitration 
cases. She is a member of the Legal Committee of Foment del Treball, of the Spanish Directors’ Association 
(AED) and of the Women Corporate Directorate (WCD) foundation, of which she was co-chair of the 
Spanish Chapter. She is a visiting scholar at ESADE, a lecturer on the Specialisation Course for Directors 
at Sagardoy Business and Law School, and a regular speaker at international specialised events. She was a 
visiting scholar in the Master’s in Taxation at the Universidad de Barcelona and a collaborating professor 
at the Universidad Internacional de Cataluña.

--- Page 106 ---
- 106 - 
 
 
She has participated in multiple programmes and seminars and she is the author of various publications on 
tax matters, including Convenios Fiscales. She has received various awards and distinctions and has been 
on the list of “Best Lawyers” in Spain list and has been recognised at the Chambers Europe Awards. She 
was also voted Best Lawyer in Spain by Economist & Iuris (2017) and received the Alumni Award from 
the International University of Catalonia (2019). 
Senior Management of CriteriaCaixa  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the Senior Management Committee are:  
Name 
Position 
Principal activities outside 
CriteriaCaixa  
Marcelino Armenter Vidal 
Chief Executive Officer 
Please 
see 
“–Principal 
activities 
engaged in by those persons outside 
CriteriaCaixa 
where 
these 
are 
significant with respect to the Issuer” 
above  
Javier José Paso Luna 
General Counsel 
– 
Xavier Moragas Freixa 
Chief Financial Officer 
Sole Director of Caixa Assistance, 
S.A.U., Club Caixa I, S.A.U., Grup 
Caixa, S.A.U., Proyecto Luciérnaga, 
S.A.U. and Green Smoke, S.L.U.  
Óscar Valentín Carpio Garijo 
Chief Executive Officer of 
the Real Estate Business 
Director 
of 
Caixa 
Capital 
Risc, 
S.G.E.I.C., S.A., Director of Saba 
Infraestructuras, S.A., CEO of Inmo 
Criteria Caixa, S.A., Representative of 
a Director of Els Arbres de la Tardor, 
S.L., Representative of 
the Sole 
Director 
of 
Inmo 
Criteria 
Arrendamiento, S.L.U., Representative 
of the Sole Director of Inmo Criteria 
Arrendamiento 
II, 
S.L.U., 
Representative of the Sole Director of 
Inmo 
Criteria 
Arrendamiento 
III, 
S.L.U., Representative of the Sole 
Director of Inmo Criteria Patrimonio, 
S.L., Representative of 
the Sole 
Director of Caixa Podium I, S.A.U., 
Representative of the Sole Director of 
Caixa Capital Biomed SCR, S.A., 
Representative of the Sole Director of 
Caixa Capital Fondos SCR, S.A. and 
Representative of the Sole Director of 
Infinitum Resort, S.A.U. 
Adolfo Feijóo Rey 
Secretary of the Board of 
Directors / Head of Legal 
Department 
Director of Saba Infraestructuras, S.A. 
Jordi Morera Conde 
Head of Banking 
Investments Department 
Director 
of 
Inbursa, 
Trustee 
of 
Fundació Victoria de los Ángeles  
Estefanía Collados López de 
María 
Head of Industrial and 
Services Investments 
Department 
Director of Saba Infraestructuras, S.A. 
Felipe Matías Caviedes  
Head of Industrial 
Investments Department 
Representative 
of 
a 
Director 
of 
Mealfood Europe, S.L.,  Representative 
of Director of Qualityfry, S.L., Sole 
Director of Assessoria Bemar, S.L.N.E.

--- Page 107 ---
- 107 - 
 
 
Name 
Position 
Principal activities outside 
CriteriaCaixa  
and Joint Director of l’Assegurança de 
l’Hospitalet Med. En Seguros, S.L. 
Avelino Hernández Garfella 
Head of the Research and 
Strategic Planning 
Department 
 
There are no other administrative, management and supervisory bodies.  
1.3.2 
Conflicts of interests of the administration, management and supervision bodies 
Article 229.3 of the Spanish Companies Act, introduces, among other duties applicable to directors, the 
duty to report to the Board of Directors any situation of conflict of interest, direct or indirect, incurred by 
each of the Directors or related parties in respect of CriteriaCaixa. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the directors have reported that they had no conflict of interest.  
The Issuer has an Internal Code of Conduct in force which complies with Law 6/2023 on the Securities 
Markets and Investment Services, Royal Decree 217/2008, of 15 February (Real Decreto 217/2008, de 15 
de febrero, sobre el régimen jurídico de las empresas de servicios de inversión y de las demás entidades 
que prestan servicios de inversión) and which has been published on the CNMV’s website. 
1.4 
Main Shareholders 
CriteriaCaixa is a wholly-owned subsidiary of “la Caixa” Foundation.  
Description of the relationship between “la Caixa” Foundation, Criteria and CaixaBank 
In accordance with the provisions of the Savings Banks and Foundations Law and with the commitments 
assumed by “la Caixa” Foundation to comply with the conditions approved by the Supervisory Board of 
the European Central Bank for deconsolidation for prudential purposes between Criteria and CaixaBank, 
on 28 April 2022, “la Caixa” Foundation’s Board of Trustees (Patronato) approved a new protocol for 
managing its ownership interest in CaixaBank which primarily regulates the following aspects: 
▪ 
The basic strategic lines governing “la Caixa” Foundation’s management of its stake in CaixaBank. 
▪ 
Relations through Criteria between the Board of Trustees (Patronato) and CaixaBank’s governing 
bodies. 
▪ 
The general criteria governing transactions between “la Caixa” Foundation and CaixaBank, and 
the mechanisms to be introduced to prevent potential conflicts of interest. 
▪ 
The mechanisms to avoid the emergence of conflicts of interest. 
▪ 
The basic criteria relating to the assignment and use of distinctive signs and domain names owned 
by “la Caixa” Foundation by CaixaBank and the companies in its Group. 
▪ 
The provision for “la Caixa” Foundation to have a right of pre-emptive acquisition in the event of 
transfer by CaixaBank of Monte de Piedad, which it owns. 
▪ 
The basic principles for a possible collaboration so that (a) CaixaBank may implement corporate 
social responsibility policies through “la Caixa” Foundation, and, at the same time (b) “la Caixa” 
Foundation may disseminate its welfare projects through the CaixaBank branch network, and 
where appropriate, through other material means. 
▪ 
The flow of adequate information to allow “la Caixa” Foundation, Criteria and CaixaBank to 
prepare their financial statements and to comply with periodic reporting and supervisory duties 
with the Bank of Spain and other regulatory bodies. 
In accordance with the Savings Banks and Banking Foundations Law, “la Caixa” Foundation’s Board of 
Trustees (Patronato) modifies or, where appropriate, ratifies the management protocol every year and 
submits it to the approval of the Bank of Spain, after which Criteria’s Board of Directors acknowledges the 
modification or ratification agreed by “la Caixa” Foundation.

--- Page 108 ---
- 108 - 
 
 
1.5 
Financial information concerning the Issuer’s assets and liabilities, financial position and 
profit and loss 
1.5.1 
Historical financial information 
CriteriaCaixa’s audited consolidated and standalone annual accounts as at and for the years ended 31 
December 2022 and 31 December 2021, prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting 
Standards, as adopted by the EU (“IFRS-EU”) and Spanish National Chart of Accounts (Plan General de 
Contabilidad), are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (please see section entitled 
“Information Incorporated by Reference”). 
The auditor of CriteriaCaixa has expressed an unqualified opinion on the consolidated and the standalone 
annual accounts of CriteriaCaixa as of and for each of the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021. 
The annual accounts, the management reports of the Issuer (consolidated and standalone) for the years 2022 
and 2021 together with the corresponding auditor reports can be consulted during the term of validity of 
the Base Prospectus via the website of CriteriaCaixa on the webpages referred to above in section entitled 
“Information Incorporated by Reference” (the information on the corporate website of CriteriaCaixa does 
not form part of the Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base 
Prospectus) and have been incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (please see section entitled 
“Information Incorporated by Reference”). 
1.5.2 
Age of latest financial information 
The most recent audited financial information included in this Base Prospectus corresponds to the financial 
year ended 31 December 2022. Consequently, this information has been prepared within 18 months of the 
date of this Base Prospectus. 
1.6 
Legal and arbitration proceedings  
Certain lawsuits and proceedings were ongoing involving the CriteriaCaixa Group and arising from the 
ordinary course of its operations in the previous twelve months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the CriteriaCaixa Group’s companies are subject to claims. Therefore, 
they are party to certain legal proceedings arising from the normal course of their business, including claims 
in connection with real estate activities, relationships with employees and other commercial or tax matters. 
Accordingly, the outcome of court proceedings must be considered uncertain. 
Based on available information, the CriteriaCaixa Group considers that as at 31 December 2022 and 31 
December 2021, it had reliably estimated the obligations arising from each proceeding and had recognised, 
where appropriate, sufficient provisions to reasonably cover the liabilities that may arise as a result of these 
tax and legal situations. It also considers that any responsibility arising from these procedures will not, as 
a whole, have a material adverse effect on the Group’s businesses, financial position or results of operations. 
As at 31 December 2022, the provisions covering obligations that may arise from various ongoing legal 
proceedings amounted to EUR1.1 million, the individual amounts of which are not material. Given the 
nature of these obligations, the expected timing of outflows of resources embodying economic benefits, 
should they arise, is unknown. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, CriteriaCaixa’s management considers 
that these provisions are sufficient to cover the Group’s contingent liabilities. 
1.7 
Material contracts 
There are no material contracts entered into outside the ordinary course of business by the Group which 
could result in the Issuer being under an obligation or entitlement that adversely affects the Issuer’s ability 
to meet its obligations to Noteholders in respect of the Notes. 
1.8 
Dividends paid to the sole shareholder 
In 2022, the Issuer distributed an aggregate total amount of EUR375 million charged against its share 
premium. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board of Trustees of “la Caixa” Foundation has resolved to 
distribute dividends for an aggregate total amount of EUR210 million charged against its share premium, 
according to the following calendar: 
▪ 
16 February 2023: EUR60 million paid on 17 March 2023. 
▪ 
27 April 2023: EUR80 million paid on 31 May 2023. 
▪ 
15 June 2023: EUR70 (expected to be to be paid in within two months from 15 June 2023).

--- Page 109 ---
- 109 - 
 
 
TAXATION 
The following summary is a general description of certain Spanish tax considerations relating to the Notes. 
It does not constitute tax advice and does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations 
relating to the Notes, as applicable, whether in Spain or elsewhere, and does not deal with the tax 
consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which might be subject to special rules. 
Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors as to the consequences under the tax laws of 
the country of which they are resident for tax purposes and under the tax laws of Spain of acquiring, holding 
and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes. 
Furthermore, this summary does not take into account the regional special tax regimes in force in the Basque 
Country and Navarre, or the regulations adopted by the Spanish Autonomous Regions. 
This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any 
change in law that may take effect after such date. As a result, this description is subject to any changes in 
such laws or interpretations occurring after the date hereof, including changes having retroactive effect.  
References in this section to Noteholders include the beneficial owners of the Notes. Investors should also 
note that the appointment by an investor in the Notes, or any person through which an investor holds Notes, 
of a custodian, collection agent or similar person in relation to such Notes in any jurisdiction may have tax 
implications. Investors should consult their own tax advisors in relation to the tax consequences for them 
of any such appointment. 
Spanish tax considerations 
Introduction 
The information provided below has been prepared in accordance with the following Spanish tax legislation 
in force at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
(i) 
of general application, First Additional Provision of Law 10/2014, of 26 June on the management, 
supervision and solvency of credit institutions (“Law 10/2014”) along with Royal Decree 
1065/2007, of 27 July establishing information obligations in relation to preferential holdings 
and other debt instruments and certain income obtained by individuals resident in the European 
Union and other tax rules (“Royal Decree 1065/2007”); 
(ii) 
for individuals with tax residency in Spain who are individual income tax (“IIT”) taxpayers, 
Law 35/2006, of 28 November 2006, on IIT and on the partial amendment of the Corporate 
Income Tax Law, Non Residents Income Tax Law and Wealth Tax Law (“IIT Law”), as well 
as Royal Decree 439/2007, of 30 March 2007, promulgating the IIT Regulations, along with Law 
19/1991, of 6 June 1991, on the Net Wealth Tax and Law 29/1987, of 18 December 1987, on the 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (“IGT”) and Law 38/2022, for the establishment of temporary levies 
on energy and on financial credit institutions and introducing a temporary solidarity tax on large 
fortunes, as amended; 
(iii) 
for legal entities resident for tax purposes in Spain which are subject to the Spanish Corporate 
Income Tax (“CIT”), Law 27/2014, of 27 November 2014, on CIT and Royal Decree 634/2015, 
of 10 July 2015, promulgating the CIT Regulations; and 
(iv) 
for individuals and entities who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain which are subject to 
the Spanish Non-Resident Income Tax (“NRIT”), Royal Legislative Decree 5/2004, of 5 March 
2004, promulgating the Consolidated Text of the NRIT Law, and Royal Decree 1776/2004, of 
30 July 2004, promulgating the NRIT Regulations, along with Law 19/1991, of 6 June 1991, on 
the Net Wealth Tax and Law 29/1987, of 18 December 1987, on IGT and Law 38/2022, for the 
establishment of temporary levies on energy and on financial credit institutions and introducing 
a temporary solidarity tax on large fortunes, as amended. 
Whatever the nature and residence of the beneficial owners of the Notes, the acquisition and transfer of the 
Notes will be exempt from indirect taxes in Spain, i.e., exempt from transfer tax and stamp duty, in 
accordance with the Consolidated Text of such taxes promulgated by Royal Legislative Decree 1/1993, of 
24 September 1993, and exempt from value added tax, in accordance with Law 37/1992, of 28 December 
1992, regulating such tax. 
The Issuer understands that the Notes should be deemed as financial assets with an explicit yield for Spanish 
tax purposes, defined in article 91 of the IIT Regulations and article 63 of the CIT Regulations. 
Individuals with Tax Residency in Spain 
Individual Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de las Personas Físicas) 
Spanish individuals with tax residency in Spain are subject to IIT on a worldwide basis. Accordingly, 
income obtained from the Notes will be taxed in Spain when obtained by persons that are considered 
resident in Spain for tax purposes. The fact that a Spanish company pays interest or guarantee payments

--- Page 110 ---
- 110 - 
 
 
under a Note will not lead an individual or entity being considered tax-resident in Spain. 
Both, interest periodically received and income deriving from the transfer, redemption or repayment of the 
Notes constitute income obtained from the transfer of a person’s own capital to third parties in accordance 
with the provisions of Section 25.2 of the IIT Law, and therefore must be included in each investor’s IIT 
savings taxable base and taxed at the tax rate applicable from time to time, as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus at a flat rate of 19% for taxable income up to EUR6,000.00; 21% for taxable income between 
EUR6,000.01 and EUR50,000.00; 23% for taxable income between EUR50,000.01 and EUR200,000.00; 
27% for taxable income between EUR200,000.01 and EUR300,000; and 28% for any amount in excess of 
EUR300,000.00.  
As a general rule 19% withholding on account of IIT will be imposed by the Issuer on interest payments as 
well as on income derived from the transfer, redemption or repayment of the Notes, by individual investors 
subject to IIT.  
However, according to article 44.5 of the regulations approved by Royal Decree 1065/2007, in the case of 
debt listed securities issued under Law 10/2014 and initially registered in a foreign clearing and settlement 
entity that is recognised under Spanish regulations or under those of another OECD member state (as the 
Notes issued by the Issuer), the Issuer will make interest payments to individual holders who are resident 
for tax purposes in Spain without withholding provided that the relevant information about the Notes (as 
described below in “Information about the Notes in Connection with Payments”) is submitted by the Fiscal 
Agent; and it would not be necessary to provide the Issuer with the identity of the holder who are individuals 
resident in Spain for tax purposes or to indicate the amount of income attributable to such individuals.  
However, withholding tax at the applicable rate of 19% may have to be deducted by other entities (such as 
depositaries, institutions or financial entities).  
In any event, the individual holder may credit the withholding tax applied by the Issuer against his or her 
final IIT liability for the relevant tax year. 
Net Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio)  
Wealth Tax may be levied in Spain on resident individuals, on a worldwide basis 
Generally, individuals with tax residency in Spain are subject to Wealth Tax to the extent that their net 
worth exceeds EUR700,000 (subject to any exceptions provided under relevant legislation in an 
Autonomous Region (Comunidad Autónoma)). Therefore, they should take into account the value of the 
Notes which they hold as at 31 December in each year, the applicable rates ranging between 0.2% and 
3.5%. However, as the Autonomous Regions are entitled to apply their own regulation on such tax, this rate 
will just apply to the regions that have not approved their own net wealth tax schedules. 
Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes (Impuesto Temporal de Solidaridad a las Grandes Fortunas) 
The Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes may be levied in Spain on tax resident individuals, on a 
worldwide basis. 
In particular, individuals with tax residency in Spain are subject to the Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large 
Fortunes to the extent that their net worth exceeds EUR3,000,000. Therefore, they should take into account 
the value of the Notes which they hold as at 31 December each year, the applicable rates ranging between 
1.7 per cent. and 3.5 per cent. 
Since the autonomous regions apply the current regional Net Wealth Tax (as described above), in order to 
avoid double taxation, the amount paid for the current regional Net Wealth Tax should be deductible from 
the Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes. 
The Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes is established for an initial period of two years, so that it 
is applicable in the first two fiscal years in which such tax is accrued. However, there is a review clause to 
evaluate its results at the end of the two-year period to assess whether it will be maintained. 
Noteholders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how this tax may apply to their investment in 
the Notes. 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals who are resident in Spain for tax purposes and who acquire ownership or other rights over any 
Notes by inheritance, gift or legacy will be subject to the Spanish IGT in accordance with the applicable 
Spanish regional and state rules. As at the date of this Base Prospectus the effective tax rates range between 
0% and 81.6%, depending on various factors, such as the amount of the gift or inheritance, the net wealth 
of the heir or beneficiary of the gift, and the kinship with the deceased or the donor. However, this taxation 
may vary depending on the Spanish autonomous region of tax residence of the corresponding Noteholder.

--- Page 111 ---
- 111 - 
 
 
Legal Entities with Tax Residency in Spain 
Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre Sociedades) 
Legal entities with tax residency in Spain are subject to Corporate Income Tax on a worldwide basis. 
Both, interest periodically received and income derived from the transfer, redemption or repayment of the 
Notes are subject to CIT at the general flat tax rate of 25% in accordance with the rules for such tax. 
In accordance with article 44.5 of the regulations approved by Royal Decree 1065/2007, in the case of debt 
listed securities issued under Law 10/2014 and initially registered in a foreign clearing and settlement entity 
that is recognised under Spanish regulations or under those of another OECD member state (as the Notes 
issued by the Issuer), there is no obligation to withhold on income payable to Spanish CIT taxpayers (which 
for the sake of clarity, include Spanish tax resident investment funds and Spanish tax resident pension 
funds). Consequently, the Issuer will not withhold on interest payments to Spanish CIT taxpayers provided 
that the relevant information about the Notes (as described below in “Information about the Notes in 
Connection with Payments”) is submitted by the Fiscal Agent. 
In addition, pursuant to article 61.s of the CIT regulations, there is no obligation to withhold on income 
obtained by taxpayers subject to Spanish CIT (which for the avoidance of doubt, includes Spanish tax 
resident investment funds and Spanish tax resident pension funds) from financial assets traded on organised 
markets in OECD countries. However, in the case of Notes held by a Spanish resident entity and deposited 
with a Spanish resident entity acting as depositary or custodian, payments of interest and income deriving 
from the transfer may be subject to withholding tax at the current rate of 19% which may have to be 
deducted by other entities (such as depositaries, institutions or financial entities) if the Notes do not comply 
with the exemption requirements specified in the ruling issued by the Spanish General Directorate of Taxes 
(Dirección General de Tributos) dated 27 July 2004 (that is, placement of the Notes outside of Spain in 
another OECD country and admission to listing of the Notes on an organised market in an OECD country 
other than Spain).  
The amounts withheld, if any, may be credited by the relevant investors against their final CIT liability. 
Net Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Legal entities resident in Spain for tax purposes are not subject to Spanish Wealth Tax. 
Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes (Impuesto Temporal de Solidaridad a las Grandes Fortunas) 
Legal entities resident in Spain for tax purposes are not subject to the Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large 
Fortunes. 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Legal entities resident in Spain for tax purposes that acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy are not subject to the IGT but generally must include the market value of the 
Notes in their taxable income for CIT purposes. 
Individuals and Legal Entities with no Tax Residency in Spain 
1) 
Investors with no Tax Residency in Spain, acting through a Permanent Establishment in Spain 
Non-Resident Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de no Residentes) 
Ownership of the Notes by investors who are not resident in Spain for tax purposes will not in itself create 
the existence of a permanent establishment in Spain. 
If the Notes form part of the assets allocated to a permanent establishment in Spain of a person or legal 
entity that is not resident in Spain for tax purposes, the tax rules applicable to income deriving from such 
Notes are, generally, the same as those set forth above for Spanish CIT taxpayers. See “—Legal Entities 
with Tax Residency in Spain-Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre Sociedades).”  
2) 
Investors with no Tax Residency in Spain not acting through a Permanent Establishment in Spain 
(A) 
Non-Resident Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de no Residentes).  
Both, interest payments periodically received under the Notes and income derived from the transfer, 
redemption or repayment of the Notes, obtained by individuals or entities who are not resident in Spain for 
tax purposes and who do not act, with respect to the Notes, through a permanent establishment in Spain, 
are exempt from NRIT on the same terms laid down for income from public debt. Furthermore, the Issuer 
has no obligation to withhold any tax amount for interest paid to holders who are Non-Resident Income 
taxpayers with no permanent establishment in Spain provided that certain requirements are met, including 
that in respect of interest payments from the Notes carried out by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent provides the 
Issuer with the relevant information about the Notes, by delivering in a timely manner with a duly executed 
and completed Payment Statement in respect of the Notes as defined below, as set forth under article 44.5 
of the regulations approved by Royal Decree 1065/2007. See “Information about the Notes in Connection

--- Page 112 ---
- 112 - 
 
 
with Payments”. 
(B) 
Net Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
This tax is only applicable to individuals (Non-Spanish resident legal entities are not subject to Wealth 
Tax). However, individuals resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a double tax treaty in 
relation to Net Wealth Tax would generally not be subject to such tax. Otherwise, non-Spanish resident 
individuals whose properties and rights are located in Spain, or that can be exercised within the Spanish 
territory (such as the Notes issued by the Issuer) exceed EUR700,000 would be subject to Net Wealth Tax, 
the applicable rates ranging between 0.2% and 3.5%, although the final tax rates may vary depending on 
any applicable regional tax laws, and some reductions may apply. 
However, non-Spanish tax resident individuals will be exempt from Wealth Tax in respect of the Notes 
whose income is exempt from NRIT as described above. 
If the exemptions outlined above do not apply, non-Spanish tax resident holders may be entitled to apply 
the specific regulation of the Autonomous Region where their most valuable assets are located and which 
trigger this Spanish Net Wealth Tax due to the fact that they are (i) located, (ii) can be exercised, or (iii) 
must be fulfilled, within the Spanish territory. As such, prospective investors should consult their tax 
advisers. 
Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes (Impuesto Temporal de Solidaridad a las Grandes Fortunas) 
Non-Spanish resident legal entities are not subject to the Temporary Solidarity Tax. 
Non-Spanish resident individuals whose properties and rights are located in Spain, or that can be exercised 
within the Spanish territory, and exceed €3,000,000 may be subject to the Temporary Solidarity Tax on 
Large Fortunes. In such event, Noteholders should take into account the value of the Notes which they hold 
as at 31 December each year, the applicable rates ranging between 1.7 per cent. and 3.5 per cent. 
Since the autonomous regions apply the current regional Net Wealth Tax (as described above), in order to 
avoid double taxation, the amount paid for the current regional Net Wealth Tax should be deductible from 
the Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes.Noteholders should consult their own tax advisors 
regarding how this tax may apply to their investment in the Notes. 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals not resident in Spain for tax purposes who acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy, will be subject to IGT in accordance with the applicable Spanish state rules, 
unless they reside in a country for tax purposes with which Spain has entered into a treaty for the avoidance 
of double taxation in relation to IGT. In such case, the provisions of the relevant treaty for the avoidance 
of double taxation will apply.  
If no treaty for the avoidance of double taxation in relation to IGT applies, effective IGT rates would range 
between 0% and 81.6%, depending on various factors, such as the amount of the gift or inheritance, the net 
wealth of the heir or beneficiary of the gift, the kinship with the deceased or the donor and the qualification 
for tax benefits.  
These factors may vary depending on the application of the state or the autonomous regions IGT governing 
laws. Generally, non-Spanish tax resident individuals are subject to Spanish state rules. However, if the 
deceased, heir or the done, as the case may be, is tax resident in any jurisdiction other than Spain, depending 
on the specific situation, the applicable rules will be those corresponding to the relevant autonomous regions 
according to the law. 
Non-Spanish tax resident legal entities that acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by inheritance, 
gift or legacy are not subject to IGT. Such acquisitions may be subject to NRIT as capital gains (as described 
above), unless otherwise applicable under the provisions of any applicable treaty for the avoidance of 
double taxation entered into by Spain. In general, treaties for the avoidance of double taxation provide for 
the taxation of this type of income in the country of tax residence of the beneficiary owner. 
Obligation to inform the Spanish tax authorities of the ownership of the Notes 
With effect as of 1 January 2013, Law 7/2012, of 29 October, as implemented by Royal Decree 1558/2012, 
of 15 November, introduced new annual reporting obligations applicable to Spanish residents (i.e. 
individuals, legal entities, permanent establishments in Spain of non-resident entities) in relation to certain 
foreign assets or rights. 
Consequently, if the Notes are deposited with or placed in the custody of a non-Spanish entity, holders 
resident in Spain will be obliged, if certain thresholds are met as described below, to declare before the 
Spanish tax authorities, between 1 January and 31 March every year, the ownership of the Notes held on 
31 December of the immediately preceding year (e.g. to declare between 1 January 2024 and 31 March 
2024 the Notes held on 31 December 2023).

--- Page 113 ---
- 113 - 
 
 
This obligation would only need to be complied with if certain thresholds are met: specifically, if the only 
rights/assets held abroad are the Notes, this obligation would only apply if the value of the Notes together 
with other qualifying assets held on 31 December exceeds €50,000 (with the corresponding valuation to be 
made in accordance with Net Wealth Tax rules). If this threshold is met, a declaration would only be 
required in subsequent years if the value of the Notes together with other qualifying assets increases by 
more than €20,000 as against the declaration made previously. Similarly, cancellation or extinguishment of 
the ownership of the Notes before 31 December should be declared if such ownership was reported in 
previous declarations. 
Noteholders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how this obligation may apply to their 
investment in the Notes. 
Information about the Notes in Connection with Payments  
The Issuer is currently required by Spanish law to file an annual return with the Spanish tax authorities in 
which they report on certain information relating to the Notes. 
In particular, in accordance with article 44.5 of the regulations approved by Royal Decree 1065/2007, for 
the purposes of preparing the tax annual to be submitted by the Issuer, certain information with respect to 
the Notes must be submitted by the Fiscal Agent in a timely manner (i.e. before the close of business on 
the business day immediately preceding the date on which any payment of interest, principal or any amount 
in respect of the early redemption of the Notes is due) in the form of a duly executed and completed 
statement (the “Payment Statement”) which shall include the following information: 
(a) 
Identification of the Notes in respect of which the relevant payment is made; 
(b) 
Date on which relevant payment is made; 
(c) 
the total amount of the relevant payment; and 
(d) 
the amount of the relevant payment allocated to each entity that manages a clearing and settlement 
system for securities situated outside Spain. 
In light of the above, the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent have arranged certain procedures to facilitate the 
collection of information concerning the Notes.  
However, if the Issuer does not receive in a timely manner the relevant Payment Statement, the Issuer may 
be required to withhold taxes at the applicable rate of 19% from any payment in respect of the relevant 
Notes as to which the required information has not been provided. 
If this were to occur, affected beneficial owners will receive a refund of the amount withheld, with no need 
for action on their part, if a duly executed and completed Payment Statement is delivered to the Issuer no 
later than the 10th calendar day of the month immediately following the relevant payment date. In addition, 
beneficial owners may apply directly to the Spanish tax authorities for any refund to which they may be 
entitled, according to the procedures set forth in the Spanish NRIT Law.  
Prospective holders of the Notes should note that the Issuer does not accept any responsibility relating 
to the lack of delivery of a duly executed and completed Payment Statement to the Issuer in 
connection with each payment of income under the Notes. Accordingly, the Issuer will not be liable 
for any damage or loss suffered by any beneficial owner who would otherwise be entitled to an 
exemption from Spanish withholding tax but whose income payments are nonetheless paid net of 
Spanish withholding tax because the Payment Statement was not duly delivered to the Issuer. 
Moreover, the Issuer will not pay any additional amounts with respect to any such withholding tax. 
Disclosure of Noteholder Information in connection with the Redemption or Repayment of Zero 
Coupon Notes: 
In accordance with section 6 of article 44 of the Royal Decree 1065/2007, in the case of Zero Coupon 
Notes with a maturity of 12 months or less, the information obligations established in Section 44 (see 
“Information about the Notes in Connection with Payments” above) will have to be complied with upon 
the redemption or repayment of the Zero Coupon Notes. 
The proposed Financial Transactions Tax (“EU FTT”)  
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s Proposal”) for 
a Directive for a common EU FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the “Participating Member States”). However, Estonia has since stated 
that it will not participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription 
of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal, EU FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within

--- Page 114 ---
- 114 - 
 
 
and outside of the Participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes 
where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a Participating 
Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a Participating Member 
State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a 
Participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued 
in a Participating Member State. 
In the ECOFIN meeting of 17 June 2016, the EU FTT was discussed between the EU Member States. It 
was reiterated in this meeting that participating Member States envisage introducing an EU FTT by means 
of the so-called enhanced cooperation.  
The proposed Directive defines how the EU FTT would be implemented in participating Member States. It 
involves a minimum 0.1% tax rate for transactions in all types of financial instruments, except for 
derivatives that would be subject to a minimum 0.01% tax rate. 
The EU FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States and the 
scope of any such tax is uncertain. It may therefore be changed prior to any implementation, the timing of 
which remains unclear. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate and participating Members 
States may withdraw. Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in 
relation to the FTT. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the 
EU FTT. 
The Spanish financial transactions tax 
On 16 October 2020, the Spanish Parliament approved Law 5/2020, of 15 October, on the Tax on Financial 
Transactions (“Spanish FTT Law”) introducing the Spanish Financial Transaction Tax (“Spanish FTT”) 
that has entered into force on 16 January 2021. 
It is to be noted, however, that the preamble of the Spanish FTT Law states that Spain would continue to 
participate in the enhanced co-operation for the approval of the EU FTT and, if finally approved, Spain 
would adapt the Spanish FTT to align it with the EU FTT.  
The Spanish FTT is broadly aligned with the French and Italian financial transactions tax. Specifically, the 
Spanish FTT is an indirect tax levied a rate of 0.2% on the acquisitions for consideration of shares issued 
by Spanish companies regardless of the residency of the parties involved in the transaction, or of the 
jurisdiction where the shares are traded, provided that they comply with the following conditions: (i) the 
shares should be admitted to trading on a regulated market under Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments (or in a foreign market 
declared equivalent by the European Commission) and (ii) the stock market capitalisation value of the 
company should exceed EUR1,000 million. The Spanish FTT will be payable on a monthly basis.  
However, according to the Spanish FTT Law, the Spanish FTT should not apply in relation to an issue of 
Notes under the Programme. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the 
Spanish FTT. 
FATCA Withholding 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
“foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru 
payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. A number 
of jurisdictions (including the Kingdom of Spain) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the 
way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA 
provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are 
uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an 
IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, proposed regulations have been issued that 
provide that such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which 
final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are published in the U.S. Federal Register. In the 
preamble to the proposed regulations, the U.S. Treasury Department indicated that taxpayers may rely on 
these proposed regulations until the issuance of final regulations. Holders should consult their own tax 
advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding 
would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be 
required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 115 ---
- 115 - 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Morgan Stanley Europe SE (the 
“Dealers”). The arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer 
to, and subscribed by, Dealers are set out in a Dealer Agreement dated 11 July 2023 (the “Dealer 
Agreement”) and made between the Issuer and the Dealers. If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the 
method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and a single Dealer for that Tranche to be issued 
by the Issuer and subscribed by that Dealer, the method of distribution will be described in the relevant 
Final Terms as “Non-Syndicated” and the name of that Dealer and any other interest of that Dealer which 
is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of that Dealer will be set out in 
the relevant Final Terms. If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement 
between the Issuer and more than one Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by 
those Dealers, the method of distribution will be described in the relevant Final Terms as “Syndicated”, the 
obligations of those Dealers to subscribe the relevant Notes will be joint and several and the names and 
addresses of those Dealers and any other interests of any of those Dealers which is material to the issue of 
that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of those Dealers (including whether any of those Dealers 
has also been appointed to act as Stabilisation Manager in relation to that Tranche) will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant 
Notes, the price at which such Notes will be subscribed by the Dealer(s) and the commissions or other 
agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such subscription. The Dealer 
Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for 
the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation 
to a particular Tranche of Notes. Each new Dealer so appointed will be required to represent, warrant and 
undertake to the following selling restrictions as part of its appointment. 
United States of America:  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States 
Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver 
Notes , (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the 
distribution compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions 
on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will 
not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a 
Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“EU MiFID II”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (“Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II.  
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors

--- Page 116 ---
- 116 - 
 
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will 
not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms thereto (or are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”); or  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and:  
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of 
the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the 
Issuer; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom. 
Kingdom of Spain 
Each Dealer and the Issuer have represented and agreed that the offers of the Notes in Spain will be directed 
specifically at or made to professional clients (clientes profesionales) as this term is defined in Article 194 
of the Spanish Law 6/2023, of 17 March, on the Securities Markets and the Investment Services (Ley 
6/2023, de 17 de marzo, de los Mercados de Valores y de los Servicios de Inversión), as amended or 
superseded from time to time (the “Spanish Securities Markets and Investment Services Law”) and 
Article 58 of Royal Decree 217/2008, of 15 February, on the legal regime for investment services 
companies and other entities providing investment services (Real Decreto 217/2008, de 15 de febrero, sobre 
el régimen jurídico de las empresas de servicios de inversión y de las demás entidades que prestan servicios 
de inversión y por el que se modifica parcialmente el Reglamento de la Ley 35/2003, de 4 de noviembre, 
de Instituciones de Inversión Colectiva, aprobado por el Real Decreto 1309/2005, de 4 de noviembre), as 
amended or superseded from time to time, and eligible counterparties (contrapartes elegibles) as defined 
in Article 196 of the Spanish Securities Markets and Investment Services Law, in circumstances which do 
not require the registration of a prospectus. This Base Prospectus shall not be registered with the Spanish 
Securities Market Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores) and therefore this Base 
Prospectus is not intended for any public offer of Notes in Spain non-exempted from the prospectus 
registration requirements.

--- Page 117 ---
- 117 - 
 
 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that, save as set out below, it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Notes in the Republic 
of Italy in an offer to the public, and that sales of the Notes in the Republic of Italy shall be effected in 
accordance with all Italian securities, tax and exchange control and other applicable laws and regulations. 
Accordingly, each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes or 
distribute copies of this Base Prospectus and any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of 
Italy except: 
(a) 
to “qualified investors” (investitori qualificati), as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation and 
any applicable provision of Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 February 1998 (“Decree No. 58”) and 
Italian CONSOB regulations, all as amended from time to time; or 
(b) 
in any other circumstances where an express exemption from compliance with the offer 
restrictions applies, as provided under the EU Prospectus Regulation, Decree No. 58 or CONSOB 
Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999 (“Regulation No. 11971”), as amended from time to time, 
and the applicable Italian laws. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must be: 
(a) 
made by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities 
in the Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 as 
amended, Decree No. 58, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, as amended and 
any other applicable laws and regulations;  
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended, 
pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request information on the issue or the offer of securities 
in the Republic of Italy and the relevant implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy issued on 
25 August 2015 (as amended on 10 August 2016 and 2 November 2020); and 
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable notification requirement or limitation which may be 
imposed by CONSOB or the Bank of Italy or other competent authority. 
Provisions relating to the secondary market in the Republic of Italy: Investors should also note that, in any 
subsequent distribution of the Notes in the Republic of Italy, the EU Prospectus Regulation and Decree No. 
58 may require compliance with the law relating to public offers of securities. Furthermore, Article 100-bis 
of Decree No. 58 provides that where the Notes are placed solely with "qualified investors" and are then 
systematically resold on the secondary market at any time in the 12 months following such placing, 
purchasers of Notes who are acting outside of the course of their business or profession may in certain 
circumstances be entitled to declare such purchase void and, in addition, to claim damages from any 
authorised person at whose premises the Notes were purchased, unless an exemption provided for under 
the EU Prospectus Regulation or Decree No. 58 applies. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has complied and will comply with all 
applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells 
or delivers Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any 
related offering material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into whose hands this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all 
applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell 
or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related 
offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to 
any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be

--- Page 118 ---
- 118 - 
 
 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed 
“General” above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such 
supplement or modification may be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 119 ---
- 119 - 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
1. 
The update of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer 
passed on 25 May 2023 on the basis of the authorisation granted by a decision of the sole 
shareholder of the Issuer taken on 15 June 2023. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time 
to time all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and 
performance of the Notes. 
Listing 
2. 
It is expected that each Tranche of Notes which is to be admitted to the Official List and to trading 
on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin will be admitted separately as and when issued, upon 
submission to Euronext Dublin of the applicable Final Terms, subject only to the issue of the Notes 
of that Tranche. The listing of the Programme in respect of such Notes is expected to be granted 
on or about 11 July 2023. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
3. 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened, of which the Issuer is aware), which may have, or have had during 
the 12 months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position 
or profitability of the Issuer. 
Significant/Material Change 
4. 
Since 31 December 2022, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer.  
5. 
Since  31 December 2022, there has been no significant change in the financial position or financial 
performance of the Issuer or the Group.  
Auditors 
6. 
The consolidated and standalone financial statements of the Issuer have been audited without 
qualification for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 by 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L. whose registered office is at Paseo de la Castellana 259 
B, Torre PwC, 28046 Madrid, and registered with the Registro Oficial de Auditores de Cuentas 
under number S0242 who have given, and have not withdrawn, their consent to the inclusion of 
their report in this Base Prospectus in the form and context in which it is included. 
Documents on Display 
7. 
Copies of the following documents (together with English translations thereof) may be inspected 
during normal business hours at the offices of the Fiscal Agent for the 12 months from the date of 
this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the constitutive documents of the Issuer (as the same may be updated from time to time);  
(b) 
the audited consolidated and standalone financial statements of the Issuer for the years 
ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021; 
(c) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(d) 
the Deed of Covenant; and 
(e) 
the relevant Final Terms;  
The documents referred to at (a), (b), (c), (d) and (e) above may be viewed on the website of the Issuer at 
www.criteriacaixa.com.  
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, 
information contained on the website does not form part of this prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus will be available, in electronic format, on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/).

--- Page 120 ---
- 120 - 
 
 
Material Contracts 
8. 
There are no material contracts entered into outside the ordinary course of business by the Group 
which could result in the Issuer being under an obligation or entitlement that adversely affects the 
Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders in respect of the Notes. 
Clearing of the Notes 
9. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) in relation 
to the Notes of each Tranche will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Final 
Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Notes for 
clearance together with any further appropriate information. 
Notes Having a Maturity of Less than One Year 
10. 
Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year and either (a) the issue proceeds are received 
by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or (b) the activity of issuing the Notes is carried on from an 
establishment maintained by the Issuer in the United Kingdom, such Notes must: (i) have a 
minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and be issued only 
to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to 
expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes 
of their businesses; or (ii) be issued in other circumstances which do not constitute a contravention 
of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer.  
Issue Price and Yield 
11. 
Notes may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in 
accordance with prevailing market conditions and the issue price of the relevant Notes or the 
method of determining the price and the process for its disclosure will be set out in the applicable 
Final Terms. In the case of different Tranches of a Series of Notes, the issue price may include 
accrued interest in respect of the period from the interest commencement date of the relevant 
Tranche (which may be the issue date of the first Tranche of the Series or, if interest payment dates 
have already passed, the most recent interest payment date in respect of the Series) to the issue date 
of the relevant Tranche. 
The yield of each Tranche of Notes set out in the applicable Final Terms will be calculated as of 
the relevant issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price. It is not an 
indication of future yield. 
Conflicts of Interest 
12. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer and 
its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have 
positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and 
reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of 
the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their 
general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may 
make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related 
derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and 
for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve 
securities and/or instruments of the Issuer and its affiliates. Certain of the Dealers of their affiliates 
that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer 
and its affiliates consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers 
and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either 
the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future 
trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make 
investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of 
such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, 
long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 121 ---
- 121 - 
 
 
13. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI)  
The Legal Entity Identifier of the Issuer is 959800DQQUAMV0K08004.

--- Page 122 ---
- 122 - 
 
 
 
 
ISSUER 
 
 
Criteria Caixa, S.A., Sociedad Unipersonal  
 
Plaza Weyler 3,  
Palma de Mallorca 07001 Spain 
 
 
 
ARRANGER 
 
 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18  
60312 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
 
DEALERS  
 
 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
BNP Paribas 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Edificio Encinar, Avenida de Cantabria 
s/n 28660, Boadilla del Monte 
Madrid 
Spain 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2, D02 RF29 
Ireland 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
 
 
 
 
CaixaBank, S.A. 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe 
AG 
Crédit Agricole Corporate & 
Investment Bank 
Deutsche Bank AG, London 
Branch 
Calle Pintor Sorolla, 2-4 
46002 Valencia 
Spain 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 12, Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 MONTROUGE CEDEX 
France 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
 
 
 
 
Goldman Sachs Bank 
Europe SE 
HSBC Continental Europe 
ING Bank N.V. 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Marienturm, Taunusanlage 9-10 
D-60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Divisione IMI Corporate & 
Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
 
 
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito 
Finanziario S.p.A. 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Natixis 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Piazzetta E.Cuccia 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
7 promenade Germaine Sablon 
75013 Paris 
France 
 
 
 
 
 
Société Générale 
UniCredit Bank AG 
 
 
29, boulevard Hausmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
Arabellastrasse 12 
D-81925 Munich 
Germany 
 
 
 
 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
 
 
 
 
To the Issuer as to Spanish and English law 
 
Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer 
Rechtsanwälte Steuerberater PartG mbB, 
Sucursal en España de Sociedad Profesional 
Torre Europa 
Paseo de la Castellana, 95 
28046 Madrid 
Spain 
 
To the Dealers as to English law and Spanish 
law 
 
Clifford Chance, S.L.P. 
Paseo de la Castellana 110 
28046 Madrid 
Spain 
 
AUDITORS 
 
 
 
 
To the Issuer 
 
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L. 
Paseo de la Castellana 259 B 
28046, Madrid 
Spain 
 
 
 
 
 
FISCAL AGENT 
 
 
 
 
 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E15 5LB 
United Kingdom