--- Page 1 ---
Invitation to 
subscribe for units in 
DanCann Pharma A/S

--- Page 2 ---
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 2 / 126
PAGE 3 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
Definitions
This EU Growth Prospectus (the “Prospectus”) has been pre-
pared in connection with DanCann Pharma A/S (“DanCann 
Pharma” or the “Company”), corporate registration number 
(In Danish CVR No.) 39 42 60 05, offer to subscribe for units, 
consisting of shares (“New Shares”) and warrants of series 
TO2 (“New Warrants”) (together the “Offer” or the “Issue of 
Units”). This Prospectus has been approved and registered by 
the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority (Dk. Finanstilsyn-
et) (the “DFSA”), as a competent authority under Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129. The approval and registration do not imply 
that the DFSA guarantees that the information in the Pro-
spectus is accurate or complete.
In connection with the Issue of Units described in this 
Prospectus, Corpura Fondkommission AB (“Corpura”) is the 
financial advisor, Andersen Partners Advokatpartnerselskab 
(“Andersen”) and MAQS Advokatbyrå AB (“MAQS”) are the 
legal advisors. Nordic Issuing AB (“Nordic Issuing”) provides 
issuing services to DanCann Pharma. Corpura, Andersen and 
MAQS has assisted the Company in the preparation of this 
Prospectus. The Board of Directors of DanCann Pharma is 
responsible for the content, whereupon Corpura, Andersen 
and MAQS disclaim all liability in relation to shareholders in the 
Company and regarding other direct or indirect consequenc-
es because of investment decisions or other decisions based 
wholly or partly on the information in this Prospectus.
No shares or warrants in DanCann Pharma are subject to 
trade or application thereon in any country other than Swe-
den and Denmark. The invitation according to this Prospectus 
does not apply to individuals whose participation requires ad-
ditional prospectus, registration measures, or other measures 
than those that comply with Danish law. This Prospectus 
may not be distributed in the United States, Australia, Japan, 
Canada, New Zealand, Russia, Belarus, South Africa, Hong 
Kong, Switzerland, Singapore, or other countries where the 
distribution or this invitation requires additional measures as 
stated in the previous sentence or contravene rules in such 
country. Disputes arising from the contents of the Prospec-
tus or related legal matters shall be settled according to 
Danish law and at the Danish court.
Spotlight stock market
DanCann Pharma is listed on the Spotlight Stock Market 
(“Spotlight”), corporate identity number 556736- 8195. The 
Company is obliged to comply with other applicable laws, 
statutes, and recommendations that apply to companies 
listed on Spotlight. Spotlight is a special company name un-
der ATS Finans AB. ATS Finans AB is a subsidiary of Spotlight 
Group AB and is a securities company under the supervision 
of the Swedish Financial Authority. Spotlight Group AB has 
been listed on the Spotlight marketplace since 2020. Spot-
light operates a so-called MTF platform. Companies listed 
on Spotlight have undertaken to comply with Spotlights in 
accordance with current regulations. The commitment to 
comply with the regulations aims, among other things, to 
ensure that shareholders and other players in the market 
receive correct, immediate, and simultaneous information 
about all circumstances that may affect the Company’s 
share price. Trading on Spotlight takes place in an electronic 
trading system that is available to the banks and stockbrokers 
affiliated with the Nordic Growth Market (NGM). This means 
that anyone who wants to buy or sell shares listed on Spot-
light can use the banks or stockbrokers who are members 
of Spotlight. Spotlight’s regulations and share prices can be 
found on Spotlight’s website (www.spotlightstockmarket.
com).
Important information
Forward-looking statements
This Prospectus contains forward-looking statements that 
reflect the Company’s current views on future events and 
financial and operational development. Words that relate to 
indications or predictions concerning future developments 
or trends, and that do not refer to historical facts, constitute 
forward-looking statements. Forward-looking information is 
inherently associated with both known as well as unknown 
risks and uncertainties, given their dependence on future 
events and circumstances. Forward-looking information 
is no guarantee of future results or development, and the 
actual results may differ materially from what is stated in the 
forward-looking information. Statements about the outside 
world and future conditions in this Prospectus reflect the 
Board of Directors’ current view on future events and financial 
developments. Forward-looking information express only the 
assessments and assumptions made by the Board of Direc-
tors at the time of this Prospectus. These statements are well 
thought out, but the reader is made aware that these, like all 
future assessments, are associated with uncertainty.
Business and market information
This Prospectus contains market information relating to 
DanCann Pharma’s business and the market in which the 
Company operates. Unless otherwise stated, such informa-
tion has been derived from reports prepared by third parties 
and/or is based on the Company’s analysis of several different 
sources. The Company has not independently verified and 
cannot give any assurances as to the correctness of industry 
and market information contained in this Prospectus that 
was extracted or derived from such industry publications 
or reports. Industry and market information is inherently 
forward-looking, subject to uncertainty, and does not neces-
sarily reflect actual market conditions. Industry publications 
or reports generally state that the information reproduced 
therein has been obtained from sources deemed to be reli-
able, but the accuracy and completeness of such information 
cannot be guaranteed. Certain information in this Prospectus 
has been prepared by the Company, in some cases based 
on assumptions. Although the Company believes that the 
methods and assumptions are reasonable, the information 
has only to a limited extent been reviewed or verified against 
external sources. Against this background, the reader shall 
note that the financial information, market information, and 
estimates of market information presented in this Prospec-
tus do not necessarily constitute reliable indicators of the 
Company’s future performance. However, as far as the Board 
of Directors is aware and can ascertain by comparisons with 
other information published by the relevant third parties, no 
facts have been omitted which could render the information 
provided inaccurate or misleading.
Disputes
Disputes due to the content of the memorandum or related 
legal matters shall be settled per Danish law and Danish court.

--- Page 3 ---
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 4 / 126
PAGE 5 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
DanCann Pharma A/S
CVR No.: 3942 6005
Rugvænget 5, DK-6823,
Ansager, Denmark
Tel.: +45 6916 0393
info@dancann.com
www.dancann.com
Table of contents
Documents incorporated by reference ......................................................................... 06.
Summary .................................................................................................................................... 07.
Responsibility statement ..................................................................................................... 14.
Business overview .................................................................................................................. 17.
Market overview ...................................................................................................................... 37.
Risk factors ................................................................................................................................ 59.
Terms and conditions for the securities ....................................................................... 69.
Terms and conditions for the offer ................................................................................. 73.
Corporate governance ......................................................................................................... 83.
Selected financial information .......................................................................................... 93.
Comments to the financial development .................................................................... 99.
Legal issues, ownership structure, and additional information .........................103.
Information from third parties .........................................................................................109.
Definitions .................................................................................................................................. 113.
Available documents ............................................................................................................. 117.
Appendix A ................................................................................................................................ 119.

--- Page 4 ---
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 6 / 126
PAGE 7 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
The investor should take note of the information incorporated 
in the Prospectus by reference and that the information to 
which reference is made should be read as part of the Pro-
spectus. The information given below as part of the following 
documents is incorporated into the Prospectus by reference. 
Copies of the Prospectus and the documents incorporated 
by reference can be obtained from DanCann Pharma elec-
tronically via the Company’s website, www.dancann.com/
investor-relations-ir/financial-reports, or obtained by the 
Company in paper format at the Company’s office with ad-
Documents ­incorporated 
by reference
ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
1st of January 2020 – 31st of December 2020
Page number
Independent auditor’s report
5–6
Income statement
11
Balance sheet
12-13
Statement of changes in equity
14
Cash flow statement
15
Notes to the financial statements
16-19
ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
1st of January 2021 – 31st of December 2021
Page number
Independent auditor’s report
24-25
Income statement
26
Balance sheet
27-28
Statement of changes in equity
29
Cash flow statement
30
Notes to the financial statements
31-35
INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
1st of January 2022 – 30 June 2022
Page number
Income statement for the group
26
Balance sheet for the group
27
Cash flow statement
28
SECTION 1 - INTRODUCTION
1.1
Name and international 
securities identification 
number (‘ISIN’) of the 
securities
The Issue of Units consists of units in DanCann Pharma A/S. 
Share: ISIN code DK0061410487, Ticker DANCAN. 
Warrant TO2: ISIN code DK0061927266, Ticker DanCann Pharma A/S Warrant
1.2
Name and contact de-
tails to the issuer
DanCann Pharma A/S, corporate registration number 39 42 60 05, and LEI code 549300KLXQ6I-
C2YUUB58. Representatives of DanCann Pharma may be reached at telephone +45 29 63 69 20 and 
by e-mail info@dancann.com. The Company’s visiting address is Rugvænget 5, DK-6823 Ansager, 
Denmark and the website is www.dancann.com.
1.3
Name and contact details 
for the relevant authority 
that has approved this 
prospectus
The Danish Financial Supervisory Authority (Dk. Finanstilsynet) (the “DFSA”) is the competent authority 
that is responsible for the approval of the Prospectus. The visiting address to the DFSA is Strandgade 
29, 1401 Copenhagen, Denmark, and the website is www.finanstilsynet.dk. The DFSA can also be 
reached on phone at +45 33 55 82 82 and email finanstilsynet@ftnet.dk.
1.4
Date of approval
The EU Growth Prospectus was approved by the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority on the 21st of 
October 2022.
1.5
Warning
This summary should be read as an introduction to the EU Growth Prospectus. Any decision to invest 
in the securities should be based on the investor studying the entire Prospectus. The investor may 
lose all or part of his/her invested capital. If a claim related to information in the EU Growth Prospectus 
is made in court, the investor claiming under national law in the Member State may have to pay the 
cost of translating the EU Growth Prospectus before the legal proceedings begin. Civil liability covers 
only those persons who have presented the summary, including translations thereof, but only if the 
summary is misleading, incorrect, or inconsistent with the other parts of the EU Growth Prospectus or 
if it together with other parts of the EU Growth Prospectus does not provide the key information that 
investors need when deciding whether to invest in the securities concerned.
Summary
dress: Rugvænget 5, DK-6823 Ansager, Denmark. The parts 
of the document that are not incorporated are either not 
relevant to the investors or the corresponding information is 
reproduced elsewhere in the Prospectus.
SECTION 2 - Key information about the issuer
2.1
Who is the issuer of the 
securities?
DanCann Pharma, was incorporated as an entrepreneurial limited company (ELC) under the laws of 
Denmark on 20 March 2018. The Company was reregistered to a private limited company on 26 June 
2020, and DanCann Pharma was converted into a public limited company on 6 July 2020. The Com-
pany’s visiting address is Rugvænget 5, DK-6823 Ansager, Denmark. The Board of Directors has its 
registered office in Ansager, Denmark. The Company’s CEO is Jeppe Krog Rasmussen since 2018.
DanCann Pharma is a Danish biopharmaceutical company powered by cannabinoids. DanCann Pharma 
is a vertically integrated, licensed production and distribution company. The Company focuses on 
discovering, developing, manufacturing, and commercializing new therapeutic cannabinoids in a wide 
range of disease areas, dedicated to the commercialization of innovative prescription products target-
ing the European market.
DanCann Pharma is neither directly nor indirectly controlled by any shareholder(s). The following table 
illustrates the Company’s main shareholders with holdings corresponding to at least five (5) percent 
of the votes and capital.The Board of Directors informs that, there are no shareholder agreements or 
other agreements between the Company’s shareholders, which seek to have joint influence over the 
Company.
Part
Number of shares
Percentage of votes and capital 
(%)
Jeppe Krog Rasmussen (through Xignotus Capi-
tal ApS, a wholly owned company)
5,747,023
20.19
Total
5,747,023
20.19
Other shareholders (less than 5 % each)
22,721,266
79.81
Total
28,468,289
100

--- Page 5 ---
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 8 / 126
PAGE 9 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
SECTION 2 - Key information about the issuer
2.2
What is the key financial 
information regarding 
the issuer?
The financial information incorporated in this Prospectus by reference includes the consolidated annual 
reports for the financial years 2020 and 2021 and interim accounts pertaining to the financial period 1st 
of January 2022 to 30th of June 2022, with comparative accounts for the period 1st of January 2021 to 
30th of June 2021, which have been prepared in accordance with the provisions of the Danish Financial 
Statements Act governing enterprises of reporting class C.
Consolidated income statement for the group
DKK 1,000
2022-01-01
- 2022-06-30
Unaudited
2021-01-01
- 2021-06-30
Unaudited
2021-01-01
- 2021-12-31
Audited
2020-01-01
- 2020-12-31
Audited
Net revenue
2,037
-
874
-
Gross loss
4,020
2,909
6,494
2,835
Operating loss
9,304
6,362
14,508
5,871
Balance sheet for the group
DKK 1,000
2022-06-30
Unaudited
2021-06-30
Unaudited
2021-12-31
Audited
2020-12-31
Audited
Non-current assets
54,953
31,978
51,343
19,984
Current assets
13,038
12,899
17,651
29,567
Assets in total
67,991
44,877
68,994
49,551
Equity
54,386
39,739
53,370
44,325
Liabilities
13,605
3,786
14,650
3,889
Equity & liabilities in 
total
67,991
44,877
68,944
49,551
Cash flow statement for the group 
DKK 1,000
2022-01-01
- 2022-06-30
Unaudited
2021-01-01
- 2021-06-30
Unaudited
2021-01-01
- 2021-12-31
Audited
2020-01-01
- 2020-12-31
Audited
Cash flow from operating 
activity
-6,764
-3,286
-11,985
-7,662
Cash flow from investing 
activity
-4,717
-12,223
-32,248
-19,072
Cash flow from financing 
activities
9,548
23
30,637
47,997
Changes in cash and 
cash equivalents
-1,933
-15,532
-13,596
21,332
2.3
What are the key risks 
that are specific to the 
issuer?
Clinical trials and studies
Clinical trials  and the pharmaceutical industry are associated with a great level of uncertainty. Since 
cannabis and cannabinoids is new medical field and previously been stigmatise, there is inadequate 
data and research on the area, which makes it harder to predict the outcome of clinical trials and stud-
ies as well as the likelihood of success. 
The uncertainty is largely connected to the risks related to delays in certain processes and the out-
come of the results. There is a risk that the results from DanCann Pharma’s partners and its clinical trials 
do not match the results in more extensive ongoing trials of the product portfolio and pipeline, which 
thus indicates insufficient safety and efficiency. This could affect the Company’s ability to launch its 
pharmaceutical products. In addition, it could lead to delayed launches of the Company’s products, 
which would affect DanCann Pharma’s ability to generate income and thereby harming the financial 
position of the Company for a period of time. Therefore, there is a risk that the potential outcome of the 
clinical trials could be undesirable, which could mean that DanCann Pharma and its partners need to 
reconsider the formulation and design of the products.
A part of DanCann Pharma’s business is to conduct the clinical trials and studies through partnership. 
As for now, DanCann Pharma has two candidates in stage two and there is a risk that these two will 
not make it through the entire process. The Company invest money and time in these clinical trials and 
studies and if the candidates does not make it through the entire process they will only be as cost for 
the Company and will consequently not contribute to DanCann Pharma’s ability to generate income in 
the future.
DanCann Pharma assesses the likelihood of the risk occurring as medium. If the risk should materialise, 
DanCann Pharma considers the potential negative impact to be high.
Financing and capital needs
DanCann Pharma is not profitable and has incurred losses every year since its formation and the finan-
cial year 2021 was the first year the Company had revenue. DanCann Pharma’s future plans carry sig-
nificant costs for DanCann Pharma. If DanCann Pharma does not receive at least approximately DKK 12 
million in the Issue of Units (approximately 42 percent of the Offer) and all alternative financing oppor-
tunities fail, there is a risk that DanCann Pharma will have to revise the development plans significantly, 
which consequently may delay or temporarily halt the developments of DanCann Pharma’s operation.
There is a risk that delays in DanCann Pharma’s clinical trials, controlled studies, and/or or product de-
velopments, will result in a delayed market breakthrough and consequently cash flow being generated 
later than expected. Delaying market breakthroughs in emerging markets could result in lower revenue 
for the Company, which may mean that the Company’s breakeven will be generated later than planned. 
Consequently, there is a risk that DanCann Pharma’s targets regarding the market penetration and 
sales will not be achieved within the determined timeframe and that it takes longer than planned to 
reach the determined milestones.
DanCann Pharma may have a need for additional capital in the future and there is a risk that such capital 
cannot be raised (please see the section “Working capital statement”). In the long run, there is a risk 
that, if all financing options fail, the Company goes bankrupt. Thus, there is a risk that investors lose their 
entire investment in the Company in the event that the Company goes bankrupt.
DanCann Pharma assesses the likelihood of the risk occurring as medium. If the risk should materialise, 
DanCann Pharma considers the potential negative impact to be high.
Final permission(s) and approval(s) from the danish medicine agency
Due to the date of the Prospectus approval, DanCann Pharma does not have all the necessary licenses 
needed to realize its business. To be able to promote and sell medical cannabis, permissions must be 
obtained from the Danish Medicine Agency (DMA). DanCann Pharma is licensed under the Develop-
ment Scheme (please see the definition under the section “Definitions”), from which DanCann Pharma 
can develop its production facilities, procedures, and its cultivation and production of medical cannabis. 
However, in order to import and/or produce medical cannabis that will be available for prescription, Dan-
Cann Pharma must be licensed under the Pilot Programme (please see the definition under the section 
“Definitions”). 
DanCann Pharma intends to obtain license under the Pilot Programme and to develop its business with 
facilities for manufacturing of medical cannabis. Further, DanCann Pharma’s manufactured products 
must undergo an approval process by the DMA before sales and/or exports can begin. There is a risk 
that DanCann Pharma will not receive the necessary permits from the DMA without making adjust-
ment to the application and/or the Company’s manufactured products. If adjustments are needed, 
it will mean that the permit process will be delayed and become more expensive. This poses a risk 
to Company’s ability to generate revenue temporarily, which would adversely affect the Company’s 
earnings and financial position. In worst case scenario, it is established that the Company will not be 
possible to receive the necessary permits, which would affect the Company’s ability to generate reve-
nue permanently and mean that the Company cannot conduct its planned operations.
DanCann Pharma assesses the likelihood of the risk occurring as low. If the risk should materialise, 
DanCann Pharma considers the potential negative impact to be high.

--- Page 6 ---
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 10 / 126
PAGE 11 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
SECTION 3 – key information on the securities
3.1
What are the main fea-
tures of the securities?
Type, category, and isin of the securities
DanCann Pharma’s New Shares and New Warrants in the Issue of Units are admitted to trading on 
Spotlight. There is only one class of shares in DanCann Pharma. One (1) Unit consists of ten (10) New 
Shares and six (six) Warrants of series TO2. The ISIN-code for the shares is DK0061410487 and the 
ISIN-Code for the New Warrants is DK0061927266.
Currency, nominal value, and number of shares
DanCann Pharma has only one class of shares and all outstanding shares have been fully paid. The 
New Shares and New Warrants  are denominated in DKK. Before the Issue of Units, DanCann Pharma’s 
registered share capital amounts to DKK 1,067,560.8375 divided among 28,468,289 shares. Each share 
has a nominal value of DKK 0.0375. The New Shares in the Company is issued per Danish law.
Rights attached to the securities
All rights attached to the New Shares are added to the one registered in the share register kept by 
VP Securities A/S (“VP”). The New Shares will have the same rights as the Existing Shares. The rights 
include voting rights, the right to receive a dividend, the right to participate in the proceeds in case of a 
dissolution or liquidation of the Company, and pre-emptive rights in connection with the issue of new/
additional warrants, convertible bonds, and shares by cash contribution.
DanCann Pharma is a growth company and has not since its formation paid dividends to the sharehold-
ers. Nor does the Company have a dividend policy. The Board of Directors of DanCann Pharma intends 
to finance development, operations, and growth with possible profits. Any future dividends, and the 
amount of such, are among other things dependent on the Company’s future earnings, financial condi-
tion, working capital requirements, and liquidity.
In the event of a dividend, all shares in the Company carry an equal right to dividends. Dividend on the 
New Shares that are newly issued in the Issue of Units as described in this Prospectus will be paid on 
the record day for the dividend that may occur after the registration of the New Shares in the share 
register kept by VP. The dividend is not of an accumulated nature. The right to a dividend applies to 
investors who are registered as shareholders in DanCann Pharma on the record day for the distribution 
of dividends. There are no existing restrictions on dividends or special procedures for shareholders res-
ident outside of Denmark, and payment of any distribution of dividend is intended to take place via VP in 
the same manner as for shareholders resident in Denmark. Dividend accrues to DanCann Pharma, if it 
has not been claimed by the Shareholder within ten years after the declaration of dividend.
In the event of the Company’s insolvency, liquidation, or dissolution, the New Shares have same level 
seniority as the Existing Shares, including with respect to any surplus. In the event of insolvency, liqui-
dation, or dissolution proceedings of the Company, the Company’s creditors will be satisfied in accor-
dance with the Danish Insolvency Act, and only if all creditors are paid in full, any excessive surplus are 
divided to the shareholders pro rata in accordance with the shareholders’ share of ownership.
The securities´ transferability
There are no restrictions on the transferability of the shares or warrants, except for the lock-up agree-
ment described under the section “Lock-up agreements”.
3.2
Where will the securities 
be traded? 
The shares in DanCann Pharma are traded on Spotlight, a multilateral trading facility (MTF). The New 
Shares and New Warrants will be admitted to trading on Spotlight upon registration of the Issue of 
Units.
3.3
Is there a guarantee at-
tached to the securities? 
The securities are not covered by guarantees.
3.4
What are the key risks 
that are specific to the 
securities?
Share price development, volatility, and liquidity
Existing and prospective shareholders should consider that an investment  in DanCann Pharma is 
associated with risks and that it cannot be predicted whether the share price will have a positive devel-
opment. This entails a risk that an investor may lose all or part of their invested capital in the Company. 
DanCann Pharma’s share price has historically been volatile and may continue to fluctuate as a result 
of, among other things, revenues variations in the Company’s quarterly reports, the general economic 
situation, and changes in the stock market’s interest in DanCann Pharma and its shares. Limited liquidity 
in the shares can also contribute to amplify such fluctuations in the share price.
Average turnover per trading day in DanCann Pharma’s share during the period 1 January – 31 August 
2022 amounted to 315,142.2 DKK per day. Average closing price per trading day in DanCann Pharma’s 
share during the same period amounted to 3,45 DKK per share, with the lowest closing price amount-
ing to 1.00 DKK per share and the highest closing price amounting to 6.78 DKK per share.
The share price may thus be affected by factors that are wholly or partly outside DanCann Pharma’s 
control. An investment in DanCann Pharma should therefore be preceded by a careful analysis of the 
Company, its competitors, general information about the industry, the general economic situation, and 
other relevant information. There is a risk that shares in the Company cannot be sold to a price accept-
able to the shareholder at any given time.
DanCann Pharma assesses the likelihood of the risk occurring as high. If the risk should materialise, 
DanCann Pharma considers the potential negative impact to be medium.
Warrants
In the Issue of Units, the instrument consists of so-called units, each of which consists of ten (10) New 
Shares and six (6) New Warrants. Each New Warrant entails a right to subscribe for a newly issued 
share in the Company at a predetermined price under a certain period in the future. The New Warrants 
can be transferred and are intended to be admitted to trading on Spotlight.
The price development of the Company’s shares may affect the trading with the New Warrants. The 
New Warrants only have a value if the subscription price for the newly issued shares in the future is 
less than the market price of the Company’s shares at the time of subscription. This means that the 
probability that the New Warrants may lose their entire value is greater than, for example, shares in 
the Company. There is thus a risk that the New Warrants will not increase in value or that they do not 
represent a value at the time they expire. There is also a risk that the liquidity in the trading of these New 
Warrants is not good enough for them to be sold on terms satisfactory to the holders.
In the event that the subscription price exceeds the market price of the Company’s shares at the time 
of subscription, there is a risk that the New Warrants will not be exercised, which would mean that the 
DanCann Pharma will not receive additional capital and would affect the Company’s financial situation.
DanCann Pharma assesses the likelihood of the risk occurring as medium. If the risk should materialise, 
DanCann Pharma considers the potential negative impact to be high.
Psychological factors
There is a risk that the securities market is affected by physical factors, such as trends, rumours, and 
reactions to news and events, which are not directly related to the business of the Company. Since 
DanCann Pharma is operating in the field of medical cannabis, that, in some cases, are affected by rel-
atively large number of factors, such as political, ethical, and regulatory, the Company may be exposed 
to a greater degree of risk and thus becoming a victim of trends and rumours that may potentially 
generate greater psychological vulnerability for the Company. In other words, there is a risk that Dan-
Cann Pharma is more exposed to peoples’ general line of opinion, trends, and rumours than companies 
operating in more traditional business areas.
There is a risk that psychological factors and its subsequent effects on price developments will 
adversely affect the market price of the DanCann Pharma’s Shares. A lower share price may cause 
difficulties for the Company to raise additional capital on favourable terms in the future.
There is therefore a risk that the Company’s share price will be affected to a greater extent due psy-
chological factors than securities in companies that are also admitted to trading but operates in more 
traditional business areas.
DanCann Pharma assesses the likelihood of the risk occurring as high. If the risk should materialise, 
DanCann Pharma considers the potential negative impact to be medium.

--- Page 7 ---
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 12 / 126
PAGE 13 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
SECTION 4 – Key information on the offer of securities to the public
4.1
Under which conditions 
and timetable can I in-
vest in this security?
The offer
Existing shareholders, the public, and professional investors in Sweden and Denmark are hereby invited 
to subscribe for units in the Company during the period from 31st October 2022 to 11th November 2022. 
The Board of Directors of the Company resolved on 21st October 2022, based on an authorization from 
the Extraordinary General Meeting on 20th September, to carry out the Issue of Units and to increase 
the share capital by a maximum of DKK 1,779,267.750 through a new issue of a maximum of 47,447,140 
New Shares, each with a nominal value of DKK 0.0375 and also issue a maximum of 28,468,284 New 
Warrants. The maximum proceeds of the Issue of Units amount to a maximum of approximately DKK 
28.5 million. The cost of the initial Issue of Units amounts to approximately DKK 6 million. The cost of full 
exercise of the New Warrants amounts to approximately DKK 0.15–1.9 million.
A maximum of 4,744,714 units will be issued and the subscription price in the issue will be DKK 6.00 per 
unit. One (1) unit consists of ten (10) New Shares and six (6) New Warrants, issued free of payment. One 
(1) New Warrant gives the right to subscribe for one (1) share in the Company for the Warrant Exercise 
Price during the Warrant Exercise Period.
Subscription price
The subscription price is DKK 6.00 per unit. DanCann Pharma will not charge investors any fees for 
subscribing to the Offer, however, a brokerage fee may occur.
Subscription period
Subscription period of units will commence on 31st October 2022 at 9:00 a.m. CET and will close on 11th 
November 2022 at 5:00 p.m. CET.
Pre-subscription commitments and guarantee commitments
DanCann Pharma has, in August 2022, received pre-subscription commitments and guarantee com-
mitments of approximately DKK 21.9 million, which corresponds to approximately 77 percent of the ini-
tial issue volume, of which approximately DKK 2.3 million is made up of pre-subscription commitments 
and approximately DKK 19.6 million are made up of guarantee commitments.
New warrants 
One (1) New Warrant gives the right to subscribe for one (1) new Share during the exercise period for 
the New Warrants, which is set to take place from 16 May 2023 until and including the 31 May 2023. 
The exercise price for the New Warrants will be 70 percent of the volume-weighted average price 
during the period of ten trading days up to but not including the second trading day before the first day 
of the exercise period of the New Warrants. However, the exercise price for the New Warrants can-
not be below the quota value, i.e., DKK 0.0375, or exceed DKK 1.20 per share. If all New Warrants are 
exercised during this period, the Company will receive an additional of approximately DKK 1–34.2 million 
before issue costs.
Publication of the outcome of the issue
The results of the Offer will be communicated in a company announcement expected to be published 
through Spotlight no later than three trading days after the expiry of the subscription period and there-
fore expected to be announced on 16th November 2022.
Dilution
As per the Prospectus Date, the Company’s registered share capital had a nominal value of DKK 
1,067,560.8375 divided into 28,468,289 Existing Shares with a nominal value of DKK 0.037500. All 
Existing Shares are issued and fully paid up, and each Existing Share represents 1 vote. Upon issue of 
the units, the percentage of ownership of the Existing Shareholders may be reduced. If the Existing 
Shareholders refrain from exercising pre-emptive rights allocated to them in connection with the Offer, 
each Existing Shareholder’s ownership will be diluted by approximately 62.50 percent. If the Existing 
Shareholders elect to partly exercise the pre-emptive rights allocated to them, the rate of dilution will 
be between 0 to 62.5 percent depending on the exercise. If the Existing Shareholders exercise their 
pre-emptive rights in full, they will not be diluted.
4.2
Why is this EU growth 
prospectus being pro-
duced?
Reasons for the issue
According to DanCann Pharma’s assessment, the existing working capital, which is intended to finance 
the development of the business, is not sufficient for current needs Therefore, DanCann Pharma has 
decided to resolve on the Issue of Units according to this Prospectus.
Use of issue proceeds
The proceeds from the Offer will be used to strengthen the Company’s capital base and capital re-
sources to implement the Company’s strategy and objectives. The proceeds received from the Issue 
of Units will enable the Company to finalize its activities according to its guidance in terms of obtaining 
necessary permissions from the DMA and the approval of BP1, and hereafter also finalize the com-
mercialization of its future product portfolio consisting of the following protected trademarks through 
the European Union Intellectual Property Office Certificate of Registration: Tetracanoid®, Bidiocanoid®, 
Mixcanoid®, Varincanoid® and Bigerolcanoid®. Furthermore, DanCann Pharma aims to accelerate and 
extend its product portfolio of imported medical cannabis and cannabinoid-based drugs and pharma-
ceuticals.
The Company intends to use the issue proceeds as follows:
Issue costs
The total cost for the initial part of the Issue of Units amounts to approximately DKK 5.4 million, equal-
ling approximately 19 percent of the initial issue volume. Given a full subscription rate of the warrants 
series TO2, the cost amounts to approximately DKK 0.15–1.8 million, equalling approximately 5.3–14.4 
percent of the warrants issue volume. The total cost thus amounts to approximately DKK 5.5–7.2 mil-
lion, equalling approximately 12–19 percent of the total issue volume.
Potential payable fees
Clearing and settlement take place within the framework of the VP’s system in Denmark. This may 
mean that banks and managers who are not members of VP in Denmark may charge an administrative 
fee for subscription in DanCann Pharma’s new Issue of Units. In addition, a fee, in the form of a broker-
age fee, may be taken for trading in DanCann Pharma’s Share and/or warrants.
Initial issue – approximately dkk 23 million (net proceeds):
•	
Operation costs: approximately 55 percent
•	
Further development of the product portfolio: approximately 20 percent
•	
Repayment of loan: approximately 25 percent
New warrants – approximately dkk 0.95–32.3 Million1  (net proceeds):
Upon full exercise of the New Warrants, the Company can be provided with an additional approximately 
DKK 1–34.2 million before deduction of transaction-related costs.
•	
Scaling of production: approximately 70 percent
•	
Repayment of outstanding debt obligations: approximately 30 percent
Working capital
According to the Company’s assessment, the existing working capital intended to finance the 
12-month development of the operations and the Company’s growth plan is not sufficient for the 
current needs as of the Prospectus Date. The deficit amounts to approximately DKK 15 million. A need 
for additional working capital is expected to arise in December 2023. To provide the Company with 
working capital, DanCann Pharma is carrying out an Issue of Units, which can provide the Company 
with a maximum of DKK 28.5 million (after compensation to bridge financiers and issue costs but 
including bridge financing of approximately DKK 15.2 million). In the event that the forthcoming Offer is 
fully subscribed, the Company assesses that the proceeds will finance DanCann Pharma’s growth plan 
until December 2023.
In order to raise sufficient working capital to be able to run its operations at a desirable pace for at least 
twelve months ahead, it is required that the Company is provided with at least approximately DKK 12 
million through the Initial issue of Units described in this Prospectus. DanCann Pharma has as of the 
Prospectus date, secured a total of approximately DKK 21.9 million (before transaction-related costs) 
through pre-subscription commitments and guarantee commitments, which corresponds to approx-
imately 77 percent of the initial issue volume and therefore securing enough working capital beyond 
the upcoming 12-months. If the Company does not raise the above-mentioned capital after financing 
issue costs, the Company will investigate alternative financing options such as additional capital raising, 
grants, or financing together with one or more partners or conduct the business at a lower rate than 
expected, until additional capital can be raised. In the long run, there is a risk that, if all financing oppor-
tunities and sales fail, the Company will file for bankruptcy.
Intrests and conflict of interest
Alexander Schoeneck, member of the Board of Directors of DanCann Pharma, is also a member of the 
Board of Directors of Corpura.
DanCann Pharma has entered into agreements on pre-subscription commitments and guarantee 
commitments with a number of external investors, existing shareholders and members of the Board of 
Directors.
DanCann Pharma has entered into underwriting guarantee agreement with a number of external inves-
tor and existing shareholders.
Apart from what has been stated above, there are no conflicts of interest within administrative, man-
agement, and supervisory bodies, nor with other individuals in senior positions in DanCann Pharma. 
In addition, there are no other natural persons or legal entities involved in the Issue of Units that have 
financial or other relevant interests in DanCann Pharma.
•	
Finalizing the EU-GMP process
•	
Finalizing the development of the inhouse product portfolio

--- Page 8 ---
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 14 / 126
PAGE 15 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
Responsibility statement
Persons responsible
The Board of Directors and the CEO of DanCann Pharma are 
responsible for the content of this Prospectus. As of the date 
of this Prospectus, the Board of Directors of the Company 
comprises of Carsten Trads (chairman), Christian Carlsen 
(vice chairman), Tue Østergaard (member), Jeppe Krog Ras-
mussen (member), and Alexander Schoeneck (member). For 
additional information regarding DanCann Pharma’s board 
members and CEO, please refer to the section “Board of Di-
rectors and executive management” in this Prospectus.
Statement by the ceo and board of directors 
of DanCann Pharma A/S
We hereby declare, as the persons responsible for this Pro-
spectus on behalf of DanCann Pharma A/S (CVR no. 39 42 
60 05), that to the best of our know­ledge, the information 
contained in this Prospectus is in accordance with the facts 
and that the Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its 
import.
Danish financial supervisory authority
This Prospectus has been approved and registered by 
the DFSA as a competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. The DFSA only approves this Prospectus as 
meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility, 
and consistency imposed by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Such 
approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the 
quality of the securities that are the subject of this Prospec-
tus and potential investors should make their assessment as 
to the suitability of investing in the securities. The Prospectus 
has been drawn up as part of an EU Growth prospectus in 
accordance with Article 15 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.
Carsten Trads 
Chief Executive Officer of C-Plus Consult	
Tue Østergaard
Founder and Chief Executive Officer of 
HC Andersen Capital	
Alexander Schoeneck
Professional investor and Chief Executive 
Officer of JJV Invest AB
Christian Carlsen
Managing Partner of Volvér ApS
Jeppe Krog Rasmussen
Founder and Chief Executive Officer of 
DanCann Pharma
	
	
Ansager, 21st October 2022
DanCann Pharma A/S
The Board of Directors and the CEO
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 15 / 126
OCTOBER 2022

--- Page 9 ---
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 16 / 126
PAGE 17 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
General
The Company’s legal and commercial name is DanCann 
Pharma A/S with the corporate registration number (Dk. 
CVR no.) 39 42 60 05. The LEI code of the Company is 
549300KLXQ6IC2YUUB58. DanCann Pharma was incor-
porated in Denmark on 26 June 2020 and is a Danish public 
limited liability company governed by Danish law and the 
Danish Companies Act (Dk. Selskabsloven). DanCann Pharma 
is a Danish pharmaceutical biotechnology company powered 
by cannabinoids and the Company is focusing on discover-
ing, developing, manufacturing, and commercializing of novel 
cannabinoid therapeutics in a broad range of disease areas. 
The Board of Directors has its registered office in Ansag-
er, Denmark. Representatives of DanCann Pharma may be 
reached at telephone +45 69 16 03 93 and by e-mail info@
dancann.com. The Company’s visiting address is Rugvæn-
get 5, DK-6823 Ansager, Denmark and the website is www.
dancann.com. It is to be noted that the information on the 
Company’s website does not form part of the Prospectus 
unless the information is incorporated in the Prospectus by 
reference.
Background
DanCann Pharma is a Danish biopharmaceutical company 
powered by cannabinoids, licensed for production and distri-
bution of products based on cannabinoids. Cannabinoids is 
the active components from the plant cannabis. The Compa-
ny conducts its business through work with both cannabis 
and cannabinoids as handling of the cannabis plant is part of 
the process in producing cannabinoids, the component used 
for therapeutic and medical purposes.
The Company is rooted in a constellation as a group, which 
focuses on production through DanCann Pharma and distri-
bution through its fully owned subsidiary, CannGros ApS. The 
configuration is divided so that DanCann handles all its own 
production of ingredients and bulk goods, while CannGros 
handles sourcing and approval, enabling/delivery technolo-
gies, medical devices, distribution, branding, collaboration and 
education.
Business overview
The Board of Directors certifies that the information derived from 
references and citations has been described and reproduced as 
found and that – as far as the Board of Directors is aware of and can 
ascertain from information published by the third party – no facts or 
information have been omitted, which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.

--- Page 10 ---
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 18 / 126
PAGE 19 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
DanCann Pharma is an early-stage company with the inten-
tion to establish itself on the European medicinal cannabis 
market. The Company is overall focused on discovering, de-
veloping, manufacturing, and commercializing novel cannabi-
noid therapeutics in a broad range of disease areas, dedicated 
to the commercialization of innovative prescription products 
targeting the European market. The Company already has al-
ready as of the Prospectus Date market activities in Denmark, 
and has also set its focus on Germany in particular.
DanCann Pharma was established due to the poor access for 
cannabis and cannabinoid-based products, which led to that 
people instead went to the uncontrolled illegal market. For 
that reason, DanCann Pharma today works with the mis-
sion of securing access to treatments with quality assured 
cannabinoid substances. The Company creates and makes 
solutions for tomorrow’s tough challenges by the use of can-
nabis- and cannabinoids for therapeutic purposes.
DanCann Pharma is built from a foundation of care, and with 
a passion to improve health and the quality of life for patients 
with challenges, and has its primary focus on patient groups 
with unmet needs. 
As a company, DanCann Pharma wants to offer an alternative 
to the many patients who have not achieved the required 
quality of life with known medicine as of today, and focus-
es on, among other things but not limited to, the following 
patient groups:
•	
Pain (neuro) management (alternative or 
combination to treatment with opioids)
•	
Mental disorders (e.g., PTSD and anxiety)
•	
Skin conditions (e.g., psoriasis)
•	
Appetite stimulation and suppressant (e.g., 
anorexia, obesity and cancer treatment)
•	
Sleep and well-being
The Company works according to a formula based on an 
equation between evidence and relative number of patients 
who are prescribed the product for the disease. This is the 
superior mechanism for the Company’s entire portfolio and 
its future construction, built on data and evidence.
Medicinal cannabis companies have in recent years started 
to accelerate their sales significantly. DanCann Pharma is 
intending to capitalize on opportunities in the growing market 
for medical cannabis products in Europe. Eased regulatory 
environment, launch of new products, awareness as well as 
clinical evidence, and an in general favourable stance to me-
dicinal cannabis has been key for this progress.
DanCann Pharma is already well positioned in the starting 
pits – the Company has several distributions agreements and 
LOI’s signed, giving the Company a very interesting product 
portfolio for the Nordic as well as the European market. The 
Company’s business plan stands on different pillars spreading 
risks, and the Company already has interesting collaborations 
that opens the potential for revenue streams in near future.
The Company’s business model is based on different pillars. 
The first pillar is to import and distribute medical cannabis 
products in the Nordics and in Europe. The second pillar is to 
cultivate, process, and export cannabis ingredients (APIs) and 
bulk goods. Lastly, the Company licensing and acquiring ex-
clusive rights to innovative products and clinically de-risked, 
commercial stage, proprietary drugs and pharmaceuticals, 
with focus on data profiles and delivery methods to meet the 
individual patient’s needs, both in breadth (delivery methods) 
and depth (formulation) and hereby no directly R&D or clinical 
activities associated risks to the business, which is hugely 
expensive and costly to operate. 
Over time, this will intensify and hereby secure a diversified 
portfolio of IP-protected products for the Company.
1.	
Manufacturing of ingredients/bulk (cannabinoids)
2.	
Import of medicinal cannabis products
3.	
In-licensing drugs and pharmaceuticals (cannabi-
noid-based)
Today, “medical cannabis” is a catch-all 
term for anything from dried cannabis 
flowers, cannabis oils, capsules, tablets 
to oromucosal spray and so on. The 
commonest product is dried flowers. 
Patients can consume these in vari-
ous ways.  But common to all of these 
product types is that they contain 
either parts of the cannabis plant, active 
substances from the plant or synthetic 
cannabinoids, including a wide range 
of other chemically active substanc-
es such as terpenes and flavonoids, 
and that they are used for treatment 
of illness. Medical cannabis can have 
an effect on various things, including 
appetite, blood pressure, blood flow to 
the brain, digestion, nausea, the immune 
system, inflammation, movement, pain, 
memory, moods, reproduction and 
stress. But it is important to state that 
medical cannabis is not based on clinical 
evidence as approved and marketed 
pharmaceuticals. However, medical 
cannabis is seen as an alternative, 
and treatment with medical cannabis 
should only be attempted if the patient 
has tested relevant approved medica-
tion without satisfactory results first. 
Cannabinoid-based pharmaceuticals 
have been authorized through the offi-
cial procedures for medicines licensing. 
This means they have been tested in 
controlled laboratory trials, animal trials 
as well as in real people (trial subjects). 
The manufacturers have submitted all 
data from these trials to the authorities, 
which have assessed that the benefits 
of these medicines outweigh the risk of 
side effects. As a result, these become 
authorized medicines.
Ingredients/bulk 
(cannabinoids)
Medical cannabis 
products
Drugs and 
pharmaceuticals
DanCann Pharma’s produces its own ingredients as well as 
medical cannabis products. In addition, the Company also 
imports finished medicinal cannabis products (generic and 
protected) as well as drugs and pharmaceuticals based on 
cannabis and cannabinoids.
DanCann Pharma’s products are fully standardized - each 
variety, batch-to-batch, contains a constant composition of 
cannabinoids. Standardization is the only method of ensuring 
a consistent therapeutic effect over time. The Company is 
both handling approved (“pharmaceuticals”) and non-regis-
tered medicines (“medical cannabis”), but as a common name, 
all the activities that the Company serves is prescription 
medicines (Rx).

--- Page 11 ---
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 20 / 126
PAGE 21 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
Built from a foundation of care 
We work passionately to improve the quality of life for pa-
tients with challenges and their relatives. 
Our reason for being lies in what was previously poor and 
limited access to cannabinoid-based drugs and pharmaceu-
ticals. Patients were forced to search for products on uncon-
trolled, illegal markets. For such a reason, DanCann Pharma 
today works to improve accessibility to treatments with 
quality assured cannabinoid substances. We develop and 
produce solutions for tomorrow’s tough challenges; however, 
we do not see ourselves as a business limited to treatments 
with medical cannabis or cannabinoids. 
At DanCann Pharma, we strive to optimize 
care and well-being for those given up on.
We thrive on the challenge of making excellent treatment 
available through alternative medicine, enabling a brighter 
future for everyone. Our business model is shaped around 
democratizing cannabinoid therapeutics and a long-term 
category impact, so our brand needs to do the same.
We are not afraid of setting bold targets for our purpose, and 
we want our brand to deliver on our grand ambitions for our-
selves and the world around us.
Vision and business idea
A Pharma venture driven by a passion for pa-
tient and relative relief
Our mission is to improve the well-being of patients and their 
relatives. We want to revolutionize health care for everyone 
and ensure that no one experiencing pains or trauma gets left 
behind.
DanCann Pharma is all about challenging the status quo. 
We saw an issue in the Danish healthcare system and are 
now working with determination to challenge it. Based on 
knowledge, insight, and innovation, we innovate life-changing 
science by going face-to-face with traditional conventions. 
Our approach is built on cannabinoid therapeutics. Canna-
binoids are active substances that affect receptors in the 
brain and human body when consumed. We are making it our 
lives work to democratize the use of these cannabinoids by 
discovering, developing, manufacturing, and commercializing 
novel cannabinoid therapeutics in various disease areas.
Our work revolves around shining new hope to patients and 
relatives who get left behind by the conventional health care 
industry. We strive to make tomorrow better than yesterday.
At DanCann Pharma, 
we strive to optimize 
care and well-being 
for those given up on.
”
Purpose
The DanCann Pharma foundation
Mission, vision, and values statements are the foundation 
for our strategic plan. They state the purpose, direction, and 
underlying values of DanCann Pharma while serving as a tool 
that provides us with guidance and direction.

--- Page 12 ---
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 22 / 126
PAGE 23 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
OUR VISION
We want to revolutionize health and quality
of life for patients with challenges
OUR MISSION
We enhance access to medicines inspired by
nature for the benefit of patients and relatives
OUR CORPORATE VALUES
Inspired by patients
• Improve quality of life
• Deliver best-in-class innovation
• Supply medicines inspired by nature
Acting with empathy
• Perform as a team
• Stay trustworthy and fair
• Embrace different opinions
Executing with passion
• Work with resolute determination
• Maintain the highest standards of excellence
• Grow our business responsibly
Definitions: MISSION: Our mission statement defines DanCann Pharma’s purpose or reason to exist. It guides our day-to-day oper-
ations, communicates our core solutions to stakeholders, and motivates our employees toward a common goal. VISION: The vision 
statement describes the future of DanCann Pharma. It reveals what we aspire to achieve long-term - a guiding star for where we are 
heading. VALUES: The values statement highlights our core principles and philosophical ideals. DanCann Pharma’s core values guide 
decisions, shape daily culture, and establish standards of conduct against which our actions and decisions can be assessed.
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 22 / 126
PAGE 23 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
HISTORY
•	
DanCann Pharma was founded in 2018 and is a pioneer 
within the field of medical cannabis- and cannabi-
noid-based drugs and pharmaceuticals and has already 
created a momentum to position itself as a prominent 
party in the Danish and European market. 
•	
DanCann Pharma became the market leader within the 
Danish Pilot Programme through the acquisition of Can-
nGros and reached revenue and sales for the first time 
in Q4-2021, and furthermore, published a 2021-report 
for the subsidiary showing profit for the year of DKK 1,65 
million.
•	
DanCann Pharma has created Biotech Pharm1 as one of 
the most advanced and efficient production units of can-
nabis ingredients for medical purposes, which expects 
to be able to bring products to market with a superb low 
content of microorganisms and micro bacteria without 
the use of irradiation.
•	
DanCann Pharma holds a license under the Development 
Scheme (since 2018) for the Biotech Pharm1 (cultiva-
tion) and has furthermore submitted for EU-GMP to be 
obtained under the Pilot Programme (submitted January 
2022).
•	
DanCann Pharma is in the process of developing its own 
product portfolio, consisting of Tetracanoid®, Bidio-
canoid®, Mixcanoid®, Varincanoid® and Bigerolcanoid®, 
based on the active substances of THC, CBD, THCV and 
CBG. DanCann Pharma has already gained traction in 
the market with these products, and has, among other 
things, entered into a dialogue with companies from 
Sweden, Germany, Poland, Israel and the UK.
•	
DanCann Pharma holds license under the Pilot Pro-
gramme to handle euphoriant substances for import and 
distribution of medical cannabis through the acquisition 
of CannGros ApS and has of today three (3) approved 
products (Bedrocan®, Bedica® and Bediol®) under the 
Pilot Programme, and furthermore, another new product 
type submitted (April 2021).
•	
DanCann Pharma has in recent years built a strong and 
exciting pipeline of medical cannabis products and can-
nabinoid-based candidates, drugs and pharmaceuticals. 
Among others: Qixleef™, Reduvo™ Adversa® and products 
based on the patented AKVANO® technology.
•	
DanCann Pharma has raised more than DKK 80 million 
since its establishment, this through seed-money, Pre-
IPO, IPO and directed share issues.
•	
DanCann Pharma is now established within permanent 
national (DK) frameworks for the manufacture of its 
products, which were previously the subject of a trial 
period, thereby the biggest risk associated with the busi-
ness was eliminated at the end of 2021.

--- Page 13 ---
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 24 / 126
PAGE 25 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
Revenue model and ­customers
The Company has its focus on areas where there are still 
unmet needs, and especially the pain area. Furthermore, 
the Company is built on a de-risked go-to-market strategy 
based on traction in several markets, focusing on Europe.
DanCann Pharma and its revenue model are built around 
framework agreements with selected players in the Europe-
an market. Typical so-called “drawdown framework agree-
ments”, where customers drawdown products each month 
against an overall assumed committed volume for a number 
of years. These are customers who are typically: pharma 
companies, biotech companies, API manufacturers, CDMO 
partners, distributors or wholesalers. As an example, in May 
2022, the Company was able to disclose and communicate 
that it had signed an LOI with Swedish Aureum Pharma AB, 
where the Company over a 3-year period expects to gain 
turnover for at least SEK 37 million, based on exclusive rights 
for DanCann Pharma’s own produced products. DanCann 
Pharma has already traction in the European market, and has, 
among other things, entered into a dialogue with companies 
from Sweden, Germany, Poland. Israel and the UK.
CannGros operates solely with sales to distributors and 
wholesalers, where in Denmark it is Nomeco and TMJ that 
purchase its products and supply the pharmacies and hospi-
tals.
OUTLOOK AND GUIDANCE
Over the next few years, the Company expects to hit its com-
mercial breakthrough, where, among other things, it expects 
to introduce new products under the Pilot Programme in H2-
2022, as well as achieve sales for its own produced products, 
which will initially be launched in 2023 .
The facility (Biotech Pharm1) is built around a proof-of-con-
cept setup, where it will operate during 2022-2023. It is esti-
mated that it will be at a commercial size from the beginning 
of 2024.
The output from the facility is based on ingredients that 
will eventually be used in the Company’s own products 
(TETRACANOID® (No 018533183), BIDIOCANOID® (No 
018533188), MIXCANOID® (No 018533189), VARINCANOID® 
(No 018533193) and BIGEROLCANOID® (No 018533195)), 
and in the shorter run as flowers/granules, which are initially 
sold as bulk (biomaterial or white label) or under the DanCann 
Pharma brand. And later this in the form of multiple delivery 
formats. The product portfolio is based on the active sub-
stances of Tetrahydrocannabinol (“THC”), Cannabidiol (“CBD”), 
Tetrahydrocannabivarin (“THCV”) and Cannabigerol (“CBG”).
Based on its aspiration, the Company expects to have reve-
nue in 2025–2027 of DKK 60-100 million, based on its two 
legs of the business around ingredients and import/export of 
medical cannabis products to the European market, and fur-
thermore to reach breakeven during 2024. This is conditional 
upon the Company obtaining the necessary approvals from 
the Danish Medicines Agency under the Pilot Programme to 
produce medical cannabis and thereby obtain the expected 
EU-GMP certification of Biotech Pharm1, as well as the ap-
proval of the Company’s new product type based on extracts 
of cannabis in an oil solution drop, which was submitted in 
April 2021. Furthermore, future expansion will consist of the 
Company broadening its product portfolio with more formu-
lations during 2024 and 2025 in the form of extracts of can-
nabis in an oil solution drop, as well as the distribution of these 
in the Company’s identified future core markets (Denmark, 
Germany, Poland, the UK, and Israel).
All the above is conditional upon the Offer being subscribed in 
full (100 percent) and that the New Warrants are exercised in 
full with a total issue funds from the New Warrants amount-
ing to around DKK 0.95–32.3 million, so that the necessary 
investments can be made and thus bring the Company to a 
stage where it reaches breakeven in 2024 on its two busi-
ness legs.
In addition, the Company will continue to invest in its market 
development, including its commercial forces in the task of 
purchasing (in-licensing) new products and rights for the 
European market, as well as its penetration and its regulatory 
work.
Upcoming cannabinoid-based drugs and pharmaceuticals 
from Tetra Bio-Pharma expect its go-to-market during 
2026, 2027 and 2028, where this agreement could yield up 
to accumulated DKK 340-410 million in total sales by 2028, 
penetrating the market for the very first time during the end 
of 2025. Due to the still high likelihood of these to fail, these 
should not yet be seen as a part of the guidance for the Com-
pany.
The challenges connected to the strategy and goals above 
can be found in the section “Risk factors”, please see the fol-
lowing risks in particular: “Final permission(s) and approval(s) 
from the Danish Medicine Agency”; “Clinical trials and studies; 
Financing and capital needs”; “Market growth, market pene-
tration and marketing”; and “Warrants”.

--- Page 14 ---
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 26 / 126
PAGE 27 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 26 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
PRODUCTION 
Introduction
The terminology and philosophy behind
Biotech Pharm1 
The DMA attaches great importance to adhering to qual-
ity standards and regulatory requirements for cultivating 
medical cannabis without the use of pesticides, and therefore 
DanCann Pharma has carefully evaluated various cultivation 
options. It is DanCann Pharma’s own assessment that can-
nabis cultivation under greenhouse conditions will struggle 
and might even fail to meet the strict requirements for hy-
giene, quality, uniformity and strength and no use of pesti-
cides over time. Large scale greenhouse operations in general 
are not an optimal go-to approach for producing standard-
ized medicines. The footprint of the facility or the amount of 
square footage you have is not the essential - it is the quality 
of your product that matters and efficiency per square feet 
- and it is not easily obtainable in a large-scale greenhouse 
facility, and hence, it must be expected that part of its batches 
will be thrown away, due to the difficult conditions to control 
the plant under, and the strict control saying, that the batches 
may only fluctuate by 10% from its starting point from batch 
to batch, which will put partners and ultimately patients in 
a very unfortunate situation. That is why the Company has 
committed to produce indoors in a sealed environment in 
Biotech Pharm1.
Biotech Pharm1 is the 
Company’s facility for 
manufacturing of cannabis 
ingredients.
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 27 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
At DanCann Pharma 
we aim to create the 
same perception – 
and mentality – about 
medical cannabis and 
cannabinoids, as with 
conventional. ”
So, by constructing Biotech Pharm1, DanCann Pharma has 
been decided to further develop the indoor production facili-
ties for a factory developed with vertical aeroponics systems 
– a cultivation technique developed by NASA – in closed and 
hygienic climate-controlled premises for soil-free (no con-
taminants) and pesticide-free cultivation for production of 
cannabis- and cannabinoids. Through an easy intuitive inter-
face, it is possible to control and monitor all elements during 
production. The Company can handle and regulate crucial 
conditions during the cultivation period, such as temperature, 
humidity, light, watering, and other factors, all of which can 
affect quality, uniformity, and strength. The infrastructure of 
the cultivation and production in the closed climate-con-
trolled systems also give the Company better opportunities 
to control and log access to the cannabis plants, which must 
only be handled by authorized personnel.
It is the Company’s opinion that this method provides the 
best quality, uniformity, and productivity versus any other 
production method. The intention is to establish a facility 
where standard, uniform and consistent products can be 
cultivated without the use of pesticides, so that the content 
of the active ingredients is the same for each harvest and 
processing process. At DanCann Pharma we aim to create 
the same perception – and mentality – about medical canna-
bis and cannabinoids, as with conventional. 
Biotech Pharm1 aims to supply the Company with its prod-
ucts in the form of an herbal substance that will either be sold 
as an ingredient, or to be introduced to the Company’s own 
products. Biotech Pharm1 handle activities for the produc-
tion of so-called cannabis flowers or as granular (flower that 
has been grinded to achieve better standardization). It also 
handles the cultivation and processing (trimming, drying and 
packaging), which from here can either be processed as an 
ingredient (for an extract, isolate or API) or further processed 
as an herbal full spectrum product in the form of patient 
dosing.
DanCann Pharma is during H1-2023 ready to sell its first 
products from the high-tech 100% indoor facility, Biotech 
Pharm1. The facility will be one of Europe’s most efficient and 
advanced production facilities for cannabis and cannabinoid 
ingredients, with the main point being a standardized product 
with excellent security of supply. Biotech Pharm1 will Initially 
with focus on the Tetrahydrocannabinol (“THC”) candidate, 
named Tetracanoid®, which is expected to deliver solid +25% 
of the content of THC, and later the emergence of other 
unique geneticists and candidates based on a rather atypical 
content of novel cannabinoids (CBG, CBN, THCV, etc.).
As of the Prospectus Date, DanCann Pharma has obtained 
a license under the Development Scheme for its first facility, 
called Biotech Pharm1 (“BP1”), this license was received short-
ly after the establishment of the new Pilot Programme (during 
the summer 2018), and hence, the Company was licensed 
as one of the first companies to handle and cultivate med-
ical cannabis here through. Biotech Pharm1 is today in the 
approval process to be obtained under the Pilot Programme, 
and hereby its EU-GMP certification, which were submitted 
back in January 2022.

--- Page 15 ---
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 28 / 126
PAGE 29 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 28 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
In addition, since the Company cultivates in multiple layers 
(vertical farming), increasing efficiency and yield by up-to 
more than 200% compared to the industry standard single 
layer, bench type cultivation. Furthermore, the Company 
achieves an estimated approximately 50-100% better and 
faster harvest per m2 as well as 6 annual cycles per cultiva-
tion room. The production process is environmentally friendly 
and comes with several reductions compared to the indus-
try standard; water (90%), nutrients (70%), no soil or waste 
(100%), no pesticides (100%) and labour (70%), as the systems 
are highly automatic and autonomous.
The industry, in general, is very energy intensive. Plants require 
a lot of light and water, and it will come with a cost - both for 
businesses and for the environment, unless these parame-
ters are envisaged in the plans. It is the Company’s goal to be 
a role model, thereby showing CSR and business together 
to move into a higher unit, as the Company also shares the 
outside world and customers’ increasing concern for the 
health of our environment, and the Company has a commit-
ment to provide environmentally friendly products as widely 
as possible. Therefore, it is a clear goal for DanCann Pharma 
to remain and improve its environmental profile by the forces 
of nature. The Company works towards becoming self-suffi-
cient, including water, power, light, and heat supply.
The production keeps itself updated with automated soft-
ware to operate at peak performance. Sensor-controlled 
dynamic dosing maintains the growth recipe at precise, 
non-interfering levels, reducing required work in the cultiva-
tion process, as well as human error.
With indoor cultivation, the risks of changing outside weather 
conditions and risks of insects and diseases are completely 
mitigated. The rooms are completely automated in terms of 
irrigation and microclimate control and ensure compliance 
and reduced labour needs. By this, DanCann Pharma can 
A pure and clean product in more than one sense
Vertical farming is the 
practice of growing crops in 
vertically stacked layers
provide consistent, pharma-grade cannabis with uniform 
content. DanCann Pharma, being a producer of medicines, is 
obligated to ensure that patients have access to their medi-
cation at all times. 
These next-tier structures help realize the full potential of 
seed genetics, using data, AI, and machine learning to bolster 
efficiencies, save resources, and reduce the cost of growing 
crops vertically.
It is a clear goal for 
DanCann Pharma to 
remain and improve its 
environmental profile by 
the forces of nature.
”
Since its licensing under the Development Scheme (June 
2018) and final establishment (April 2021), Biotech Pharm1 
has achieved several milestones that support its potential, 
including promising indications of a high level of desired stan-
dardization, as well as superior levels of product purity, which 
potentially means that the Company will avoid having to 
irradiate its products, which is both a competitive advantage, 
as this is not legal in several nations and states, while at the 
same time this is a significant cost saving for the Company. 
Since its establishment, the Company has implemented sev-
eral batches, which has served as the development process 
leading up to the approval of the facility (EU-GMP) as admis-
sion under the Pilot Programme. The Company submitted for 
license in January 2022, and expects this to be approved in 
Q4-2022.
Applies for license for cultivation and handling of medical cannabis at the 
DMA 	
Licensed for handling and cultivating of medical cannabis through the Devel-
opment Scheme	
Commence of construction at Biotech Pharm1 
Pressed the start button in Biotech Pharm1
https://news.cision.com/dancann-pharma/r/dancann-pharma-a-s-has-
pressed-the-start-button-in-biotech-pharm1,c3329512 
Reached a historic milestone with the first ever cannabis batch in Biotech 
Pharm1	
https://news.cision.com/dancann-pharma/r/dancann-pharma-a-s-has-
reached-a-historic-milestone-with-the-first-ever-cannabis-batch-in-biotech-
ph,c3395232
Submitted application to the Danish Medicines Agency for EU-GMP-approv-
al for Biotech Pharm1	
https://news.cision.com/dancann-pharma/r/dancann-pharma-a-s-has-submit-
ted-application-to-the-danish-medicines-agency-for-eu-gmp-approval-for-
,c3501448 
Highly promising analysis results
https://news.cision.com/dancann-pharma/r/dancann-pharma-a-s--high-
ly-promising-analysis-results,c3488412
European Union Intellectual Property Office Certificate of Registration for 
product portfolio trademarks	
https://news.cision.com/dancann-pharma/r/dancann-pharma-a-s--eu-
ropean-union-intellectual-property-office-certificate-of-registra-
tion-for-prod,c3482645
Establishing a new benchmark in the industry as impressive test results 
show extreme product purity without the use of radiation	
https://news.cision.com/dancann-pharma/r/dancann-pharma-a-s--establish-
ing-a-new-benchmark-in-the-industry-as-impressive-test-results-show-
ext,c3567611 
Signs Letter of Intent with Aureum Pharma AB for exclusive rights with a 
minimum commitment of SEK 37 million	
https://news.cision.com/dancann-pharma/r/dancann-pharma-a-s-signs-letter-
of-intent-with-aureum-pharma-ab-for-exclusive-rights-with-a-minimum-
,c3564596 
Achievement and ­current status
April 2018
June 2018
August 2020
August 2021
April 2021
January 2022
May 2022
Ongoing recruiting 
new key employees 
and staff

--- Page 16 ---
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 30 / 126
PAGE 31 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
Product portfolio
The Company is about to finalize its own produced product 
portfolio from BP1, this according to its guidance in terms of 
obtaining necessary permissions from the DMA. Partly the 
approval of BP1, and thereafter the commercialization of its 
future product portfolio consisting of the following protected 
trademarks through the European Union Intellectual Proper-
ty Office Certificate of Registration.
•	
TETRACANOID® (No 018533183)
•	
BIDIOCANOID® (No 018533188)
•	
MIXCANOID® (No 018533189)
•	
VARINCANOID® (No 018533193)
•	
BIGEROLCANOID® (No 018533195)
These in the form of products based on ingredients that will 
eventually be used in the Company’s own products, and in 
the shorter run as flowers/granules, which are initially sold as 
bulk gods (ingredients or white label) or under the DanCann 
Pharma brand, and potentially later in the form of multiple 
delivery formats. The product portfolio is based on the active 
substances of Tetrahydrocannabinol (“THC”), Cannabidiol 
(“CBD”), Tetrahydrocannabivarin (“THCV”) and Cannabigerol 
(“CBG”).
The cannabis plant contains 
over 100 active substances 
called: Cannabinoids.
Cannabinoids are active chemicals that 
affect receptors in the brain and human 
body when consumed. The two most 
known are Tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) 
and Cannabidiol (CBD). 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 31 / 126
OCTOBER 2022

--- Page 17 ---
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 32 / 126
PAGE 33 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 32 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
Business model ­(Business concept)
CannGros aims to accelerate and extend its product port-
folio of imported medicinal cannabis products and canna-
binoid-based drugs and pharmaceuticals, by licensing and 
acquiring exclusive rights to innovative medical cannabis 
products and clinically de-risked, commercial stage, propri-
etary drugs and pharmaceuticals, with focus on data profiles 
and delivery methods (areas: uniform dosage, release options, 
safe delivery, discreet, shelf life, bioavailability, metabolism 
mechanisms - and release options, such as: extended re-
lease, sustained release, instant release, modified-release), to 
meet the individual patient’s needs, both in breadth (delivery 
methods) and depth (formulation) and hereby no directly 
R&D or clinical activities associated risks to the business, 
which is hugely expensive and costly to operate.
It’s a clear strategic focus point of CannGros to expand its 
product portfolio. During 2018, 2019, 2020 and 2021, Cann-
Gros have had business discussions with several medicinal 
cannabis suppliers. Most advanced business discussions 
with Bedrocan BV and other important suppliers. Key suc-
cess factors are supplier approval (internal) and regulatory 
dossier acceptance by the Danish Medicines Agency. Current 
strategic focus is on developing a product portfolio with oil/
drops, sublingual tablets and more varieties of dried flower.
The Company intends to expand this position and build 
additional pipelines of exciting candidates and products, and 
hence, expand its portfolio to nature-inspired medicines, 
and not just cannabis and cannabinoid-based. This based 
on an even more data and evidence-based approach to its 
structure, to ensure the best access for the patient to the 
product, based on the Company’s developed model built 
around mapped data, for which the most qualified choices 
are made in relation to screening and targeting the profile, to 
ensure that the pipeline of drug candidates obtains regulatory 
approval.
Gross profit (TDKK)
EBITDA (TDKK)
2018
115
14
284
192
356
197
1807
1645
2019
2020
2021
CannGros ApS founded
CannGros inspected by the Danish Medicines 
Agency and granted license at the day of the 
inspection
Dossiers on “Bedrocan CannGros” and “Be-
diol CannGros” are accepted by the Danish 
Medicines Agency under the Danish Medical 
Cannabis Pilot Programme
Agreements signed with pharmaceutical 
wholesalers to establish full distribution (100% 
coverage) of the Danish market
Launch of “Bedrocan CannGros” and “Bediol 
CannGros”
Dossier on “Bedica CannGros” accepted by 
the Danish Medicines Agency under the Dan-
ish Medical Cannabis Pilot program.
Launch of “Bedica CannGros”
CannGros submitted application for extracts 
of cannabis in an oil solution at the Danish 
Medicines Agency
DanCann Pharma A/S acquires CannGros ApS 
and becomes market leader in the Danish 
market under the Pilot Programme with Med-
ical Cannabis
October 2017
December 2017
January 2018
November 2018
October 2018
April 2021
October 2021
Achievement and current status
CannGros was established in October 2017 and became the 
first Danish company to obtain authorization to manufacture 
and distribute cannabis products (December 2017), under the 
Danish Medical Cannabis Pilot Programme (launching on Jan-
uary 1st, 2018), covering all pharmacies in Denmark, through 
agreements with pharmaceutical wholesalers, as well as 
authorization to handle euphoric substances. CannGros is 
today operating its Quality Management System and facilities 
with temperature control, video surveillance, alarm system 
and HVAC fully compliant with the requirements of the Danish 
Medicines Agency. 
CannGros is the leading player in the Danish market under 
the Pilot Programme for medical cannabis.
Many of DanCann Pharma’s commercial activities will be 
allocated under the CannGros company in the future, which 
is why several of DanCann Pharma’s current agreements will 
be mentioned as being under CannGros in this section. This 
is to distinguish between the mentality of the two compa-
nies, which are respectively under production and quality, as 
well as distribution and regulatory aspects. The CannGros 
company is also subject for a re-branding with the desire to 
associate this more closely with the DanCann Pharma brand 
for the future. 
2 Bedrocan is an EU-GMP certified supplier of pharmaceutical grade cannabis to the Dutch Office of Medicinal Cannabis (OMC).
3 Tetra Bio-Pharma is focused on drug development programs in Inflammation, pain, ophthalmology and oncology, aimed at bringing  
   novel drugs and treatments to patients and their healthcare providers.
4 MediPharm Labs specializes in the production and manufacturing of purified, high-quality cannabinoid-based derivatives and phar
   maceutical ingredients (EU-GMP).
5 Cannassure Therapeutics is a leading, world class, trusted developer and provider of top-quality-grade medical cannabis products 
   and pharmaceutical cannabinoid medicines, addressing a broad range of unmet medical needs.
DISTRIBUTION (CANNGROS)
 
Introduction
Among others, the Company has partnered up highly re-
spected companies, such as Bedrocan BV2, Tetra Bio-Pharma 
Inc (TSX: TBP) (OTCQB: TBPMF) (FRA: JAM1)3, MediPharm 
Labs Corp. (TSX: LABS) (OTCQX: MEDIF) (FSE: MLZ)4 and 
Cannassure Therapeutics Ltd (CSURE.TA)5 .

--- Page 18 ---
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 34 / 126
PAGE 35 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
Product portfolio
In the current CannGros product portfolio you will find Bed-
rocan products imported from the Netherlands. Bedrocan 
products, which are the only products worldwide categorized 
under “medical cannabis” which is fully GMP-certified (Good 
Manufacturing Practice) from cultivation to packing. As of the 
Prospectus Date, the CannGros portfolio consists of: Bed-
rocan®, Bedica® and Bediol®. All products are imported from 
Bedrocan BV and sold as dried flower or granular in 5-gram 
dosages, as available for inhalation using a vaporizer or via 
drinking as a tea. Furthermore, CannGros has the opportunity 
to apply for listing of another two (2) products from Bedrocan, 
Bedrolite® and Bedronol®, respectively, which are similarly 
sold as a medical cannabis product, dosed in granular form in 
5-gram dosages, for inhalation or via drinking as a tea - and 
besides that, have another new product type submitted, 
based on extracts of cannabis in an oil solution (drops), which 
were submitted back in April 2021.
Besides above, the Company has built a pipeline of more new 
products. Among others, the Company has partnered up 
highly respected companies, such as Tetra Bio-Pharma Inc 
(TSX: TBP) (OTCQB: TBPMF) (FRA: JAM1), MediPharm Labs 
Corp. (TSX: LABS) (OTCQX: MEDIF) (FSE: MLZ) and Cannas-
sure Therapeutics Ltd (CSURE.TA), where the Company aims 
to introduce new medicines, such as:
•	
Qixleef™ and Enjouca™ (from Tetra Bio-Pharma), a 
botanical plant-based cannabinoid-derived medicine 
inhaled through an approved medical device (inhaled 
delivery format) indicated for the treatment of advanced 
cancer pain and breakthrough pain, which is ongoing in a 
clinical phase 2 study, targeting marketing authorization 
from the European Medicines Agency (EMA). 
Tetra Bio-Pharma has commentated that global potential 
net sales are USD 675 million by 2027. The development 
schedule consists of a Phase II trial that is to be completed 
during 2022-2023, a Phase III trial to be completed in 2024 
followed by a new drug application the same year and first 
sales during 2024-2025.
Enjouca™ is the OTC-version of with the same APIs as Qix-
leef™ and can thus be commercialized as a medical cannabis 
product at an earlier point in time during 2023.
•	
Reduvo™ Adversa® (from Tetra Bio-Pharma), a synthet-
ic THC novel mucoadhesive-tablet route of administra-
tion (tablet delivery format) indicated for the treatment 
of CINV patients (Chemotherapy-Induced Nausea and 
Vomiting) and for disease-related anorexia associated 
with weight loss, which is ongoing in a clinical phase 2 
study, targeting marketing authorization from the EMA. 
The Company has the exclusive rights for both of these can-
didates/drugs for the territories of Denmark, Norway, Sweden, 
Finland, and Germany once approved by EMA, and further-
more, the Company has first right of any future new product 
for the pain territory from Tetra Bio-Pharma.
Nevertheless, in the very end, their commercial value depends 
on their efficacy, which has not yet been finally established. 
Tetra Bio-Pharma management estimates that peak sales 
may be reached in 2028 at accumulated levels between DKK 
340-410 million.
In addition, the Company also holds the exclusive rights 
for products such as topical spray products based on the 
patented AKVANO® technology from Lipidor AB (LIPI: FN 
Stockholm), distributed from Cannassure Therapeutics, that 
allows them to use Lipidor’s dermatologic delivery system 
for cannabis products. In September 2020, information was 
made public about a successfully completed feasibility study 
with an IP protected topical medical cannabis product for the 
treatment of skin inflammation, including psoriatic lesions. 
Furthermore, In September 2020, a supply Agreement was 
signed with MediPharm Labs, giving the Company the right 
to import and distribute MediPharm Lab’s products under the 
Danish Pilot Programme. MediPharm is focusing on pharma-
ceutical-quality cannabis extraction, distillation and derivative 
products with white label products as well as own brands. By 
these agreements, the Company has also more generic kind 
of product (medical cannabis) in the pipeline, such as:
•	
Cannabis extracts in oil/drops delivery format (3 sizes) 
based on +16 standardized formulations, and;
•	
Cannabis soft gel caps (2 sizes) based on 3 standard-
ized formulations
Company structure 
DanCann Pharma was founded in 2018 and is the parent 
company of its wholly owned subsidiary CannGros ApS. 
Investments
As of the date of this Prospectus, no significant investments 
have been made since the date of the Company’s last publish 
financial statements, the 31st of August 2022.
Trends
DanCann Pharma has undertaken development activities and 
activities related to production, stock, and sales. At this time, 
the Board of Directors has not acknowledged any explicit 
trends, uncertainties, potential claims or other requirements, 
commitments, or events related to production, stock, or sales 
that is expected to have a significant impact on the Com-
pany’s future development. Further, the Company is, at this 
time, not aware of any specific governmental tendencies, 
economic tendencies, etc., which may affect the Compa-
ny’s operations in the foreseeable future. It shall however be 
clearly noted that the above trend statements are made as 
of this time. With the Company being one of the forerunners 
in a new medical field and developing a business based on an 
active substance with a history of stigmatization, the trends 
relating to both the market and regulatory aspects may 
swiftly shift. For an extensive description of the risks related 
to the now mentioned circumstances, please refer to the 
section “Risk factors” below.
At DanCann Pharma, we strive 
to optimize care and well-
being for those given up on.
”

--- Page 19 ---
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 36 / 126
PAGE 37 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
Introduction
As early as the 1960s, the major biologically active canna-
binoids delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol (∆-9-THC or THC) 
and cannabidiol (CBD) were identified in the cannabis plant. 
By the early 1990s, the cannabinoid receptors CB1 and CB2 
had been discovered, confirming the biological pathways for 
their action. Other receptors on which cannabinoids bind are 
still being elucidated. The understanding of the endocanna-
binoid system, the cannabinoid receptors, endogenous and 
plant-derived cannabinoids continue to increase. In recent 
years there have been major developments in cultivation 
techniques, finished product quality and production controls, 
and safer modes of administration. Research now demon-
strates that cannabinoids have therapeutic applications in 
certain conditions, and that cannabis-based medicines are 
now a potential therapeutic option.
Addressable markets
Europe
In the 2020s, public and private interests have simultaneous-
ly begun to recognize the commercial and social value of legal 
medical cannabis. Both business and government realize that 
this thriving industry has a future, but it must be based on 
research. A record level of investment in research and devel-
opment has seen new facilities opening across Europe. One 
of the results has been the ever-increasing list of conditions 
that cannabis can treat. As the list grows, so does the poten-
tial patient base. Europeans will expect a standardized and 
highly regulated product, which will clearly mark the Europe-
an medical cannabis market as a key target for pharmaceuti-
cal companies over the next 5-10 years.
Prohibition Partners estimate that around EUR 354 million 
worth of unlicensed medical cannabis will be sold in Europe 
2022, and project this will grow to around EUR 2.3 billion by 
2026. In the long run, once all markets have implemented 
legislation and enacted an efficient market infrastructure, 
Prohibition Partners estimate that the European medicinal 
cannabis market could be worth up to €58 billion. This by 
a generally high per-capita gross domestic product and 
health-insurance coverage for medical cannabis in several 
Market overview
The Board of Directors certifies that the information derived from 
references and citations has been described and reproduced as 
found and that – as far as the Board of Directors is aware of and can 
ascertain from information published by the third party – no facts or 
information have been omitted, which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.

--- Page 20 ---
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 38 / 126
PAGE 39 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
countries already now. These early indicators from leading 
medical cannabis programs suggest that fulfilling medical 
cannabis prescriptions will become a basic requirement of 
any public healthcare policy. 
How things evolved in Europe in the past year adds to that 
optimistic outlook, with sales in Germany and Italy, the 
two largest markets on the continent, posting double-digit, 
year-over-year growth, where the German medical market 
continues to grow steadily, with a 43% increase in sales of 
cannabis to pharmacies in 2021, with the majority of growth 
coming from products sold to patients on private prescrip-
tions. Pilot schemes for medical cannabis have progressed 
across the continent. France began their pilot scheme in 
2021 as Denmark voted to extend theirs, Ireland began their 
new access scheme and the trial in Luxembourg is now 
due for a first assessment. Other countries showed positive 
signs, advancing with legislation that allowed prescription, but 
those markets are far from developed.
Only a few countries have really begun to open access to 
legal cannabis medications for their domestic patient popula-
tion while millions of patients continue to use illegal products 
instead. Germany remains, by a distance, the leader in this 
regard in terms of legal patient numbers, followed by coun-
tries such as Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, Denmark and the 
Czechia. Many more countries have begun early efforts to 
increase access either through compassionate access or via 
pilot programs such as in France and Ireland. Some countries 
such as Portugal and Greece have formally legalized medical 
cannabis, but few patients are actively being prescribed, as 
the regulatory framework is not yet robustly established.
Diseases
European countries are in line with all other markets for 
medical cannabis in the world in that the predominant 
primary condition for which medical cannabis patients are 
prescribed medical cannabis is for severe pain related condi-
tions including, e.g., chronic pain and neuropathic pain. This is 
unsurprising given that pain affects as many as one in three 
people in developed countries, and that evidence is relatively 
strong for the potential of medical cannabis in treating various 
types of pain. Indeed, in many cases, where a condition such 
as cancer or spasticity is listed as the primary condition, the 
treatment of pain is a central reason for the prescription of 
medical cannabis.
In continuation in above, and new cannabinoid-treatments 
for pain patients, where current and ongoing research shows 
promising results. A market that today is heavily burdened by 
opioid treatment that does not come at no cost. In fact, the 
case has become so bad that it has been defined as an epi-
demic (national opioid crisis in the United States), which kills 
130 people every day in the United States - equal one person 
every 11 minutes.
In other words, there is a huge need for new alternatives to 
this (with fewer and milder side effects), as the medication 
with opioids today is a bigger problem than the disease (pain) 
itself (2017: 70,000 deaths due to opioids), where the global 
opioid market had a size and value of USD 25.4 billion in 2018.6 
Spasticity, most often caused by multiple sclerosis (MS), is 
another of the more common conditions for which medical 
cannabis is prescribed in Europe. While the prevalence of MS 
is far less than for pain conditions, the current medications 
for controlling these symptoms are insufficient for many 
patients, and there is good clinical data for the effectiveness 
of THC and CBD, hence the development and approval of 
Sativex.
6 Source: The Grand View Research: Opioids Market Size, Share & Trends Analysis Report
Patients using medical cannabis for epilepsy represent a 
relatively small percentage of the population in Europe. This 
is probably due to the fact that the prevalence of intractable 
epilepsy is relatively low and that the licensed medication 
Epidiolex is now in widespread use and is probably preferred 
by many health professionals.
Individual countries have their own peculiarities in prescrib-
ing for other conditions, especially for neuropathic issues 
such as anxiety in the case of the UK and Post-Traumatic 
Stress Disorder (PTSD) in the case of the US. This does not 
necessarily reflect a larger prevalence of these conditions 
in these countries but rather an artefact of the prescription 
practices of doctors in those countries.
Sources and most recent period covered by data: BfArM (2020), Danish Ministry of Health (2022), 
SAKL (2020), Project Twenty21 (2022), Boehnke et. al (2018).
Epilepsy/Seizure
Spasticity
Anxiety
Other
PTSD
Canser/Chemotherapy
Anorexia
Pain
Germany
100 %
90%
80%
70%
60%
50%
40%
30%
20%
10%
0%
Denmark
Czechia
UK
USA

--- Page 21 ---
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 40 / 126
PAGE 41 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
The Patient Count is the total population of patients that have 
been prescribed medical cannabis at some point since legal-
ization  Source: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/
PMC7932947/ and  https://www.gkv-gamsi.de/media/doku-
mente/quartalsberichte/2021/q4_25/Bundesbericht_GAm-
Si_202112_konsolidiert_Sonderbeilage_Cannabis.pdf
Source: Branchenverband Cannabiswirtscha e.V. (2021)
Germany
Looking at Europe, Germany is the country with the largest 
sales of cannabis-based medicines. Germany remains Eu-
rope’s leading example for the liberation of medical canna-
bis on the continent. A number of regulations have helped 
achieve this including: mandatory reimbursement of medical 
cannabis from national health insurers, the ability of any 
doctor to prescribe medical cannabis for any condition and a 
relatively open policy on product approval and imports, while 
still complying with guidelines for EU-GMP, EU-GDP and EU-
GACP.
For manufacturers of medical cannabis that are able to 
comply with stringent quality requirements, exporting to 
Germany continues to be the most obvious option. As the 
country depend on imports due to the limited domestic 
production of medical cannabis, based on the BfArM granted 
permits to cultivate 10.4 metric tons over four years back in 
2019. Current imported quantities suggest that the domestic 
production contracted by the German government – which 
total 2,600 kilograms per year for a period of four years – will 
not be enough to supply the domestic market once the first 
harvests become fully available, meaning that Germany is 
going to rely on imports for many years to come.
Last year, 2021, saw the arrival of domestic production of 
medical cannabis, though the majority is still being imported 
from abroad. The use of cannabis-based medicines in Ger-
many has increased over recent years. Between 2018 and 
2021 the number of prescriptions for cannabis-based medi-
cines increased from approximately 185,000 prescriptions to 
more than 370,000, where more than 70% are prescribed to 
pain patients.
Source: BfArM, Prohibition Partners
The sales represent the consolidation of all the public insurers, 
which cover 90% of the German population (10% are assumed 
covered by private purchase) (https://www.jdsupra.com/legal-
news/overview-german-legal-regime-concerning-23613/)
Patients
Raw Flower
Flower Preparation
Dronabinol
2018
2019
2020
2021
185.370
267.348
340.165
372.071
37%
26%
8%
25%
4%
F. Spectrum Extract
Cannabis Pharma Drugs
The main product sold in Germany is dried cannabis flow-
er, which in average are sold at a wholesale price of €9.52 
(2021) per gram from the licensed distributors to the phar-
macies. This makes up just over 1/3rd (37.8%) of the German 
market, as shown in the figure above. This is followed by 
isolates, which account for approximately 26% of the mar-
ket, while authorized products and (especially) full spectrum 
extracts occupy more minor shares of the market.
Imports to Germany have been increasing steadily since the 
inception of the market in 2017, on average, almost doubling 
each year up to the end of 2021. The German government 
operates a relatively free system of licenses and product and 
import approvals, meaning any shortages that existed at the 
inception of the market have been overcome. Temporary 
shortages in product lines can also, in most cases, be substi-
tuted with another product of similar active ingredients and 
equal quality. The official statistics of the Federal Institute for 
Drugs and Medical Devices (BfArM) include some cannabis 
which is imported and subsequently re-exported but overall, 
it is clear that the trend is increasing.
Source: BfArM, Prohibition Partners
Note: data covers both extracts and flower
BfArM & Bundestag
Q1
Q2
Q3
Q4
2017
2017
2018
2018
2019
2019
4615
5320
5678
4953
2020
2020
2021
2021
25.000
20.000
15.000
10.000
5.000
0
6000
5000
4000
3000
2000
1000
0
Medical cannabis imports to Germany
Medical cannabis imports to Germany
Imports (KG)
Imports (KG)
20.476

--- Page 22 ---
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 42 / 126
PAGE 43 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
Denmark
The Danish market for medical cannabis is largely aimed at 
pain patients. It remains a small market and has been far from 
being able to realize its real potential – mostly due to the still 
very narrow and expensive product portfolio. 
Medicinal cannabis in Denmark has for now reached approx-
imately 7,560 patients with approximately 50,102 prescrip-
tions (equal total revenue of approximately DKK 220 million) 
according to the reports for 2018-Q1-20227 . This has been 
covered by: The Pilot Programme; the magistrate scheme; 
approved medicine containing cannabis or cannabinoids, and 
medical cannabis medicine on a delivery permit.
In Denmark alone, approximately 1,300,000 people (over 
18 year) suffer from chronic pain constantly or episodically, 
which is more than 20% of the total population. Examples 
of conditions are osteoarthritis and osteoporosis, but pa-
tients with MS (Multiple Sclerosis) and pain and nausea from 
chemotherapy can also count in this category. Among the 
1,300,000 patients in Denmark suffering from chronic pain8, 
there are at present approximately +500,000 patients being 
treated with strong opioids (i.e., fentanyl, morphine, and oxy-
codone). Medical cannabis can be used as a supplement - to 
reduce the use of strong opioids - to give patients a better 
quality of life as these strong opioids are very addictive and 
have strong negative side effects. 
The DMA has prepared a guide for use by physicians when 
assessing the prescription of medical cannabis. Due to the 
limited knowledge of the individual products covered by the 
Pilot Programme, the guidance was written based on the 
general knowledge available on the effect of THC and CBD.
Physicians have free prescribing rights, which means, in 
principle, that all physicians are free to prescribe the products 
covered by the Pilot Programme to all their patients if they 
can see the possibilities with these kinds of products. Neither 
the law nor the guidance for the Pilot Programme prevent 
physicians from prescribing medical cannabis to patients suf-
fering from diseases other than those mentioned in the guide.
The indications (patient groups) have been selected by the 
DMA having read and evaluated the relevant scientific studies 
made worldwide to investigate the effect of medical canna-
bis. The specific products in the Pilot Programme have not 
necessarily been investigated, and the possible side effects 
in the short and long term are also not adequately mapped, 
which both the physician and the patient must be aware of 
and understand.
The relevant indications are: painful spasms due to multiple 
sclerosis; painful spasms due to spinal cord injury; nausea 
after chemotherapy, and neuropathic pain, which is pain due 
to brain, spinal cord, or nerves.
Physicians must, as always, exercise carefully and with 
conscientiousness in their work. This includes, among other 
things, that physicians must base their decision on treatment 
on whether there is scientific evidence for the treatment 
and on their experience with the individual patient and the 
patient’s wishes. Treatment with medical cannabis should 
only be attempted if the patient has tested relevant approved 
medication without satisfactory results. No physician has a 
duty to prescribe medical cannabis but has the right to do so.
On 1 January 2019, a special reimbursement scheme for 
medical cannabis was introduced under the medical canna-
bis Pilot Programme in Denmark. Citizens who have a terminal 
permit receive 100% in reimbursement. Other citizens receive 
50% of the reimbursement for an annual consumption of 
medical cannabis that does not exceed DKK 20,000.  
In addition to the already prescribed medicinal cannabis 
products, there are also the following data (2018) on pre-ex-
isting products (non-cannabis) sold as Rx-pharmaceuticals 
through the pharmacies in Denmark (patient groups covered 
by the Pilot Program).
In 2018, the pharmacies dispensed pharmaceuticals for 
approximately DKK 7.6 billion calculated in the pharmacy’s 
purchase prices9. Pharmaceuticals for the nervous system 
were the most widely traded Rx-pharmaceutical group. With 
7 https://www.esundhed.dk/Emner/Laegemidler/Medicinsk-Cannabis
8 SmerteSagen (interest group)
9  Danish Medicines Information (DLI) and calculations of The Association of Danish Pharmacies
revenue of DKK 1.7 billion, it accounted for 22.15% of pharma-
cies’ total Rx-pharmaceutical sales. The second most-traded 
group was pharmaceuticals for digestion and metabolism – 
including diabetes – which, with a turnover of DKK 1.3 billion, 
accounted for 18.9% of revenue measured.
In relation to patient groups associated with the Pilot Pro-
gramme, these together represent a market value of approx-
imately DKK 2 billion, based on Rx-pharmaceuticals sales in 
Denmark.
The shadow numbers
In the spring of 2019, seven patient associations10 initiated 
a study aimed at mapping patients’ attitudes to the use and 
experience of cannabis as a medicine. The report showed 
that the respondents were generally positive about cannabis 
use as a medicine. The majority states that it should only be 
prescribed by a physician. The report showed that the rea-
sons for using cannabis among people who use or have used 
cannabis as a medicine are typically pain relief as the most 
frequent cause, while better sleep and being able to relax are 
the second and third most common cause. 78% of people 
who use or have used cannabis as a medicine use it daily or 
several times a day. The report showed that among those 
who use or have used cannabis as a medicine, 54% have 
experienced relief from pain, 44% have experienced better 
sleep, 40% have experienced improved calmness, while 22% 
have not experienced any effect. The report showed that 65% 
of respondents who use or have used cannabis as a medi-
cation have not experienced any negative effects. The most 
frequently cited negative effect of cannabis as a medicine is a 
dry mouth, which 10% of the respondents have experienced. 
Due to the fact that the product portfolio for the Danish Pilot 
Programme continues to be narrow and limited, while phy-
sicians also continue to be uncooperative in relation to the 
prescription, due to their responsibility for side effects, and 
continued lack of clinical evidence for the products (medical 
cannabis), the report shows that among the people who use 
or have used cannabis as a medicine, 40% have bought it 
illegally on the internet and 25% have bought it illegally from 
a private seller. Of the respondents who use or have used 
cannabis as a medicine, only 21% have been prescribed (1 out 
of 5). 
The associations behind this study believe that the most 
important thing for patients is safety and security, and that 
cannabis as a medicine is of high quality and prescribed by 
physicians who can follow effects and side effects. The study 
showed that many patients experiment on their own and 
use products that are purchased without a prescription and 
without any guarantee with respect to quality and content 
of potentially harmful substances. Furthermore, to support 
this, as a result of the lack of access to medical cannabis on 
prescription from a physician, people at University of South-
ern Denmark (SDU) and Forskerzonen (The Research Zone) 
have investigated the market for CBD oils and preparations 
(so called “dietary supplements”) and alarming data have 
emerged, which shows that the unregulated supply is a lot-
tery for the consumer/patient, where CBD oils sold as dietary 
supplements and not approved by the DMA are illegal. The 
investigation showed that 21 samples, corresponding to as 
much as 38 percent of the analyzed CBD oils, contain more 
than the permitted 0.2 percent THC. The table also showed 
that there may be a difference in the concentration of THC 
in the same product. It must therefore be concluded by this 
study that if you as a consumer or patient want to try CBD oil 
or CBD dietary supplements on your own body, you must be 
very careful. SDU’s study shows that the acquisition of CBD 
oil is a pure lottery where you cannot be sure whether what 
you buy is uniform, harmful or illegal.
10 Patienters holdninger til og erfaringer med cannabis som medicin: En undersøgelse foretaget i et samarbejde mellem syv patient-
foreninger

--- Page 23 ---
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 44 / 126
PAGE 45 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
The benefits with cannabis and ­cannabinoids 
Cannabis-based medicines are increasingly being made 
available on a global level. There are a variety of strategies 
used to provide/dispense cannabis-based medicines to 
patients. A prescriber-pharmacy model, as opposed to 
‘cannabis dispensaries’ or ‘cannabis clinics’, seems to provide 
patients with the highest quality of care (continuity of care 
and patient co-management). Given this, prescribers, phar-
macists, and nurses will need to know how to engage in an 
effective exchange of information with their patients.
Cannabinoids have recently been introduced as a tool in the 
physician’s ‘toolbox’. Reflecting this current situation, canna-
bis-based medicines are currently not a first-line treatment. 
Indeed, often they are third-line treatments, prescribed when 
other options (available registered medicines) have been 
trialed and failed or where those medicines’ side effects are 
unacceptable for patients.
Knowledge about the therapeutic potential of cannabinoids 
has greatly improved over the past decade, with an ever-in-
creasing range of developments in human clinical applica-
tions. A growing body of scientific evidence supports the use 
of cannabinoid products for some therapeutic indications, 
whilst for others, the evidence base remains disputed. 
Furthermore, cannabinoids elicit a range of clinical responses, 
some of which have no defined endpoint and make it diffi-
cult to measure changes in symptom control. Amongst the 
many publications about the usage of cannabinoids, three 
recent publications stand out as they thoroughly investi-
gate the positive and negative aspects of cannabis-based 
medicines. These cornerstone publications include: The US 
National Academies of Sciences, Engineering and Medicine’s 
(NASEM) 2017 comprehensive review on the health effects of 
cannabis and cannabinoids11; The European Pain Federation 
(EFIC) 2018 position paper on the appropriate use of canna-
bis-based medicines and medical cannabis for chronic pain 
management12; The British National Institute for Health and 
Clinical Excellence (NICE) 2019 guideline on cannabis based 
medicinal products13.
11 National Academies of Sciences, E., and Medicine., The health effects of cannabis and cannabinoids: The current state of evidence 
    and recommendations for research. 2017, Washington, DC: The National Academies Press
12 Häuser, W., et al., European Pain Federation (EFIC) position paper on appropriate use of cannabis-based medicines and medical 
    cannabis for chronic pain management. Eur J Pain, 2018. 22(9): p. 1547-1564
13 NICE., Cannabis-based medicinal products (NG144), in NICE guideline [NG144]. 2021, British National Institute for Health and Clini
    cal Excellence (NICE): London. p. 1-28
NASEM
The US National Academies of Sciences, Engineering and Medicine Review
NASEM concluded in 2017 there is substantial evidence that cannabis-based medicines are effective for the treatment of:
•	
Chronic pain in adults
•	
Chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting
•	
Spasticity symptoms in multiple sclerosis (patient-reported improvement)
Moderate evidence for:
•	
Improving short-term sleep outcomes in indi-
viduals with sleep disturbance associated with 
obstructive sleep apnea syndrome (OSAS)
•	
Fibromyalgia
•	
Chronic pain
•	
Multiple sclerosis
Limited evidence for:
•	
Increasing appetite and decreasing weight loss 
associated with HIV/AIDS
•	
Improving clinician-measured spasticity symp-
toms in multiple sclerosis
•	
Improving anxiety symptoms
•	
Improving symptoms of post-traumatic stress 
disorder (PTSD)
There was no evidence for: cancer therapy: cancer-associated anorexia/cachexia syndrome and anorexia nervosa; 
irritable bowel syndrome (IBS); epilepsy: spasticity in patients with paralysis due to spinal cord injury: amyotrophic lateral 
sclerosis (ALS): chorea, and certain neuropsychiatric symptoms associated with Huntington’s disease; motor system 
symptoms associated with Parkinson’s disease; dystonia; achieving abstinence in the use of addictive substances: and, 
mental health outcomes in individuals with schizophrenia or schizophreniform psychosis.
Tables: summary of publications on the clinical utility of cannabis-based medicines and cannabinoids:
EFIC
The European Pain Federation
EFIC summarised the evidence in 2018 per pain diagnosis, and provides practical advice on safe prescribing, including:
•	
Cancer pain: nabiximols oromucosal spray (plant-derived THC/CBD) can be considered as part of an add-on individ-
ual therapeutic trial for cancer pain without sufficient relief from opioids or other established analgesics.
•	
Chronic neuropathic pain: cannabis-based medicines can be considered as third-line therapy for chronic neuro-
pathic pain.
•	
Chronic non-neuropathic non-cancer pain: in exceptional cases, cannabis-based medicines can be considered as 
an individual therapeutic trial, if all established treatments have failed and after careful analyses and multidisciplinary 
assessment.
A pain diagnosis is summarised as chronic abdominal pain, chronic low back pain, Cohn’s disease, fibromyalgia, head-
aches and rheumatoid arthritis. There is insufficient evidence for the use of cannabis-based medicines in non-neuro-
pathic ‘benign’ pain.

--- Page 24 ---
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 46 / 126
PAGE 47 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
NICE
The British National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence Guideline
The NICE recommendations in 2019 focus on four fields of medicine where cannabis-based medicines are mainly pre-
scribed:
•	
Intractable nausea and vomiting: consider nabilone (synthetic THC) as an add-on treatment for adults (above 18 
years) with chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting, which persists with conventional antiemetics.
•	
Spasticity: offer a four-week trial of THC:CBD spray to treat moderate to severe spasticity in adults with multiple 
sclerosis if other pharmacological treatments are not effective. After the trial period, continue THC:CBD spray if the 
person has atleast a 20% reduction in spasticity related symptoms.
•	
Severe treatment-resistant epilepsy: canfab/dio) (CBD) with clobazam is recommended as an option for treating 
seizures associated with Lennx-Gastaut syndrome in patients aged 2 years and older, only if the frequency of drop 
seizures is checked every 6 months, and cannabidiol is stopped if the frequency has not fallen by at least 30% com-
pared with the 6 months before starting treatment.
•	
Chronic pain: do not offer cannabis-based medicines (including nabilone, dronabinol, THC, THC/ CD and cannabidiol) 
to adult patients with chronic pain.
NICE ‘allows’ the prescription of cannabis-based medicines ‘when there is an unmet clinical need’. In general,
NICE uses strong wording around who should prescribe cannabis-based medicines: ‘…initial prescription of
cannabis-based medicines must be issued by a doctor on the specialist register with a special interest in the
condition being treated. For children and young patients, the initiating prescriber should also be a tertiary
pediatric specialist.
In summary above, the three cornerstone publications 
conclude that cannabis-based medicines may be prescribed 
in spasticity due to multiple sclerosis, chemotherapy-in-
duced nausea and vomiting, neuropathic pain conditions and 
treatment-resistant epilepsy with Dravet syndrome and/or 
Lennox-Gastaut Syndrome.
The current prescribing rates indicate cannabis-based medi-
cine, as THC or THC:CBD, is used chiefly in the context of pain, 
oncology or palliative care. This is founded in that the possi-
ble clinical benefits traverse conditions as pain, nausea and 
vomiting, and enhance patients’ well-being through appetite 
stimulation and sleep quality.
In this section below, there is provided a high-level summary 
of current developments using findings from recent major 
reviews, as well as real world evidence (RWE), including global 
database registries and other patient reported outcomes 
(PROs14). On the one hand, the strongest empirical data sup-
ports the use of cannabis-based medicinal products (CB-
MPs15) for conditions with relatively small patient numbers. 
Yet on the other hand, the conditions, where the highest pa-
tient numbers present, often have debatable clinical evidence 
but good RWE16, incorporating PROs of 1000s of patients.
The discord between PROs and the respective strength of 
the evidence from randomized controlled trials (RCTs17) high-
lights the need for further research. The scientific literature 
examining the efficacy of cannabinoids for many conditions is 
still developing, whilst large numbers of patients globally have 
been successfully using medical cannabis to treat a broad 
range of conditions.
14 PRO: Patient Reported Outcomes
15 CBMP: Cannabis Based Medicinal Products
16 Real-World Evidence (RWE) or Real-World Data (RWD)
17 RCT: Randomised Controlled Trials
Current use of medical use of cannabis vs. evidence (patient 
use of medical cannabis by indication vs. level of existing evi-
dence of efficacy from recent developments in human clinical 
applications and potential therapeutics):
Source: Current controversies in medical cannabis: Recent developments in human clinical applications and potential therapeutics
Multiple sclerosis
Neuropathic pain
Arthritis
Parkinson’s
Tourette’s
ASD
Glaucoma
Skin conditions
Fibromyalgia
Dementia
Substance use disorders
PTSD
ADHD
Migraine
Schizophrenia
Intractable epilepsy
Cancer-related pain
Sleep disturbances
Depression
Anxiety
Cancer-related nausea
Chronic pain
Appetite stimulation in wasting disorders
Inflammatory bowel disorders
Relative number of patients
Strength of evidence
Low
Low
High
High
Medical cannabis and cannabinioids

--- Page 25 ---
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 48 / 126
PAGE 49 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
Source: Current controversies in medical cannabis: Recent developments in human clinical applications and potential therapeutics 
and www.Clinicaltrials.gov  
Note: The figure is based on clinical studies (phase 1 and forward) registered in the Clinical Trial database, where cannabidiol and tetra-
hydrocannabinol is used as an intervening medicine. The database contains both private and publicly funded clinical trials conducted 
worldwide. However, it should be noted that the database does not cover all clinical trials of cannabis and cannabinoids in the world.
Cannabis users have long reported therapeutic properties 
of the plant for a variety of conditions, some of which include 
the treatment of nausea, emesis, seizures, cancer, neurogen-
ic diseases and pain control. Research has elucidated many 
cannabinoid pharmacodynamic and pharmacokinetic prop-
erties, expanding its potential use as a medical therapy. With 
the shift in legislature towards an acceptance of the medic-
inal use of cannabis and cannabinoids, further research has 
granted a better understanding of how cannabis and canna-
binoids may provide therapeutic benefit to patients. Moreover, 
delineation of the molecular mechanisms by which these 
benefits are achieved has led to the ongoing development 
of pharmaceutical derivatives of cannabis which may offer 
targeted therapeutic benefit without associated adverse 
effects. In this relatively new field of pharmaceutical develop-
ment, ongoing drug development promises benefit from an 
approach of targeted endocannabinoid receptor agonism for 
the management of chronic pain conditions.
Isolation of 
phytochemicals
1960
250
200
150
100
50
0
1980
2000
2020
Discovery of the 
endocannabinoid system
Number of published clinical trials
Valuedrivers 
Cannabis- and cannabinoids in therapeutic use impress in 
more key areas: strong growth rate, interest, and rising popu-
larity - a strong combination for industry-related companies 
among the pioneers in Europe. Cannabis- and cannabinoids 
products are rapidly gaining acceptance in the public eye and 
at a federal government level.
The use of cannabis and cannabinoids has been known back 
to our predecessors but is now experiencing more and more 
acceptance in the general population, both from a human 
perspective in the form of ordinary people as politicians, as 
well as opinion makers and scientists. The evidence for the 
use of cannabis and cannabinoids for therapeutic purposes is 
rapidly increasing, and so is the demand for the product, while 
the market is experiencing a shortage in terms of solid suppli-
ers who can supply from batch-to-batch over time.
It is the Company’s observation that if the products in the 
industry are to be made more accessible, it is needed to 
address the supply issues and obtain the data and evidence 
that is needed to enable the ends. This gives rise to an even 
greater optimism for the future of medicinal cannabis and 
cannabinoids. DanCann Pharma sees this new area of canna-
bis and cannabinoids as a great opportunity, and the Com-
pany believes it will develop and impact the future of many 
drugs and pharmaceuticals. Below are the three main key 
value drivers elaborated.
1. Demand and lack of access
Cannabis is highly stigmatized, even in ‘cannabis-friendly’ 
clinical environments. Among the medical field, there is a 
general perception that cannabis-based medicine became 
available by popular demand rather than through convention-
al medicine development. The recent and rapid re-introduc-
tion of cannabinoids to modern medical practice means there 
is still a lot to understand and discover. Nonetheless, can-
nabis-based medicines are now available on prescription in 
multiple countries. Prohibition Partners estimate that around 
€354 million worth of unlicensed medical cannabis will be 
sold in Europe 2022, and project this will grow to around €2.3 
billion by 2026. In the long run, once all markets have imple-
mented legislation and enacted an efficient market infra-
structure, Prohibition Partners estimate that the European 
medicinal cannabis market could be worth up to €58 billion.
Countries currently permitting the use of cannabis for medical and scientific purposes
Countries currently 
permitting the use of 
cannabis for medical 
and scientific 
purposes

--- Page 26 ---
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 50 / 126
PAGE 51 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
2. Data and evidence
The understanding of the endocannabinoid system, the 
cannabinoid receptors, endogenous and plant-derived can-
nabinoids continue to increase. In recent years there have 
been major developments in cultivation techniques, finished 
product quality and production controls, and safer modes of 
administration. Research now demonstrates that cannabi-
noids have therapeutic applications in certain conditions, and 
that cannabis-based medicines are now a potential thera-
peutic option.
In recent years, cannabis and cannabinoids-based pharma-
ceuticals have been approved for sale and made available. 
This has given physicians, in those countries which allow 
it, the option to prescribe evidence-based cannabis and 
cannabinoid-based pharmaceuticals. At present, the most 
widely (worldwide) available products are: Marinol® (AbbVie 
Inc) and Syndros® (Benuvia Therapeutics) which contain 
dronabinol, an isomer of THC; Cesamet® based on nabilone 
(Meda Pharmaceuticals Inc.), another synthetic cannabinoid; 
Sativex® (GW Pharma Ltd.), based on an ethanol extraction 
of cannabis sativa; and Epidiolex® (Greenwich Biosciences), 
which contains CBD.
In step with the increased efforts in the field of clinical ev-
idence for cannabinoid-based treatment, Big Pharma has 
gradually come into force, which has otherwise acted under 
the radar, and recognized the promising results and that the 
potential exists. This we most recently saw through the ac-
quisition where Pfizer bets on cannabinoids with the USD 6.7 
billion acquisition of Arena Pharmaceuticals, and also through 
the agreement between Jazz Pharma and GW Pharma, 
where Jazz Pharma acquired GW Pharma for USD 7.2 billion, 
thereby adding cannabis- and cannabinoid-based drugs and 
pharmaceuticals to their portfolio in the form of Sativex and 
Epidiolex. GW Pharma’s Epidiolex, the first FDA-authorized 
CBD medicine for treating children with Lennox-Gastaut and 
Dravet syndromes, generated sales of over USD 500 million 
for the UK-based company in 2020 prior to its acquisition in 
February 2021. 
R&D on cannabinoids is achieving exciting results in the 
treatment application. For this reason, it is expected to see 
further involvement of pharmaceutical companies in the 
medicinal cannabis industry in the following years. DanCann 
Pharma and its management likewise expect to see more of 
these transactions in the future, where Big Pharma targeting 
the cannabinoid field, and understand its value as more and 
more companies are learning the benefits of cannabis and 
cannabinoids. 
3. Change in regulations and the political 
climate 
The world is currently experiencing a tremendously im-
proved understanding of cannabis and cannabinoids, and 
an increased acceptance of it is ongoing, to the benefit of 
many patients. Cannabis- and cannabinoids in therapeutic 
use impress in more key areas: strong growth rate, interest, 
and rising popularity - an extremely powerful combination for 
industry-related companies among the pioneers in Europe, 
and a very strong combination that creates increased interest 
and makes the market significantly more attractive.
The treatment with medical cannabis has been known way 
back by our predecessors, but became seriously known as 
cannabis tinctures were widely used in Europe and the US to 
relieve pain in the 19th century. However, this was abruptly 
stopped when the “Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs” 
took place in 1961, which then became the end of the legal 
use of cannabis in signatories’ countries.
Approximately 30 years later, in the 1990s, scientists discover 
the endocannabinoid system (“ECS”) in humans and other 
mammals which is the kickstart of MoA18  and PoC19 medical 
and clinical research. Later in the 2010s, the world sees that 
scientific studies on cannabinoids are increasing, but sub-
standard cannabis product quality, lack of dose consistency 
and of well powered randomized controlled clinical trial (RCT) 
continue to be hampered in terms of the adoption of medical 
cannabis by physicians and patients. 
Over the next 10-15 years and in the early 2020s, the world 
is experiencing the first decade of prescription cannabinoids, 
where cannabis hits mainstream R&D with integrated drug 
discovery and FDA/EMA authorization, full clinical studies 
showing efficacy in relation to specific indications, which 
result in US and European Commission approval for the treat-
ment of diseases for the first time in history.
At the end of 2021, the United Nations’ commission reclassi-
fies cannabis, no longer considered risky narcotic. The United 
Nations’ Commission for Narcotic Drugs voted to remove 
cannabis from Schedule IV of the 1961 Single Convention on 
Narcotic Drugs, a decision that is expected to eventually have 
a far-reaching impact on cannabis and cannabinoid research 
and for medical use and purposes worldwide, and further-
more, Denmark legalized its locale production of cannabis and 
cannabinoid products on a permanent basis, which ensures, 
and states, that the Danish governmental institution defines 
this a thing and business for the future.
Later, the world has seen further regulation take place, and 
not only in a perspective of therapeutic measures, but also 
on a more recreational basis. Among other things, including 
Germany’s intention to legalize cannabis, which is consid-
ered to be a game changer for Europe. The intention from the 
new government of Germany is to legalize controlled sales 
of cannabis for adults for recreational purposes. The German 
government estimates that the state can earn EUR 4.7 billion 
annually on a legalization. Measured by population, Germany 
will be the largest country in the world to legalize cannabis 
- but not the first. Canada started a legalization process in 
2018, and 18 states in the United States, as well as Uruguay 
have already legalized the sale and use of cannabis for recre-
ational purposes.
The structure above addresses to the public interest in a mix 
of the political system and science that ultimately pushes for 
the right investments in the market, which enables a future 
market, that among other things, covers a European market 
worth up to EUR 58 billion, once all markets have implement-
ed legislation and enacted an efficient market infrastructure, 
Prohibition Partners states. Cannabis and cannabinoids can 
potentially disrupt many diseases, and on a global level, where 
DanCann Pharma mainly has its focus on pain patients, which 
today is manly treated with opioids, counts a market value of 
USD 25.4 billion in 2018. The world is ready for a new treat-
ment paradigm.
18 MoA means “Mechanism of Action”. In pharmacology, the term mechanism of action (MOA) refers to the specific biochemical inter
    action through which a drug substance produces its pharmacological effect. A mechanism of action usually includes mention of the 
    specific molecular targets to which the drug binds, such as an enzyme or receptor.
19 PoC means “Proof of Concept”. PoC clinical studies are an early stage of clinical drug development, when a compound has shown 
    potential for human therapeutic use, after preclinical animal models and early safety testing. This step often links Phase I (first in 
    human) and dose-ranging Phase-II studies.

--- Page 27 ---
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 52 / 126
PAGE 53 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
Source: German Ministry of Health, Prohibition Partners
Competition
Since the establishment of the industry in Denmark back in 
late 2017, several companies across the country (DK) have 
been approved to cultivate and handle medical cannabis in 
Denmark (the Development Scheme), and hence, also under 
the Pilot Programme. 
There is a significant difference between the capabilities, 
financial strengths, and strategy of the contenders. However, 
competition will emerge, and the market will mature and pro-
liferate over the coming years. This is natural and positive. 
When evaluating the competitive situation from a DanCann 
Pharma perspective, it is necessary to understand where and 
how each company defines its key focus. Most competitors 
are solely within the cultivation area that require significant 
capital investments. 
Focusing on Germany, there is global competition, mainly 
dominated by Canada and Germany.
German imports of medical cannabis H1 2021
Canda	
	
	
	
116	
2882
Netherlands	
	
	
-	
1989
Denmark	
	
	
2	
1730
Portugal		
	
	
426	
1157
Australia		
	
	
262	
485
Uruguay		
	
	
-	
358	
Spain	
	
	
	
13	
165
Austria	 	
	
	
-	
142
Colombia	
	
	
97	
-
Irael	
	
	
	
58	
-
Poland	
	
	
	
-	
50
Jamaica, 	N. Macedonia, Malta, 	
6	
7
Switzerland, Lesotho,
New Zealand
Oil	
Flower (KG)
Oil	
Flower (KG)
Operators from an increasing number of countries around 
the world are now exporting to Germany and elsewhere in 
Europe. This includes locations as disparate as Uruguay, Aus-
tralia and Denmark. In September 2021, the Health Ministry 
of Germany released data pertaining to the imports of med-
ical cannabis per country. This showed, for the first time, the 
number of countries importing to Germany and the quanti-
ties of each. Seventeen countries are recorded as having ex-
ported medical cannabis to Germany throughout the course 
of the first half of 2021. While several countries only exported 
small quantities in these six months, the data still shows that 
the link in the supply network has been established and can 
be expected to grow in most cases. All medical cannabis in 
Germany must be EU-GMP compliant which legislates for a 
high standard for production and the testing of medicines. It 
takes time to construct the capabilities to produce at this lev-
el, and longer to obtain the certification via an inspector from 
the European Union (EU) or a proxy from domestic regulators.
Germany relies on imports of large volumes of medical can-
nabis products as there is a limitation on the amount national 
companies may produce. A large share of the products sold 
on the German market are imported from other European 
countries. Cannabis flowers produced by Danish companies 
make up 19% of German imports of cannabis flowers, as 
shown in the figure below.
Source: Cannabis Business Industry Association e.V. (2021)
Canada
Netherlands
Denmark
Portigal
Australia
Other
32%
22%
19%
13%
5%
9%
German import of cannabis flowers

--- Page 28 ---
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 54 / 126
PAGE 55 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
Source: Health Canada, Prohibition Partners
Canada
In 2021, there was the continuation of the decline of the 
duopoly over cannabis production held by Canada and the 
Netherlands, with the effects being visible in Europe more 
than anywhere else. These two countries were able to 
establish dominance in medical cannabis distribution mostly 
by virtue of having legalized medical cannabis a decade or so 
before other competing regions. This meant that producers 
like Tilray in Canada and the sole producer in the Netherlands, 
Bedrocan, had the opportunity to develop robust produc-
tion systems. Aspects of these systems include producing 
consistent genotypes and phenotypes in proprietary plant 
strains; large-scale production sites with efficient and com-
pliant procedures and the reputation with regulators that 
comes from repeated passing of audits and spot tests.
However, medical cannabis is now legal in many more 
countries around the world, and the lessons learned in early 
markets are being passed on to the new markets to enable 
producers to achieve scaled and compliant production in 
shorter and shorter time periods. 
Canada is the single largest exporter of medical cannabis in 
the world and will remain so for the foreseeable future. Can-
ada operates a free-market model for licensing and produc-
tion in the country. Many states in the United States operate 
similarly open policies to production licensing for medical 
cannabis, but the illicit status of cannabis at the federal level 
means none can be exported in the same way that Canadian 
production can.
Flower
Oil
10.000
7.500
5.000
2.500
0
Exports (KG)
2018
Q4
2020
Q1
2019
Q2
2020
Q3
2019
Q1
2020
Q2
2019
Q3
2020
Q4
2019
Q4
2021
Q1
We work passionately to 
improve the quality of life for 
patients with challenges and 
their relatives.
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 55 / 126
OCTOBER 2022

--- Page 29 ---
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 56 / 126
PAGE 57 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
Netherlands, Bedrocan
However, similar to the Netherlands, the threat of foreign 
production and the increasing trend for domestic production 
means that the growth seen up to 2021 may not continue. 
Already, 2021 was a slow quarter for the export of medical 
cannabis.
Source: OMC, Prohibition Partners
4.000
3.500
3.000
2.500
2.000
1.500
1.000
500
0
2010
19
40
48
281
281
370
481
1.045
2.051
3.549
3.380
3.700
2014
2018
2012
2016
2020
2011
2015
2019
2013
2017
2021
Exports (KG)
Exports of Dutch medical cannabis flower:
Source: Dutch Parliament (2021), Prohibition Partners
For now, the Netherlands remains the second most prolific 
exporter of medical cannabis in the world behind Canada, 
exporting to at least 14 countries as of mid-2021, with smaller 
shipments to many other countries for individual patients and 
research purposes. In 2020, 65% of exported Dutch flower 
was sent to Germany, with the possibility that more was sent 
via other countries. 
Location of medical cannabis exports from the Netherlands as of 2021:

--- Page 30 ---
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 58 / 126
PAGE 59 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
Risk factors
Several risk factors can have a potential effect on the operations of 
DanCann Pharma. There are risks pertaining to the specific, as well 
as risks with no specific connection with DanCann Pharma, but that 
may impact the industry and market in which the Company oper-
ates. Therefore, it is of great importance to consider the material risks 
associated with the future development of the Company and its 
shares. Material risk factors are described below without claiming to 
be exhaustive. For natural reasons, it is not possible to assess all risk 
factors without a combined evaluation of other information in the 
Prospectus, along with a general assessment. The risk factors in-
clude an assessment of the probability of the occurrence of the risk 
and the extent of its negative impact on the Company listed as high, 
moderate to low. For each category, the most significant risks are 
mentioned first in accordance with the Company’s assessment, tak-
ing into account the extent of the negative impact on the Company 
and the likelihood of the risks occurring.

--- Page 31 ---
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 60 / 126
PAGE 61 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
Revolutionizing health
and quality of life for
patients and relatives.
Clinical trials and studies 
Clinical trials and the pharmaceutical industry are associated 
with uncertainty. Since cannabis and cannabinoids is a new 
medical field with a history of previous stigmatization, there 
is a lack of previous adequate data and research in the area. 
This fact makes it difficult to predict the outcome of clinical 
trials and studies as well as the likelihood of success. 
The uncertainty is largely connected to the risks related to 
delays in certain processes and the outcome of the results. 
There is a risk that the results from DanCann Pharma’s part-
ners and its clinical trials do not match the results in more 
extensive ongoing trials of the productWW portfolio and 
pipeline, which thus indicates insufficient safety and effi-
ciency. This could affect the Company’s ability to launch its 
pharmaceutical products. In addition, it could lead to delayed 
launches of the Company’s products, which would affect 
DanCann Pharma’s ability to generate income and thereby 
harming the financial position of the Company for a period 
of time. Therefore, there is a risk that the potential outcome 
of the clinical trials could be undesirable, which could mean 
that DanCann Pharma and its partners need to reconsider the 
formulation and design of the products.
A part of DanCann Pharma’s business is to conduct the 
clinical trials and studies through partnership. As for now, 
DanCann Pharma has two candidates in phase two stud-
ies and there is a risk that these candidates will not make it 
through all trial phases. The Company invests money and 
time in these clinical trials and studies and if the candidates 
are not finally approved, they will mainly constitute a cost for 
the Company and consequently not contribute to DanCann 
Pharma’s ability to generate income in the future.
DanCann Pharma assesses the likelihood of the risk occur-
ring as medium. If the risk should materialise, DanCann Phar-
ma considers the potential negative impact to be high.
Financing and capital needs
DanCann Pharma is not profitable and has incurred losses 
every year since its formation and the financial year 2021 was 
the first year the Company had revenue. DanCann Pharma’s 
future plans carry significant costs for DanCann Pharma. If 
DanCann Pharma does not receive at least approximately 
DKK 12 million in the Issue of Units (approximately 42 percent 
of the Offer) and all alternative financing opportunities fail, 
there is a risk that DanCann Pharma will have to revise the de-
velopment plans significantly, which consequently may delay 
or temporarily halt the developments of DanCann Pharma’s 
operation.
There is a risk that delays in DanCann Pharma’s clinical trials, 
controlled studies, and/or or product developments, will result 
in a delayed market breakthrough and consequently cash 
flow being generated later than expected. Delaying market 
breakthroughs in emerging markets could result in lower rev-
enue for the Company, which may mean that the Company’s 
breakeven will be generated later than planned. Consequent-
ly, there is a risk that DanCann Pharma’s targets regarding the 
market penetration and sales will not be achieved within the 
determined timeframe and that it takes longer than planned 
to reach the determined milestones.
DanCann Pharma may have a need for additional capital in the 
future and there is a risk that such capital cannot be raised 
(please see the section “Working capital statement”). In the 
long run, there is a risk that, if all financing options fail, the 
Company goes bankrupt. Thus, there is a risk that investors 
lose their entire investment in the Company in the event that 
the Company goes bankrupt.
DanCann Pharma assesses the likelihood of the risk occur-
ring as medium. If the risk should materialise, DanCann Phar-
ma considers the potential negative impact to be high.
RISKS SPECIFIC AND MATERIAL TO THE COMPANY’S 
OPERATIONS
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 61 / 126
OCTOBER 2022

--- Page 32 ---
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 62 / 126
PAGE 63 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
Final permission(s) and approval(s) from the 
DanishMedicine Agency
Due to the date of the Prospectus approval, DanCann 
Pharma does not have all the necessary licenses needed to 
realize its business. To be able to promote and sell medical 
cannabis, permissions must be obtained from the Danish 
Medicine Agency (DMA). DanCann Pharma is licensed under 
the Development Scheme (please see the definition under 
the section “Definitions”), from which DanCann Pharma can 
develop its production facilities, procedures, and its cultiva-
tion and production of medical cannabis. However, in order to 
import and/or produce medical cannabis that will be available 
for prescription, DanCann Pharma must be licensed under the 
Pilot Programme (please see the definition under the section 
“Definitions”). 
DanCann Pharma intends to obtain license under the Pi-
lot Programme and to develop its business with facilities 
for manufacturing of medical cannabis. Further, DanCann 
Pharma’s manufactured products must undergo an ap-
proval process by the DMA before sales and/or exports can 
begin. There is a risk that DanCann Pharma will not receive 
the necessary permits from the DMA without adjusting the 
application and/or the Company’s manufactured products. If 
adjustments are needed, it will mean that the permit process 
will be delayed and become more expensive. This poses a 
risk to Company’s ability to generate revenue, which would 
adversely affect the Company’s earnings and financial posi-
tion. In a worst case scenario, the Company may not receive 
the necessary permissions and approvals, which would have 
material negative effect on the Company’s ability to gener-
ate revenue and could lead to the Company being unable to 
conduct its planned operations.
DanCann Pharma assesses the likelihood of the risk occur-
ring as low. If the risk should materialise, DanCann Pharma 
considers the potential negative impact to be high.
Market growth, market penetration and mar-
keting
DanCann Pharma is planning to expand strongly over the 
coming years, firstly by increasing market shares in the 
Company’s domestic country (Denmark), and secondly by 
establishing itself in new countries and regions. The planned 
expansion is strongly linked with the Company’s planned fo-
cus on retrieving market shares through marketing activities 
in new countries and regions. Also, and in accordance with 
the Company’s strategy of expanding its market shares, the 
Company aims to finalize distributor agreements outside of 
Denmark. 
In order to achieve these ambitions, the Company is rely-
ing on generating an increase in demand for the Company’s 
products. The increase in demand is connected to a success-
ful marketing strategy. However, there is no guarantee that 
any of the Company’s marketing activities will generate an 
increase in demand and if the achieved market shares are not 
in line with the Company’s expectations, this may result in a 
lower degree of market penetration, which in turn can result 
in lower revenues than expected. In such a scenario, the 
following establishments in other countries and regions may 
be delayed and thereby result in a loss of income.
An establishment in new countries may lead to problems 
and risks that are difficult to predict, for example, unforeseen 
costs. To establish the Company in other countries, various 
permits will be required to be allowed to sell, distribute, and 
market its products. There is a risk that DanCann Pharma 
will not receive the necessary permits or that the process 
of obtaining these permits will be delayed, which will mean 
that the establishments may be delayed and thus lead to a 
drop in revenue as well as a delayed market penetration in the 
country in question.
Rapid growth may also mean that DanCann Pharma makes 
acquisitions of other companies. Lack of synergies and less 
successful integration work of acquired companies can 
adversely affect DanCann Pharma’s operations and profit. 
Rapid growth can also lead to problems at the organizational 
level. In addition, it may be difficult to recruit enough compe-
tent staff as the business grows and it can also be difficult to 
achieve a successful integration of new staff in the Compa-
ny’s organisation.
There is also a risk that the expected European market 
growth for medical cannabis will not materialise, which 
affects DanCann Pharma’s revenue opportunities, as the 
medical cannabis growth projection constitutes a significant 
percentage of the total predicted European expenditure for 
medicines.
DanCann Pharma assesses the likelihood of the risk occur-
ring as medium. If the risk should materialise, DanCann Phar-
ma considers the potential negative impact to be medium.
Competitors
Some of DanCann Pharma’s competitors and potential future 
competitors are multinational companies with large financial 
resources. There is a risk that there is widespread investment 
and product development from one or more competitors, 
which could result in a deterioration in sales or a deterioration 
in revenue opportunities for DanCann Pharma, as competi-
tors can develop products that outperform the Company’s 
products and thereby gain market share. In addition, compa-
nies with global activities currently operating in nearby areas 
may decide to establish businesses within DanCann Phar-
ma’s business area.
Companies that compete with DanCann Pharma is, among 
others, Aurora Nordic Cannabis ApS, Little Green Pharma 
Denmark ApS, and StenoCare A/S. These competitors are 
licensed under the Pilot Programme. The competitors are 
comparable to DanCann Pharma, since they produce, sell, and 
export medical cannabis products to the European market.
An increase in demand for products containing cannabi-
noids can also generate a greater number of market players, 
i.e., future competitors for the Company. There is a risk that 
increased competition will lead to negative sales and revenue 
as well as consequences for DanCann Pharma in case com-
petitors develop products with better function and/or better 
quality.
DanCann Pharma assesses the likelihood of the risk occur-
ring as medium. If the risk should materialise, DanCann Phar-
ma considers the potential negative impact to be medium.
Prices 
DanCann Pharma’s products are based on cannabis flowers 
and the price of the cannabis flowers is determined based 
on supply and demand in a fluctuating market and the price 
of cannabis flowers affects the Company’s product margins. 
If the demand for cannabis flowers increases, or the supply 
decreases, there is a risk that DanCann Pharma’s margins will 
decrease if the Company is not able to compensate through 
adjustment of prices towards purchasers of the Company’s 
products.
Market prices of medical cannabis are expected to fall over 
time as the supply increases due to, for example, (i) the legal-
ization of the manufacturing process or (ii) sale and/or export 
of medical cannabis in other countries, especially in countries 
where it would be less expensive to produce medical canna-
bis. There is risk that this development is realized faster than 
anticipated with decreasing margins for DanCann Pharma 
as a result. Ultimately, this might negatively affect DanCann 
Pharma’s profitability and revenues.
Since DanCann Pharma operates in a new and emerging new 
market (medical cannabis), there is a risk that initial higher 
margins cannot be sustained over time. 
DanCann Pharma assesses the likelihood of the risk occur-
ring as medium. If the risk should materialise, DanCann Phar-
ma considers the potential negative impact to be medium.
Changes in the regulations and the political 
climate 
DanCann Pharma operates within the new pharmaceutical 
area of cannabis and cannabinoids, which may be consid-
ered unknown and controversial. The potential controversial 
aspects of this business area come with a constant risk of 
changes in the political climate and associated regulations. In 
recent years, the acceptance of cannabis and cannabinoids 
within the pharmaceutical area has increased in Europe and 
other parts of the world, but this could change.
In Denmark there is currently a legal and political acceptance 
of cannabis and cannabinoids within the pharmaceutical 
area, given the Development Scheme and the Pilot Program. 
However, there is a risk that such acceptance significantly 
decreases due to various reasons, e.g., swings in the public 
opinion causing a demand for political interference. This could 
result in the Development Scheme and the Pilot Program 
being abandoned or the requirements for such scheme/
program being substantially increased. A similar risk aspect 
could be applied to the market worldwide.
Furthermore, the Pilot Programme for prescription is once 
again on a 4-year trial period and is still to be made perma-
nent. If the Pilot Programme for prescription are not extended 
or made permanent, DanCann Pharma’s possibility of con-
tinuing/initiating parts of its business will decrease materially, 
and there is a material risk that DanCann Pharma’s earnings 
and financial position will be adversely affected.

--- Page 33 ---
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 64 / 126
PAGE 65 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
Regulatory reforms or changes in the political situation and 
standpoint regarding cannabinoids, either in Denmark, within 
the EU, or globally, may therefore affect the operations of 
the Company. In a worst-case scenario, the manufacturing, 
sale and/or export of medical cannabis is prohibited due to 
changed political views. This could in its turn lead to the Com-
pany not being able to continue its operations.
Since cannabis and cannabinoids is new medical field, there 
may be changes to the regulatory requirements placed on 
the Company and its partners as the field develops and more 
research is conducted. Such changes will likely affect the 
Company’s ability to meet regulatory requirements in the 
future. Thus, there is also a risk that DanCann Pharma, directly 
or via its collaborative partners, will not receive the necessary 
permits and registrations with the governmental authorities 
due to changed regulatory requirements. Thus, there is a risk 
that DanCann Pharma, directly or through partners, will need 
to adjust its business to meet new requirements, which will 
entail costs for the Company.
In the event DanCann Pharma, directly or via collaborative 
partners, fails to obtain the requisite permits and registrations 
from the governmental authorities, there is a risk that the 
Company’s ability to generate revenue will be inhibited and 
its financial position be adversely affected. There is also a risk 
that observations and feedback on the Company’s partners 
proposed plans for planned upcoming studies and clinical 
trials will result in delays and/or increased costs for the Com-
pany hereby.
DanCann Pharma assesses the likelihood of the risk occur-
ring as low. If the risk should materialise, DanCann Pharma 
considers the potential negative impact to be medium.
Covid-19 and potential future pandemics
There is a risk that DanCann Pharma’s ongoing or future clin-
ical trials, development, and/or production of already existing 
and future products may not be possible to conduct or will 
be delayed due to covid-19 and potential future pandemics, 
which may lead to a failure in achieving the Company’s finan-
cial and operational objectives. Any delays, effect on product 
demands, and/or social interference may result in increased 
costs for the Company or loss of revenue, which by extension 
may adversely affect the Company’s earnings, capital, and 
financial position.
During certain stages of the covid-19 pandemic when 
restrictions applied, it was difficult for DanCann Pharma and 
its partners to recruit test patients for their clinical trials and 
to carry out the studies as such. At various stages of the 
covid-19 pandemic, it was also difficult for DanCann Pharma 
to conduct parts of its business due to the restrictions. The 
covid-19 pandemic also meant that deliveries to and from the 
Company were significantly delayed. In the event restrictions 
are introduced again due to covid-19 or another pandemic, it 
would entail a risk that DanCann Pharma would be exposed 
to similar or worse challenges than those now mentioned.
DanCann Pharma assesses the likelihood of the risk occur-
ring as low. If the risk should materialise, DanCann Pharma 
considers the potential negative impact to be medium.
Key employees and employees
DanCann Pharma relies on key people to execute its business 
plan and maintain permits. As of the Prospectus Date, Dan-
Cann Pharma’s key employees consist of the Chief Executive 
Officer Jeppe Krog Rasmussen, the Chief Executive Officer of 
CannGros Louise Conradsen, and the Chief Operating Officer 
Sarah Mai Lykke-Kjeldsen. There is a risk that a loss of one 
or more key employees would have adverse consequences 
for DanCann Pharma’s business operations and its financial 
results. There is a risk that DanCann Pharma will need to re-
cruit staff to replace key employees, which could be a costly 
process, both in terms of time and money. There is a risk that 
DanCann Pharma’s costs will increase as a result hereof.
There is also a risk that DanCann Pharma will not be able to 
replace staff, since production of Medical Cannabis requires a 
particular set of skills and knowledge, which would affect the 
Company’s business operations.
DanCann Pharma assesses the likelihood of the risk occur-
ring as low. If the risk should materialise, DanCann Pharma 
considers the potential negative impact to be medium.
Partners
DanCann Pharma currently has, and will in the future have, 
the intention to enter into additional partnerships. Partner-
ships are essential for DanCann Pharma, as well as in the 
medical cannabis industry generally, in terms of sales, new 
products, pipeline, market penetration, etc. There is a risk that 
one or more partners will choose to end their partnership 
with DanCann Pharma, which could have a negative impact 
on the Company’s business. There is also a risk that partners 
of DanCann Pharma do not fully meet the quality or regu-
latory requirements imposed by DanCann Pharma or the 
legislator. Lack of quality in service information to customers 
could lead to decreased trust in the Company and thus lost 
opportunities for selling the products and generating reve-
nues. In addition, the establishment of new partnerships can 
be more expensive and/or may take longer than DanCann 
Pharma estimates.
DanCann Pharma assesses the likelihood of the risk occur-
ring as low. If the risk should materialise, DanCann Pharma 
considers the potential negative impact to be medium.
Unauthorized disclosure of know-how
The risk of unauthorized disclosure of information is present 
in the medical industry, which involve a risk that competitors 
may receive information about DanCann Pharma’s developed 
know-how. There is a risk that DanCann Pharma’s com-
petitors could use such information to further develop their 
own products and DanCann Pharma could therefore face 
increased competition, which may adversely affect DanCann 
Pharma’s business activities, financial position, and results.
DanCann Pharma assesses the likelihood of the risk occur-
ring as low. If the risk should materialise, DanCann Pharma 
considers the potential negative impact to be medium.

--- Page 34 ---
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 66 / 126
PAGE 67 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
Share price development, volatility, 
and liquidity
Existing and prospective shareholders should consider that 
an investment  in DanCann Pharma is associated with risks 
and that it cannot be predicted whether the share price will 
have a positive development. This entails a risk that an inves-
tor may lose all or part of their invested capital in the Com-
pany. DanCann Pharma’s share price has historically been 
volatile and may continue to fluctuate as a result of, among 
other things, revenues variations in the Company’s quarterly 
reports, the general economic situation, and changes in the 
stock market’s interest in DanCann Pharma and its shares. 
Limited liquidity in the shares can also contribute to amplify 
such fluctuations in the share price.
Average turnover per trading day in DanCann Pharma’s share 
during the period 1 January – 31 August 2022 amounted to 
315,142.2 DKK. Average closing price per trading day in Dan-
Cann Pharma’s share during the same period amounted to 
3,45 DKK per share, with the lowest closing price amounting 
to 1.00 DKK per share and the highest closing price amount-
ing to 6.78 DKK per share.
The share price may be affected by factors that are wholly or 
partly outside DanCann Pharma’s control. An investment in 
DanCann Pharma should therefore be preceded by a careful 
analysis of the Company, its competitors, general information 
about the industry, the general economic situation, and other 
relevant information. There is a risk that shares in the Compa-
ny cannot be sold to a price acceptable to the shareholder at 
any given time.
DanCann Pharma assesses the likelihood of the risk occur-
ring as high. If the risk should materialise, DanCann Pharma 
considers the potential negative impact to be medium.
RISKS SPECIFIC AND MATERIAL TO THE COMPANY’S 
SECURITIES AND THE ISSUE
Warrants
In the Issue of Units, the instrument consists of so-called 
units, each of which consists of ten (10) New Shares and six 
(6) New Warrants. Each New Warrant entails a right to sub-
scribe for a newly issued share in the Company at a prede-
termined price under a certain period in the future. The New 
Warrants can be transferred and are intended to be admitted 
to trading on Spotlight.
The price development of the Company’s shares may affect 
the trading with the New Warrants. The New Warrants only 
have a value if the subscription price for the newly issued 
shares in the future is less than the market price of the Com-
pany’s shares at the time of subscription. This means that the 
probability that the New Warrants may lose their entire value 
is greater than, for example, shares in the Company. There is 
thus a risk that the New Warrants will not increase in value 
or that they do not represent a value at the time they expire. 
There is also a risk that the liquidity in the trading of these 
New Warrants is not good enough for them to be sold on 
terms satisfactory to the holders.
If the subscription price exceeds the market price of the 
Company’s shares at the time of subscription, there is a risk 
that the New Warrants will not be exercised, which would 
mean that the DanCann Pharma will not receive additional 
capital and would affect the Company’s financial situation.
DanCann Pharma assesses the likelihood of the risk occur-
ring as medium. If the risk should materialise, DanCann Phar-
ma considers the potential negative impact to be high.
Psychological factors
There is a risk that the securities market is affected by phys-
ical factors, such as trends, rumours, and reactions to news 
and events, which are not directly related to the business 
of the Company. Since DanCann Pharma is operating in the 
field of medical cannabis, that, in some cases, are affected by 
relatively large number of factors, such as political, ethical, and 
regulatory, the Company may be exposed to a greater degree 
of risk and thus becoming a victim of trends and rumours 
that may potentially generate greater psychological vulner-
ability for the Company. In other words, there is a risk that 
DanCann Pharma is more exposed to peoples’ general line 
of opinion, trends, and rumours than companies operating in 
more traditional business areas. 
There is a risk that psychological factors and its subsequent 
effects on price developments will adversely affect the 
market price of the DanCann Pharma’s Shares. A lower share 
price may cause difficulties for the Company to raise addi-
tional capital on favourable terms in the future. 
The Company’s share price may thus be increasingly affected 
to a greater extent due psychological factors than securities 
in companies that are also admitted to trading but operates in 
more traditional business areas.
DanCann Pharma assesses the likelihood of the risk occur-
ring as high. If the risk should materialise, DanCann Pharma 
considers the potential negative impact to be medium.
Future issues of new shares and ­
stock dilution
In the future, DanCann Pharma may raise additional capital by 
deciding on an issue of new shares or other securities. Issues 
of new shares may have a negative effect on the shares’ 
market price. Additional issues may also risk decrease the 
shareholders’ ownership percentage in the Company (stock 
dilution).
In the event that an issue is carried out with preferential 
rights for Existing Shareholders, shareholders are given the 
opportunity to defend themselves against stock dilution by 
subscribing for additional securities, which, however, presup-
poses additional investment in the Company. However, there 
is a risk that an issue is made without preferential rights for 
Existing Shareholders, which means that the shareholders 
have no opportunity to protect themselves against stock 
dilution.
The Company may finance its planned expansion with issues 
of new shares, either carried out with or without preferential 
rights for Existing Shareholder. This entails a risk of stock 
dilution in the same way as described above.
DanCann Pharma assesses the likelihood of the risk occur-
ring as medium. If the risk should materialise, DanCann Phar-
ma considers the potential negative impact to be medium.
Sales of shares from executive ­management
The Chief Executive Officer of DanCann Pharma has indirectly 
through his holding company Xignotus Capital ApS undertak-
en, through a lock-up commitment, not to sell any shares in 
the Company up to and including 31 December 2024, more 
described under the section “Lock-up agreements”. In the 
long term, there is a risk that the Chief Executive Officer sell 
part or all of his shares after the lock-up period. Any such sale 
may have a negative impact on DanCann Pharma’s share 
price. DanCann Pharma assesses the likelihood of the risk oc-
curring as low. If the risk should materialise, DanCann Pharma 
considers the potential negative impact to be high.

--- Page 35 ---
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 68 / 126
PAGE 69 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 68 / 100
OCTOBER 2022
Issuer
DanCann Pharma with the corporate registration number (In 
Danish CVR-no) 39 42 60 05 and LEI code 549300KLXQ6I-
C2YUUB58.
Resolutions, authorisations, and approvals
On 21st October 2022, the Board of Directors resolved, based 
on an authorization from the Extraordinary General Meeting 
on 20th September, to carry out the Issue of Units consisting 
of maximum 4,774,714 units with preferential rights for Exist-
ing Shareholders. Each Unit consisting of ten (10) New Shares 
and six (6) New Warrants. 
Information concerning the securities to be 
offered
In this Prospectus, the Company offers units, each con-
sisting of ten (10) New Shares and six (6) New Warrants in 
the Company. The Offer consists of a maximum 4,744,714 
units with a price of DKK 6.00 per unit. The Offer consists 
of a maximum of 28,468,284 New Warrants, each granting 
the right to subscribe for one (1) share in the Company. All 
shares belong to the same share class and carry the same 
rights. With a subscription of the maximum number of units 
in the Offer, the Company’s share capital will increase from 
DKK 1,067,560.8375 to DKK 2,846,828.5875, and the num-
ber of shares will increase from 28,468,289 to 76,915,429. 
With a subscription of the maximum number of units in the 
Offer, the issue proceeds to be received by the Company 
(excluding any costs in relation to the Offer) will amount to 
approximately DKK 1–34.2 million. If all the New Warrants are 
exercised, the share capital will increase with an additional 
DKK 1,067,560.65. 
The New Shares will, just as all Existing Shares, be traded 
under the International Security Identification Number (ISIN 
DK0061410487 on Spotlight under the code/ticker “DANCAN”. 
The shares will have CFI code ESVUFN and FISN code Dan-
Cann Pharma AS/-. The New Warrants will be traded under 
the International Security Identification Number (ISIN) 
DK0061927266 on Spotlight under “DanCann Pharma A/S 
Warrant”, and the warrants will have CFI code RWSTCB and 
FISN code DanCann Pharma A/S Warrant.
The New Shares and the New Warrants are issued according 
to the Danish Companies Act (no. 763 of 23/07/2019) and 
the Company’s Articles of Association as of the date of this 
Prospectus. The Company is, moreover, subject to general 
Danish legislation, including Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and 
the Danish Act on Capital Markets (no. 377 of 02/04- 2020). 
Due to its listing on Spotlight, the Company is also bound to 
the obligations set out in the applicable Spotlight Regulations, 
including its Danish Supplement. Such obligations include, 
but are not limited to, complying with disclosure and infor-
mation requirements on the Swedish Securities market and 
the Danish Securities market. Through its listing on Spotlight, 
the Company may also be subject to Swedish self-regula-
tion, which implies takeover rules and recommendations on 
Terms and conditions 
for the securities

--- Page 36 ---
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 70 / 126
PAGE 71 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
directed issues, while the Swedish Securities Council may, 
on request, decide whether a measure by the Company or 
its shareholders is consistent with the body of the Swedish 
self-regulating system issuing rulings, advice and inform 
good practice on the Swedish stock market.
The shares are registered by name (in Danish: “navneaktier”), 
and the shares and warrants are registered electronically (by 
name) in VP Securities A/S (in Danish: “Værdipapircentralen”), 
Weidekamp- sgade 14, 2300 København S, Denmark. The 
New Shares and the New Warrants are issued in Danish Kro-
ner (DKK).
Distribution of profit and voting rights etc.
The New Shares will have identical rights as the Existing 
Shares. These include voting rights, the right to receive a 
dividend, the right to participate in the proceeds in case of a 
dissolution or liquidation of the Company, and pre-emptive 
rights in connection with capital increases. The New Shares 
will carry these rights as from the date of registration of the 
New Shares with the Danish Business Authority, meanwhile 
the New Warrants do not give its holders such rights (until 
these are exercised and the resulting shares are issued).
All shares in the Company carry an equal right to dividends. 
Dividend on New Shares that are newly issued in the Issue 
of Units as described in this Prospectus will be paid on the 
record day for the dividend that may occur after the regis-
tration of the shares in the share register kept by VP Securi-
ties A/S. The right to a dividend applies to investors who are 
registered as shareholders in the Company on the record day 
for the distribution of dividends. There are no existing restric-
tions on dividends or special procedures for shareholders 
resident outside of Denmark, and payment of any distribution 
of dividend is intended to take place via VP Securities A/S in 
the same manner as for shareholders resident in Denmark. 
Dividends accrue to the Company if it has not been claimed 
by the shareholder within three (3) years from the time of the 
declaration of the dividends.
As of the Prospectus Date, the Company has not yet distrib-
uted any dividend, as the Company has not made any profit 
yet. The Company does not have a formalized dividend policy, 
and the Company is currently expanding its business and 
carries out investments to this effect, so the Company does 
not expect to the distribute dividend for the financial years 
2022 and 2023. In the long view, the Company’s Board of 
directors intends to propose to distribute dividend, to the 
extent allowed by the Company’s finances and taking into 
concern, among other things, the following matters: future 
earnings, financial position, capital requirements, investments 
in the Company, macroeconomic matters, legal requirements, 
and other matters deemed relevant by the Board of Directors 
with respect to this matter. In order to avoid ambiguities, 
what has just been stated is only an indication from the Board 
of directors of how future dividends may be handled and not 
a formally adopted dividends policy. The dividend of the Com-
pany is non-cumulative.
All shares in the Company carry an equal right to profit/
surplus in the event of a liquidation or a dissolution of the 
Company. In the event of liquidation or a dissolution of the 
Company, the shareholders of the Company will receive any 
profit/surplus in proportion to their share of ownership after 
payment of the Company’s creditors.
All shares of the Company possess equal rights to any sur-
plus in the event of bankruptcy. In the event of insolvency 
proceedings of the Company, the Company’s creditors will be 
satisfied in accordance with the Danish Insolvency Act, and 
only if all creditors are paid in full, any excessive surplus are 
divided to the shareholders pro rata in accordance with the 
shareholders’ share of ownership.
At General Meetings, each share has one vote, and each 
shareholder can vote for its full number of shares without 
limitation. All shares provide shareholders with equal rights to 
the number of shares they own. The rights of the sharehold-
ers can only be changed per the procedures specified in the 
Danish Companies Act.
Under the Danish Companies Act, a single shareholder who 
holds more than 90 percent of the share capital in a company 
has the right to redeem the remaining shares from the other 
shareholders in the Company. Correspondingly, a shareholder 
whose shares can be redeemed is entitled to such redemp-
tion by a single shareholder holding more than 90 percent 
of the share capital in a company. The shares that are newly 
issued in the Issue of Units as described in this Prospectus 
are not subject to an offer that is made because of a bid obli-
gation, redemption, or resolution obligation.
None of the shares of the Company carry conversion rights 
or any other special rights.
Takeover rules
There are no Danish laws applicable to the Issuer which 
regulates takeover situations. However, the Issuer is obliged 
to adhere to the following provisions of the Danish Compa-
nies Act and the “takeover rules” of the Swedish Corporate 
Governance Board respectively.
The Shares can be redeemed pursuant to the procedures 
and requirements in the Danish Companies Act. According to 
the Companies Act Section 70, any shareholder owning more 
than 9/10 of the shares in a company can decide that the 
remaining shareholders’ shares shall be redeemed (in Danish: 
“tvangsindløse”) by the majority shareholder. This procedure 
requires that the shareholders are provided a four (4) weeks’ 
notice to transfer their shares to the redeeming shareholder. 
Likewise, the minority shareholders owning less than 1/10 
of the shares can require to be redeemed by a shareholder 
owning more than 9/10 of the share capital pursuant to the 
Danish Companies Act Section 73.
The Swedish Corporate Governance Board has issued the 
“takeover rules” for certain trading platforms, which are es-
sentially equivalent to the rules that apply to companies for 
which shares are admitted to trading on a regulated market. 
The takeover rules will be applied to public takeover offers 
for companies in which shares are traded on Spotlight. This 
means that, in their entirety, the rules will apply not only in 
cases in which the shares are traded exclusively on Spot-
light but also in cases in which the shares are traded on both 
Spotlight and a foreign marketplace. It follows from point 
II.21 (defensive measures) and section III (bid obligation) in 
the takeover rules issued by The Swedish Corporate Gov-
ernance Board that these takeover rules do not apply to the 
Company, as they only apply to target companies that are 
Swedish limited liability companies. The takeover rules in the 
Danish Act on Capital Markets do not apply to the Company 
as Spotlight is not a regulated market.
The securities’ transferability
There are no restrictions on the transferability of the Exist-
ing Shares, the New Shares or the New Warrants, except for 
the lock-up described under section “Lock-up agreements” 
below.
Tax considerations
An investment in the Issue of Units described in this Pro-
spectus may result in tax consequences for the investor. 
DanCann Pharma is a Danish registered company that has 
an unlimited tax liability in Denmark. The Company’s shares 
(including the New Shares) and the New Warrants will be 
traded on Spotlight, a multilateral trading platform (MTF). The 
tax legislation in the investor’s home country and Sweden 
may influence any income received from the Issue of Units 
described in this Prospectus. Taxation of any dividend, as well 
as capital gains tax and rules regarding capital losses on the 
sale of securities, depends on the individual investors’ specific 
situation. Shareholders may need to consult their accountant 
or tax adviser for a closer assessment of tax consequences, 
including the applicability and effect of foreign tax rules and 
tax treaties when being a shareholder in the Company.
Lock-up agreements
DanCann Pharma’s Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and 
founder, Jeppe Krog Rasmussen, has indirectly through his 
holding company Xignotus Capital ApS entered into a lock-
up agreement, which is effective from 1 January 2022 up to 
and including 31 December 2024. The agreement is subject 
to Jeppe Krog Rasmussen retaining his position in DanCann 
Pharma as CEO, unless any other agreement is reached, 
and thus the agreement will be terminated upon a complete 
takeover of the Company. According to the agreement, Jeppe 
Krog Rasmussen is allowed to sell, under certain conditions, 
a very limited extent of his holding if certain milestones are 
reached.
Party
Number of shares
Percentage of the votes and 
capital (%)
Expiration date
Jeppe Krog Rasmussen through Xignotus Capital ApS
5,747,023
20.19
31 December 2024
Total
5,747,023
20.19
Parties that have committed in a lock-up agreement and their respective holdings prior to the Issue of Units

--- Page 37 ---
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 72 / 126
PAGE 73 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
The offer
Existing shareholders, the public, and professional investors 
in Sweden and Denmark are hereby invited to subscribe 
for units in the Company during the period from 31st Octo-
ber 2022 to 11th November 2022. The Board of Directors of 
the Company resolved on 21st October2022, based on an 
authorization from the Extraordinary General Meeting on 20th 
September 2022, to carry out the Issue of Units and to in-
crease the share capital by a maximum of DKK 1,779,267.750 
through a new issue of a maximum of 47,447,140 New 
Shares, each with a nominal value of DKK 0.0375 and also 
issue a maximum of 28,468,284 New Warrants. The maxi-
mum proceeds of the Issue of Units amount to a maximum 
of approximately DKK 28.5 million. The cost of the initial Issue 
of Units amounts to approximately DKK 6 million. The cost of 
full exercise of the New Warrants amounts to approximately 
DKK 0.15–1.9 million.
A maximum of 4,744,714 units will be issued and the sub-
scription price in the issue will be DKK 6.00 per unit. One (1) 
unit consists of ten (10) New Shares and six (6) New Warrants, 
issued free of payment. One (1) New Warrant gives the right 
to subscribe for one (1) share in the Company for the Warrant 
Exercise Price during the Warrant Exercise Period.
Subscription ratio, subscription price and allo-
cation of pre-emptive rights including action 
required to apply for the offer, etc.
Each holder of Existing Shares registered with Euronext 
Securities on 27th October 2022 at 5:59 p.m. CET as a share-
holder in the Company will be allocated one (1) pre-emptive 
right for each Existing Share. For six (6) pre-emptive rights, 
the holder is entitled to subscribe for one unit at a subscrip-
tion price of DKK 6.00 per unit. The rights trading period com-
mences on 31st October 2022 at 9:00 a.m. CET and closes on 
9th November 2022 2022 at 5:00 p.m. CET. The subscription 
period for units commences31st October 2022 at 9:00 a.m. 
CET and closes on 11th November 2022 at 5:00 p.m. CET. Any 
pre-emptive rights not exercised during the subscription 
period of the units will lapse with no value, and the holder of 
such pre-emptive rights will not be entitled to compensa-
tion. Once a holder of pre-emptive rights has exercised such 
rights and subscribed for units, such subscription cannot be 
withdrawn or modified by the holder.
The pre-emptive rights have been approved for trading and 
official listing on Spotlight to the effect that they can be trad-
ed on Spotlight during the rights trading period in the tempo-
rary ISIN code DK0061926961. The pre-emptive rights, the 
temporary units and the units, following automatic conver-
sion from temporary units, will be delivered in book-entry 
form through allocation to accounts with Euronext Securities.
Completion of the Offer and registration of the units with the 
Danish Business Authority is expected to take place on 18th 
November 2022. The Company’s register of shareholders is 
kept by Euronext Securities.
Terms and conditions 
for the offer

--- Page 38 ---
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 74 / 126
PAGE 75 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
Existing Shares traded from 26th October  2022 at 9:00 a.m. 
CET will be traded without pre-emptive rights, provided that 
the Existing Shares are traded with customary two-day 
settlement.
The temporary units have been approved for trading and of-
ficial listing on Spotlight to the effect that they can be traded 
on Spotlight during the period 31st October 2022 up to and 
including 24th November 2022. The temporary units will be 
issued under the temporary ISIN code DK0061927183. Reg-
istration of the units with the Danish Business Authority will 
take place following completion of the Offer, expected to take 
place on 18th November 2022. 
As soon as possible after registration of the units, the tem-
porary ISIN code of the temporary units, DK0061927183, 
will be merged with the ISIN code of the Existing Shares 
DK0061410487 and existing warrants, and the temporary 
units will automatically be converted into New Shares and 
New Warrants, expected to take place on 25th November 
2022.
Payments and delivery of the pre-emptive 
rights
Upon exercise of the pre-emptive rights, the holder must 
pay an amount equal to the subscription price multiplied by 
the number of units subscribed for. Payment for the units 
shall be made in DKK and shall be made upon subscription 
against registration of the units in the transferee’s account 
with Euronext Securities no later than 18th November 2022 
at 5:00 p.m. CET. Holders of pre-emptive rights shall adhere 
to the account agreement with their own Danish custodian 
institution or other financial intermediary, through which they 
hold Existing Shares. Financial intermediaries through which 
a holder holds pre-emptive rights may require payment on an 
earlier date.
New warrants
One (1) New Warrant entitles to subscription of one (1) newly 
issued share in the Company during the exercise period 
16 May 2023 to and including 31 May 2023. The exercise 
price for the New Warrants will be 70 percent of the vol-
ume-weighted average price during the period of ten trading 
days up to, but not including the second trading day before 
the first day of the exercise period of the New Warrants. 
However, the exercise price for the New Warrants cannot be 
below the quota value, i.e., DKK 0.0375, or exceed DKK 1.20 
per share. The full set of terms applicable to the issue and 
exercise of the New Warrants and the related potential capital 
increase are set out in the new Schedule 6.6.1 of the Com-
pany’s Articles of Association, which can be found on: https://
www.dancann.com/investor-relations. 
If all New Warrants are exercised during this period, the 
Company will receive additional funds of approximately DKK 
1–34.2 million before issue costs. Assuming that the Issue of 
Units and that the attached free of charge New Warrants are 
used to the full, the Company´s share capital will increase by 
an additional DKK 1,067,560.65.
The warrant will be subject to trading from the time the con-
version of the temporary unit has taken place in VP Securities’ 
system up to and including 29th May 2023  and will be traded 
in DKK. The warrants have ISIN code DK0061927266.
Subscription period 
Subscription period of units will commence on31st October 
2022 at 9:00 a.m. CET and will close on 11th November 2022 
at 5:00 p.m. CET.
Reduction of subscription
Reduction of subscription is not applicable in connection with 
the Issue of Units. The subscription is binding.
Minimum and maximum subscription 
amounts
In connection with the Offer, the minimum number of units 
that a holder of pre-emptive rights may subscribe for will be 
one (1) unit, requiring the exercise of six (6) pre-emptive rights 
and the payment of the subscription price. The number of 
units that a holder of pre-emptive rights may subscribe for is 
not capped. However, the number is limited to the number of 
units that may be subscribed for through the exercise of the 
pre-emptive rights held or acquired.
SUBSCRIPTION ABOVE EUR 15,000
If the subscription amounts to, or exceeds, EUR 15,000.00 a 
money laundering form shall be completed and sent to Nordic 
Issuing in accordance with the Swedish Act (2017:630) on 
measures against money laundering and terrorist financing. 
Please observe that Nordic Issuing cannot distribute any 
securities, even if payment have been received, before the 
money laundering form has been received by Nordic Issuing.
Subscription for remaining units
The general public and Existing Shareholders can subscribe 
for any remaining units. Existing Shareholders have preferen-
tial rights to subscribe for remaining units. The general public 
will not subscribe for remaining units by exercising unexer-
cised pre-emptive rights (which will have lapsed). Such re-
maining units will be subscribed for at the subscription price. 
Subscription shall be made on a subscription form, which is 
available on the Company’s website. The subscription shall 
be filled out and submitted to the account holders own bank 
according to their respective instructions.
In case of oversubscription of remaining units in connection 
with the Offer, such remaining units will be allocated ac-
cording to apportionment keys determined by the Board of 
Directors. 
If the subscriptions for remaining units do not exceed the 
number of remaining units, the Company will issue the num-
ber of remaining units subscribed for.
Payments and delivery for remaining units
Upon subscription of the Remaining Units, the holder must 
pay an amount equal to the subscription price multiplied by 
the number of units allocated. Payment for remaining units 
will be made via a delivery versus payment transfer through 
the subscriber’s own bank and will be withdrawn from the 
account by the subscribers own account holding bank or 
broker. 
Announcements of the results of the offer
The results of the Offer will be communicated in a company 
announcement expected to be published through Spotlight 
no later than three trading days after the expiry of the sub-
scription period and therefore expected to be announced on 
16th November 2022.
Withdrawal or suspension of the offer
The Offer may be withdrawn by the Company subject to 
certain conditions before registration of the capital increase 
relating to the units with the Danish Business Authority. If 
the Offer is withdrawn, any exercise of pre-emptive rights 
that has already taken place will be cancelled automatical-
ly. The subscription amount for the units will be refunded 
(less any transaction costs) to the last registered owner of 
the temporary units as at the date of such withdrawal. All 
pre-emptive rights will lapse, and no units will be issued. 
Trades of pre-emptive rights executed during the rights 
trading period will, however, not be affected. Consequently, 
investors who have acquired pre-emptive rights will incur a 
loss corresponding to the purchase price of the pre-emptive 
rights and any transaction costs. Trades in Existing Shares 
and temporary units will also not be affected if the Offer does 
not complete, and shareholders and investors that have 
acquired temporary units will receive a refund of the sub-
scription amount for the units (less any transaction costs). 
As a result, shareholders and investors that have acquired 
temporary units will incur a loss corresponding to the differ-
ence between the purchase price of the temporary units and 
the subscription price paid for the units and any transaction 
costs.
The Company is entitled to withdraw the Offer (a) if the Com-
pany decides not to pursue with the Offer, (b) the admission 
is withdrawn by Spotlight, (c) the registration of the New 
Shares is refused by the Danish Business Authority. 
The Company is not liable for any losses that investors may 
suffer as a result of withdrawal of the Offer including but not 
limited to, any transaction costs or lost interest. A withdrawal 
of the Offer will be announced as a company announcement 
through a press release.
The Company is not authorized to close the Offer on an earli-
er date than the last subscription date.

--- Page 39 ---
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 76 / 126
PAGE 77 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
Procedure for the exercise of and trading in 
pre-emptive rights
The pre-emptive rights have been approved for trad-
ing and official listing on Spotlight under the ISIN code 
DK0061926961 and will be traded in the ISIN code under the 
symbol “DANCAN TR”. Holders of pre-emptive rights wishing 
to subscribe for units must do so through their own custodi-
an institution, in accordance with the rules of such institution. 
The deadline for notification of exercise depends on the hold-
er’s agreement with, and the rules and procedures of, the rel-
evant custodian institution or other financial intermediary and 
may be earlier than the end of the subscription period. Once a 
holder has exercised its pre-emptive rights, the exercise may 
not be revoked or modified. During the rights trading period, 
holders of pre-emptive rights who do not wish to exercise 
their pre-emptive rights to subscribe for units may sell their 
pre-emptive rights on Spotlight, and a purchaser may use the 
acquired pre-emptive rights to subscribe for units. Holders 
wishing to sell their pre-emptive rights should instruct their 
custodian institution or other financial intermediary accord-
ingly. Any holders of pre-emptive rights that exercise any of 
their pre-emptive rights shall be deemed to have represented 
that they have complied with all applicable laws. Custodian 
banks exercising pre-emptive rights on behalf of beneficial 
holders shall be deemed to have represented that they have 
complied with the offering procedures set forth in this Pro-
spectus.
Upon exercise of pre-emptive rights and payment of the sub-
scription price, the temporary units will be delivered through 
Euronext Securities by being recorded on subscribers for 
units accounts with Euronext Securities. The temporary units 
will be issued under a temporary ISIN code DK0061927183. 
The temporary units will be admitted to trading and official 
listing on Spotlight. The temporary units are registered in 
Euronext Securities for the subscription of the units. Upon 
expiry of the subscription period, any pre-emptive rights not 
exercised will lapse without value, and the holders of lapsed 
pre-emptive rights will not be entitled to any compensation.
Jurisdictions in which the offer will be an-
nounced and restrictions applicable to the 
offer
The distribution of this Prospectus and the Offer is restricted 
by law in certain jurisdictions, and this Prospectus may not 
be used for the purpose of, or in connection with, any offer or 
solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer 
or solicitation is not authorized or to any person to whom it is 
unlawful to make such offer or solicitation.
Due to restrictions in applicable law in the United States, 
Canada, Australia, Hong Kong, Singapore, South Africa, Russia, 
Belarus, Switzerland, New Zealand, Japan, or other countries 
where participation requires further prospectuses, registra-
tions, or actions other than those under Swedish and Danish 
law, the offer to subscribe for units is not directed at persons 
or others with registered address in any of these countries.
Withdrawal of applications of subscription
Instructions to exercise pre-emptive rights or subscriptions 
of remaining units related to the units are irrevocable.
Plan of distribution and allotment and ­process 
for notifying applicants
There is no pre-allotment of units. The units may be sub-
scribed for by the Existing Shareholders of the Company 
according to the pre-emptive rights allocated. Units which 
have not been subscribed for by the Existing Shareholders 
before the expiry of the subscription period will be allocated 
to subscriptions made by the general public. The subscribers 
will be notified the number of units allotted, by their own bank.
Subscription price and amount of any 
­expenses and taxes charged
The units are offered at the subscription price of DKK 6.00 per 
unit (excluding fees, if any, from the investor’s own custodian 
bank or brokers). The amount of any expenses and taxes the 
investor can be charged is in accordance with current legisla-
tion, including any applicable double taxation agreements.
Completion of the offer
The Offer will only be completed if and when the units sub-
scribed for are issued by the Company upon registration with 
the Danish Business Authority, which is expected to take 
place around 18th November 2022. A company announce-
ment concerning the results of the Offer is expected to be 
disclosed no later than on 16th November2022.
Dilution
As per the Prospectus Date, the Company’s registered share 
capital had a nominal value of DKK 1,067,560.8375 divided 
into 28,468,289 Existing Shares with a nominal value of DKK 
0.037500. All Existing Shares are issued and fully paid up, and 
each Existing Share represents 1 vote. Upon issue of the units, 
the percentage of ownership of the Existing Shareholders 
may be reduced. If the Existing Shareholders refrain from 
exercising pre-emptive rights allocated to them in connec-
tion with the Offer, each Existing Shareholder’s ownership 
will be diluted by approximately 62.50 percent. If the Exist-
ing Shareholders elect to partly exercise the pre-emptive 
rights allocated to them, the rate of dilution will be between 
0 to 62.5 percent depending on the exercise. If the Existing 
Shareholders exercise their pre-emptive rights in full, they will 
not be diluted.
Pre-subscription commitments and 
­guarantee commitments
DanCann Pharma has, in August 2022, received pre-sub-
scription commitments and guarantee commitments 
of approximately DKK 21.9 million, which corresponds to 
approximately 77 percent of the initial issue volume, of which 
approximately DKK 2.3 million is made up of pre-subscription 
commitments and approximately DKK 19.6 million are made 
up of guarantee commitments.
The parties that have entered into pre-subscription commit-
ments and guarantee commitments are listed in the tables 
below. 
All parties that have entered subscription commitments or 
guarantee commitments can be reached via the Company’s 
address.

--- Page 40 ---
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 78 / 126
PAGE 79 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
Pre-subscription commitments
All subscription commitments were agreed to in writing 
in August 2022. The subscription commitments have not 
been secured via a pre-transaction, bank guarantee, or the 
Name
Corporate regis-
tration number
Address
Subscription commit-
ment (DKK)
% of the 
Issue
Jeppe Krog Rasmussen indi-
rectly through Xignotus Capital 
ApS
40235132
Smaragdvej, Vejle 
7100, Denmark
100,002
0.35
Christian Carlsen indirectly 
through Carlsen Holdin ApS
39545578
Margrethehol-
msvej 37, 1432 
Copenhagen, 
Denmark
250,002
0.88
Tue Østergaard
Rugvænget 5, 
6823 Ansager, 
Denmark
500,004
1.76
Carsten Trads indirectly through 
C-Plus Consult
37277835
Grydergade 4, 
6800 Varde, Den-
mark
100,002
0.35
Magnus Dahlmann
Rugvænget 5, 
6823 Ansager, 
Denmark
50,004
0.18
Per Wester
50,004
0.18
Louise Conradsen, indirectly 
through L Conradsen Holding 
ApS
38440810
Langelinie 4, 5230 
Odense, Denmark
200,004
0.7
Sarah Mai Lykke-Kjeldsen
Rugvænget 5, 
6823 Ansager, 
Denmark
25,002
0.09
Daniel Skovsbo Erichsen
Rugvænget 5, 
6823 Ansager, 
Denmark
25,002
0.09
JSJ Holding København ApS
Skovbogaards 
Alle 6, 2500 Vallby, 
Denmark
1,000,002
3.51
Total:
2,300,028
8.08
like. However, if the subscriber fails to fulfil the subscription 
commitment, the subscriber must pay a fine to the Company 
amounting to 100 percent of the subscription commitment. 
The parties that have submitted subscription commitments 
are presented below.
Guarantee commitments
There are two different types of guarantee commitments 
called bottom guarantees and top guarantees respective-
ly. Further information on the commitments can be found 
below. 
The guarantee commitments entail the right to compensa-
tion of 12 or 15 percent of the guaranteed amount. The guar-
antee compensation for the guarantees provided amounts to 
a total of approximately DKK 2.4 million. All guarantee com-
mitments were entered into in August 2022.
The guarantee commitments have not been secured via 
a pre-transaction, bank guarantee, or the like. However, if 
the guarantor fails to fulfil the guarantee commitment, the 
guarantor must pay a fine to the Company amounting to 100 
percent of the guaranteed amount.
The parties who have entered into guarantee commitments 
are listed in the tables below, of which the guarantors who 
undertook to subscribe for more than two (2) percent of the 
Offer is specified by name and scope. Other commitments 
are stated jointly.
Guarantee commitments – bottom guaran-
tees
In case the Issue of Units is subscribed for less than 70 per-
cent, each guarantor below has committed to subscribe for 
units for a maximum of the guaranteed amount specified in 
the table below. The guarantee commitments entail the right 
to compensation of 12 percent of the guaranteed amount. 
Name
Corporate 
registration 
number
Address
Guarantee (DKK)
% of the 
Issue
JSJ Holding København ApS
31159393
Skovbogaards 
Alle 6, 2500 Valby
2,000,004
7.03
Ylber Rexhepi
Rugvænget 5, 
6823 Ansager, 
Denmark
1,040,004
3.65
Alexander Fällström
Rugvænget 5, 
6823 Ansager, 
Denmark
1,037,658
3.64
Bernhard Von Der Ostersacken
Rugvænget 5, 
6823 Ansager, 
Denmark
1,000,002
3.51
Charlotta Kinnander
Rugvænget 5, 
6823 Ansager, 
Denmark
1,000,002
3.51
Daniel Frändberg
Rugvænget 5, 
6823 Ansager, 
Denmark
700,002
2.46
Other (32 persons)
Rugvænget 5, 
6823 Ansager, 
Denmark
11,550,108
40.57
Total:
17,627,778
61.92

--- Page 41 ---
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 80 / 126
PAGE 81 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
Guarantee commitments – top guarantees
In case the Issue of Units is subscribed for less than 77 per-
cent, each guarantor has committed to subscribe for units for 
a maximum of the guaranteed amount specified in the table 
below. The guarantee commitments entail the right to com-
pensation of 15 percent of the guaranteed amount.
Name
Corporate regis-
tration number
Address
Issue guarantee 
(DKK)
% of the Issue of 
Units
Modelio Equity AB
559078-4848
Ingmar Berg-
mans gata 2, 114 
34, Stockholm, 
Sweden
1,400,004
4.92
Gerhard Dal
Rugvænget 5, 
6823 Ansager, 
Denmark
600,000
2.11
Total:
2,000,004
7.03
Right to dividend
The New Shares entitle the shareholder to a dividend the first 
time after the new Issue of Units has been registered with 
the Danish Business Authority. Any dividends are paid in DKK 
and are decided at the Annual General Meeting. The payment 
is provided by VP or for nominee registered holdings in accor-
dance with the respective trustee’s routines. The dividend is 
paid to the person who on the record day of the shareholders’ 
meeting was registered as a shareholder in the share register 
held by the VP.
Shareholder’s rights
Shareholders’ rights regarding the distribution of profits, 
voting rights, pre-emption rights for a subscription of shares, 
etc. are governed by the Company’s Articles of Association, 
which are available through the Company’s website as well 
as by the Danish Companies Act.
Applicable law
The New Shares and the New Warrants are subject to the 
Danish Companies Act (Selskabsloven) (equivalent to the 
Swedish Companies Act) and governed by Danish law. How-
ever, under Swedish law, the Company is entitled, in relevant 
respects, directly attributable to Spotlight’s listing agreement 
and Swedish stock exchange regulations.
Shareholder’s register
The Company is a VP-based affiliated company. The Com-
pany’s share register with information about shareholders is 
handled and accounted for by VP Securities A/S, Weideka-
mpsgade 14, 2300 København S, Denmark.
Shareholder’s report obligation
All shareholders in the Company must comply with the 
reporting rules to the Danish “Public Ownership Register”. The 
registration of holdings shall be made to the Company within 
14 days after the registration obligation has been actualized 
(when the holding amounts to or exceeds five percent in the 
Company and/or passes some other thresholds).
Tax registration for danish subscribers 
Purchase of units in the Company in connection with the list-
ing are not automatically reported to the Danish tax authori-
ties. A Danish investor must actively report its subscription of 
units to the Danish tax authorities.
Additional information 
All shares and warrants that are offered through this new Is-
sue of Units will be newly issued. There are no natural or legal 
persons offering to sell or loan shares or warrants in this new 
Issue of Units.
Financial adviser and issuing agent 
Corpura acts as financial adviser in connection with the rights 
issue, Nordic Issuing provides issuing services to DanCann 
Pharma, and Euronext Securities A/S is the Company’s 
issuing agent. The parties can be reached at the following 
addresses.
Corpura Fondkommission
Artillerigatan 42
114 45 Stockholm
Sweden	
Nordic Issuing
Stortorget 3
211 22 Malmö
Sweden
Euronext Securities
Nicolai Eigtveds Gade 8
1402 Copenhagen
Denmark

--- Page 42 ---
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 82 / 126
PAGE 83 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
Board of directors
According to clause 10.1 of DanCann Pharma’s Articles of 
Association, the Board of Directors shall consist of at least 
three (3) and no more than eight (8) members elected by the 
General Meeting. As of the date of this Prospectus, the Board 
of Directors consists of five (5) members elected by the 
Annual General Meeting held on 27 April 2022 for the period 
until the end of the next Annual General Meeting. All members 
of the Board of Directors may be contacted at the Company’s 
address Rugvænget 5, 6823 Ansager, Denmark. The table 
below contains information about the members of the Board 
of Directors, their year of birth, each member’s position, the 
year they were elected as board members for the first time, 
and whether they are independent to the Company and its 
executive management, and Major Shareholders. The table 
is followed by individual information regarding each board 
member as well as their shareholdings and potential warrants 
of the incentive program in the Company as of the date of 
this Prospectus.
CORPORATE 
­GOVERNANCE
Name
Year of 
birth
Position
Member of 
the Board 
since
The Company 
and its executive 
­management
Major 
share­
holders
Carsten Trads
1955
Chairman
2020
Yes
Yes
Christian Carlsen
1984
Vice-chairman
2021
No
Yes
Tue Østergaard
1971
Member
2022
Yes
Yes
Jeppe Krog Rasmussen
1995
Member
2022
No
No
Alexander Schoeneck
1983
Member
2022
Yes
Yes

--- Page 43 ---
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 84 / 126
PAGE 85 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
Carsten Trads
Born 1955. Chairman since 2022 and board member since 
2020.
Carsten Trads holds a Master of Science from Copenhagen 
Business School, complemented by management training 
from INSEAD and Harvard Business School. Carsten Trads 
has more than 30 years international experience within sales, 
marketing, operations, strategic planning and general man-
agement. Executive positions in companies such as Bang & 
Olufsen A/S, GN ReSound A/S and Plantronics Inc. From 2015 
he has been the CEO and owner of C-Plus Consult, assisting 
smaller business start-ups. Carsten Trads has previously 
been chairman of the Board of Directors of Vestmedia A/S as 
well as board member of Brainreader A/S and Profil Optik A/S.
Other ongoing assignments: Founder and Chief Executive 
Officer of C-Plus Consult.
Shareholding in the Company: 75,631 shares through a 
wholly owned company.
Warrants: 75,000 warrants issued on 28 April 2021.
Christian Carlsen
Born 1984. Vice-chairman since 2021.
Christian Carlsen holds an executive Master of Business Ad-
ministration from Henley Business School and have attended 
the Executive Board Programme and the Advance Board Pro-
gramme at INSEAD. Christian Carlsen has previously worked 
for companies such as Bavarian Nordic A/S, Labflex A/S 
and Novo Nordisk Engineering A/S (NNE). At NNE Christian 
Carlsen led several strategic projects and activities, including 
leading an initiative to establish a corporate venture business 
and establishing a unit with a focus on business model inno-
vation, venture incubation and partnerships. Christian has a 
long track record of starting, developing and transforming life 
science and tech companies both in a start-up and corporate 
environment.
Other ongoing assignments: Chairman of the Board of 
Directors of QNTM Ventures ApS, QNTM Labs ApS, ProSave 
ApS, and Knowledge Gate Group ApS. Member of the Board 
of Directors of Høyrup & Clemmensen A/S, Fibona Accus-
tics ApS, TeamsToWork ApS, and Techvolver ApS. Managing 
Partner of Volvér ApS.
Shareholding in the Company: 37,500 shares.
Warrants: 75,000 warrants issued on 28 April 2021.
Tue Østergaard
Born 1977. Board member since 2022.
Tue Østergaard is an experienced investment profile, who 
is CEO of the fast-growing HC Andersen Capital. He has 
engaged himself as an investor, founder, advisor, mentor and 
board member in a number of companies. With his many 
years of experience in executive leadership and board mem-
bership roles in companies such as HC Andersen Capital, 
Green Mobility A/S, ABG Sundal Collier and Nordea, Tue 
Østergaard has the expertise needed to contribute to the 
further development of DanCann Pharma’s business.
Other ongoing assignments: Chairman of the Board of 
Directors of GreenMobility A/S and Solitwork A/S. Member of 
the Board of Directors of Curo Capital Fondsmæglerselskab 
A/S. Chief Executive Officer at HC Andersen Capital.
Shareholding in the Company: None.
Warrants: 75,000 warrants issued on 27 April 2022 (ii).
Jeppe Krog Rasmussen
Born 1995. Board member since 2022.
Jeppe Krog Rasmussen, founder and CEO at DanCann Phar-
ma since its formation in 2018. Jeppe Krog Rasmussen has 
been a part of the whole DanCann Pharma journey since its 
beginning back in March 2018, when he founded the Com-
pany. Jeppe Krog Rasmussen was previously a member of 
the Board of Directors of DanCann Pharma during the years 
2020–2022 (April) and re-elected in September 2022. Jeppe 
Krog Rasmussen is responsible for the strategic direction and 
operational execution of all processes relevant to DanCann 
Pharma. Jeppe Krog Rasmussen is a serial entrepreneur with 
strong experience from starting and building companies as 
well as working and investing in complex industries such as 
Biotech, Pharma, Medtech and the Tech industry, with spe-
cialties within corporate finance, investor relations, marketing, 
strategy, and business development. In addition to DanCann 
Pharma Jeppe Krog Rasmussen runs his investment compa-
ny, XIGNOTUS CAPITAL ApS, where he manages his invest-
ment portfolio.
Other ongoing assignments: Chairman of the Board of Di-
rectors in FOOTBALL CLUB MUNKEBJERG ApS and member 
of the Board of Directors in Foreningen af Børsnoterede Væk-
stvirkomheder (FBV). Chief Executive Officer at XIGNOTUS 
CAPITAL ApS.
Shareholding in the Company: 5,747,023 shares through a 
wholly owned company.
Warrants: 254,286 warrants issued on 6 April 2021.

--- Page 44 ---
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 86 / 126
PAGE 87 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
Alexander Schoeneck
Born 1983. Board member since 2022.
Alexander Schoeneck has been a part of DanCann Pharma’s 
journey from the beginning and has always worked as an ad-
visor to and for the founder, CEO and member of the Board of 
Directors Jeppe Krog Rasmussen. Alexander Schoeneck has 
great experience when it comes to the financial markets, cor-
porate finance, and investor relations. Alexander Schoeneck 
has for the past seven years worked as a full-time profes-
sional investor with focus on growth companies.
Other ongoing assignments: Member of the Board of Di-
rectors and CEO of JJV Invest AB. Chairman of the Board of 
Directors of ELLWEE EV AB, JEQ Capital AB, and JEQ Capital 
Holding AB. Member of the Board of Directors of ELLWEE AB 
(publ), ELLWEE Distribution AB, Corpura Fondkommission AB, 
Corpura Holding AB, BA Camping Holding AB, Glassaparken 
AB, and AB MAvatar. Deputy director of the Board of Directors 
of Campingstugan Invest AB, Black Lion Media Group AB, and 
BESC Invest AB.
Shareholding in the Company: Alexander Schoeneck has no 
shareholding in the Company.
Warrants: Alexander Schoeneck has no warrants in the 
Company.
Executive management 
According to clause 10.9 of DanCann Pharma’s Articles of As-
sociation, the executive management shall consist of at least 
one (1) and no more than eight (8) persons. As of the date of 
this Prospectus, the executive management in the Compa-
ny consists of three (3) persons appointed by the Board of 
Directors. All persons discharging managerial responsibilities 
in DanCann Pharma may be contacted at the Company’s 
address, Rugvænget 5, 6823 Ansager, Denmark. The table 
below contains information about the executive manage-
ment of DanCann Pharma, their year of birth, current position, 
and the year the person became a member of the executive 
management. The table is followed by individual information 
regarding each person as well as their shareholdings and 
potential stock options in the Company as of the date of this 
Prospectus.
Name
Year of 
birth
Position
Member of ­executive 
management since
Jeppe Krog Rasmussen
1995
Chief Executive Officer (CEO)
2018
Martin Vedel Ernst
1991
Chief Financial Officer (CFO)
2022
Sarah Mai Lykke-Kjeldsen
1987
Chief Operating Officer (COO)
2022
Louise Conradsen
1978
Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Can-
nGros 
2022

--- Page 45 ---
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 88 / 126
PAGE 89 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
Jeppe Krog Rasmussen
Born 1995. Chief Executive Officer (CEO) since 2018.
Jeppe Krog Rasmussen is also a member of the Board of 
Directors of DanCann Pharma and the presentation of Jeppe 
Krog Rasmussen can be found in the section “Board of Direc-
tors” above.
Martin Vedel Ernst
Born 1991. Chief Financial Officer (CFO) since 2022.
Martin Vedel Ernst works for DanCann Pharma as consultant 
through Atlab A/S.
Martin Vedel Ernst has a Master of Science in business eco-
nomics and auditing from Copenhagen Business School. His 
contribution to the executive management team will benefit 
from enhanced business experiences from executive posi-
tions at Deloitte and as Group Financial Controller at Vestas 
Wind Systems A/S.
Other ongoing assignments: Martin Vedel Ernst is senior 
manager of Atlab A/S. Martin Vedel Ernst is also finance con-
sultant to Orphazyme A/S.
Shareholding in the Company: Martin Vedel Ernst has no 
shareholding in the Company.
Warrants: Martin Vedel Ernst has no warrants in the Compa-
ny.
Sarah Mai Lykke-Kjeldsen
Born 1987. Chief Operating Officer (COO) since 2022.
Sarah Mai Lykke-Kjeldsen has a Master of Science in Eco-
nomics and Business Administration from the University of 
Southern Denmark in Kolding and has her strengths in areas 
such as management/ change management, organizational 
development, and project management. She has a broad 
management experience from positions as Business Devel-
opment Lead at Education Esbjerg and as head of various 
departments at Norlys.
Other ongoing assignments: Sarah Mai Lykke-Kjeldsen has 
no other ongoing assignments.
Shareholding in the Company: Sarah Mai Lykke-Kjeldsen 
has no shareholding in the Company.
Warrants: 254,287 warrants issued on 27 April 2022 (i).
Louise Conradsen
Born 1978. Chief Executive Officer (CEO) in CannGros since 
2022.
Louise Conradsen has a Mini-Master of Business Adminis-
tration in leadership and management, and has a Certificate 
in Business Administration (CBA) from Probana Business 
School. She has also study management and leadership. 
Louise Conradsen has more than eighteen years of experi-
ence from the pharmaceuticals industry. She has previously 
worked as, among other things, vice president for purchase 
and portfolio as well as vice president for purchase and sup-
ply chain at Abacus Medicine.
Other ongoing assignments: Louise Conradsen has no other 
ongoing assignments.
Shareholding in the Company: Louise Conradsen has no 
shareholding in the Company.
Warrants: 254,287 warrants issued on 27 April 2022 (i).

--- Page 46 ---
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 90 / 126
PAGE 91 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
Additional information about the board of 
­directors and the executive management
All members of the Board of Directors are elected until the 
following Annual General Meeting. Members of the Board of 
Directors may resign from their position at any time. Mean-
while the executive management is appointed by the Board 
of Directors. The executive management is in charge of the 
day-to-day management of the Company and must follow 
the guidelines and directions of the Board of Directors. The 
Company is not obligated to follow the Danish or the Swed-
ish Code of Corporate Governance and has not voluntarily 
pledged to follow this.
No member of the Board of Directors or the executive man-
agement has, during the past five years, been convicted in 
any fraud-related case, nor been subject to any prohibition of 
engaging in commercial activities. There exist no sanctions 
or allegations from the competent authorities (including 
approved professional bodies) against these persons and no 
member of the Board of Directors or the executive manage-
ment has, in the past five years, been disqualified by a court 
from holding a position on an administrative, management 
or supervisory body or from holding an executive or senior 
position at a company. In addition to what is stated below, no 
member of the Board of Directors or the executive manage-
ment has, during the past five years, been declared bankrupt 
or in liquidation, nor been involved in any bankruptcy or man-
datory liquidation proceedings concerning companies they 
have represented in the past five years.
Christian Carlsen was member of the Board of Directors of 
Constructa Roskilde A/S, Constructa Denmark A/S, Con-
structa Silkeborg A/S, and CUD A/S, all related companies 
in the same structure, between the years 2021–2022. The 
companies were declared bankrupt on 25 May 2022 and 
as the date of the Prospectus the bankruptcy has not been 
finalized. At the time when the companies were declared 
bankrupt Christian Carlsen was member of the Board of 
Directors.
Furthermore, there are no family ties between any of the 
members of the Board of Directors or executive manage-
ment. No member of the Board of Directors or executive 
management has any conflicts of interest in which private 
interests would conflict with the Company’s interests. 
Further, no member of the Board of Directors or the execu-
tive management has entered into any agreement with the 
Company that would entitle to post-employment benefits, 
other than what is outlined in this Prospectus. However, 
certain members of the Board of Directors and the executive 
management have financial interests in the Company due to 
them holding shares.
Name
Basic salary
Board fee
Variable remunera-
tion
Pension costs
Carsten Trads
–
130,000
–
–
Christian Carlsen
–
65,000
–
–
Tue Østergaard20
–
–
–
–
Jeppe Krog Rasmussen
772,837
31,875
60,000
98,400
Alexander Schoeneck21 
–
–
–
–
Martin Vedel Ernst22 
–
–
–
–
Sarah Mai Lykke-Kjeldsen23
–
–
–
–
Louise Conradsen24 
–
–
–
–
Total:
772,837
356,875
60,000
98,400
20 Tue Østergaard did not receive any remuneration during the financial year 2021 since he was elected as a member of the Board of 
     Directors during the financial year 2022.
21 Alexander Schoeneck did not receive any remuneration during the financial year 2021 since he was elected as a member of the 
    Board of Directors during the financial year 2022.
22 Martin Vedel Ernst did not receive any remuneration during the financial year 2021 since he was hired as an executive of DanCann 
    Pharma during the financial year 2022.
23 Sarah Mai Lykke-Kjeldsen did not receive any remuneration during the financial year 2021 since she was hired as an executive of 
     DanCann Pharma during the financial year 2022.
24 Louise Conradsen did not receive any remuneration during the financial year 2021 since she was hired as an executive of DanCann 
    Pharma during the financial year 2022.

--- Page 47 ---
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 92 / 126
PAGE 93 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
Presentation of financial ­
information
DanCann Pharma is part of a group and has one fully owned 
subsidiary, CannGros. Therefore, the financial information of 
this Prospectus applies to the group. The financial overview 
presents accounts taken from the group’s audited annual 
reports for the last two years, 1st of January 2020 to 31st of 
December 2020 and 1st of January 2021 to 31st of Decem-
ber 2021, which are incorporated by reference. In addition, in-
formation is also included for the interim period 1st of January 
2021 to 30th of June 2021 and 1st of January 2022 to 30th of 
June 2022, which is unaudited and incorporated by reference.
The annual reports and the interim financial statements have 
been prepared following the Danish Financial Statements 
Act governing enterprises of reporting class C, medium-size 
enterprises. The Company’s as well as the group’s functional 
currency is DKK.
Herewith is an explanation of the accounting policies used, 
as well as a table of which notes are required for account-
ing class C, medium-size enterprises. The Danish Financial 
Statements Act has largely been prepared following the 
same accounting principles as IFRS. However, there are more 
lenient requirements for medium-sized companies.
Financial information incorporated ­
by reference
The information in this section should be read together with 
the Company’s audited annual financial reports for the period 
1st of January 2020 to 31st of December 2020 and 1st of 
January 2021 to 31st of December 2021, including notes, un-
audited interim financial reports for the period 1st of January 
2021 to 30th of June 2021 and 1st of January 2022 to 30th of 
June 2022, including notes, which has been incorporated in 
this Prospectus by reference (see section “Documents incor-
porated by reference”).
SELECTED FINANCIAL 
INFORMATION

--- Page 48 ---
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 94 / 126
PAGE 95 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
Income statement for the group
DKK 1.000
01/01/22 - 
30/06/22
01/01/21- 30/06/21
01/01/21- 31/12/21
01/01/20- 31/12/20
INCOME STATEMENT 
NET REVENUE
 2,037 
-
874
-
Raw materials and consumables used
 698 
648
-616
-
Own work, recognised under assets
-1,653 
-
1,431
1,995
Other external expenses
-5,102 
-3,557
-8,183
-4,830
GROSS LOSS
-4,020 
-2,909
-6,494
-2,835
Staff costs
-4,177 
-3,223
-7,124
-2,942
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment losses 
-1,107 
-230
-890
-94
OPERATING LOSS 
-9,304 
-6,362
-14,508
-5,871
Income from investments in subsidiaries
- 
-
-
-
Other financial income 
 821 
11
578
24
Other financial expenses 
-1,632 
-48
1,255
-140
LOSS BEFORE TAX 
-10,115 
-6,399
-15,185
-5,987
Tax on profit/loss for the year 
 2,295 
1,813
3,435
1,732
LOSS FOR THE YEAR 
-7,820 
-4,586
-11,750
-4,255
Balance sheet for the group
DKK 1,000
AT 30,06,22 
AT 30,06,21 
AT 31,12,21 
AT 31,12,20 
BALANCE SHEET  
Goodwill
 11,860 
12,497
-
Distribution rights
 821 
Development projects in progress and prepayments
 32,320 
23,995
28,954
15,683
Intangible assets
45,001
23,995
41,451
15,683
Other plant, machinery, tools and equipment 
 2,940 
2,377
3,038
1,756
Leasehold improvements 
 3,344 
3,012
3,210
270
Tangible fixed assets in progress and prepay, 
 3,346 
2,272
3,322
1,953
Tangible fixed assets 
 9,630 
7,661
9,570
3,979
Fixed assets 
 52,631 
31,656
51,021
19,662
Investments in subsidiaries
 - 
-
-
Rent deposit and other receivables
 322 
322
 322 
322
Financial non-current assets
322 
322
322 
322
NON-CURRENT ASSETS 
 54,953 
31,978
51,343
19,984
Raw materials and consumables
 10 
 10 
10
 10 
Finished good and doods for resale
 - 
 - 
25
 - 
Prepayments
 - 
-
236
-
Inventories 
10
10
271
10
Trade receivables
269
-
530
-
Other receivables
1,715
1,558
2,475
4,325
Corporation tax receivables
4,046
5,070
6,161
3,242
Deferred tax
 621 
-
Joint tax contribution receivable
 - 
-
-
-
Prepayments
 574 
464
478
658
Receivables 
 7,225 
7,092
9,644
8,225
Cash and cash equivalents 
 5,803 
5,798
7,736
21,332
CURRENT ASSETS 
 13,038 
12,899
17,651
29,567
ASSETS 
 67,991 
44,877
68,994
49,551
Share capital 
 1,068 
777
995
777
Share Premium account
32,320
18,716
22,584
12,234
Retained profit 
 20,998 
20,246
29,791
31,314
EQUITY 
 54,386 
39,739
53,370
44,325
Provision for deferred tax
1,352
974
1,337
PROVISION
 - 
1,352
974
1,337
Other non-current liabilities
    
-
24
NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
 - 
-
-
24
Lease liabilities
163
-
185
Trade payables 
 1,238 
2,044
2,915
2,821
Corporation tax payable
 338 
-
352
-
Other liabilities 
 12,029 
1,579
11,383
859
Current liabilities 
 13,605 
3,786
14,650
3,865
LIABILITIES
 13,605 
3,786
14,650
3,889
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
 67,991 
44,877
68,994
49,551

--- Page 49 ---
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 96 / 126
PAGE 97 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
Cash flow statement for the group
DKK 1,000
01/01/22 - 30/06/22
01/01/21 - 30/06/21
01/01/21 - 31/12/21
01/01/20 - 31/12/20
CASH FLOW STATEMENT  
Profit/loss for the year 
-7,820 
-4,586
-11,750
-4,255
Depreciation and amortisation, reversed 
 470 
230
890
94
Profit/loss from subsidiaries
 637 
-
-
-
Cash from purchase, Canngros ApS
277
-
Net equity purchase, Canngros ApS
-237
-
Tax profit/loss, reversed
-2,295 
-1,813
-3,435
-1,732
Corporation tax received
 2,801 
206
-
Change in inventories
 269 
-36
-10
Change in receivables
 918 
3,123
1,780
-4,866
Change in current liabilities 
-1,744 
240
344
3,083
Other cash flows from operating activities
 - 
-24
24
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITY 
-6,764 
-3,286
-11,985
-7,662
Purchase of intangible assets 
-4,188 
-8,312
-26,033
-14,735
Purchase of property, plant and equipment
-529 
-3,911
-6,370
-4,015
Sale of property, plant and equipment
155
-
Purchase of financial assets 
-
-332
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITY 
-4,717 
-12,223
-32,248
-19,072
Loan from majority owner 
-
-549
Increase loans 
 714 
10,027
-955
Increase leasing debt
-23
-185
185
Other capital items – capital raising costs 
-465 
-668
-4,669
Share capital payments 
 9,299 
21,463
53,875
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 
 9,548 
23
30,637
47,887
CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 
-1,933 
-15,532
-13,596
21,332
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning 
 7,736 
21,330
21,322
179
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END
 5,803 
5,798
7,736
21,332
Specification of cash and cash equivalents at 30.06
Cash and cash equivalents 
 5,803 
5,798
7,736
21,332
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, NET DEBT 
 5,803 
5,798
7,736
21,332
We are not afraid of setting 
bold targets for our purpose, 
and we want our brand to 
deliver on our grand ambitions 
for ourselves and the world 
around us.
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 97 / 126
OCTOBER 2022

--- Page 50 ---
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 98 / 126
PAGE 99 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
Working capital
According to the Company’s assessment, the existing 
working capital intended to finance the 12- month develop-
ment of the operations and the Company’s growth plan is not 
sufficient for the current needs as of the Prospectus Date. 
The deficit amounts to approximately DKK 15 million. Work-
ing capital requirements are expected to arise in December 
2022. To provide the Company with working capital, Dan-
Cann Pharma is carrying out an Issue of Units, which can 
provide the Company with a maximum of DKK 28.5 million 
(after compensation to bridge financiers and issue costs but 
including bridge financing of approximately DKK 15.2 million). 
In the event that the forthcoming Offer is fully subscribed, the 
Company assesses that the proceeds will finance DanCann 
Pharma’s growth plan until December 2023.
If all warrants of the New Warrants are to be exercised, an 
additional approximately DKK 1–34.2 million (before transac-
tion-related costs of approximately DKK 0.2–1.9 million) can 
be provided to the Company. The proceeds from the New 
Warrants series are dependent on the fact if these are in the 
money at the point of execution. In other words, if the share 
price during the period trades at a lower value than the strike 
price for the New Warrants, the New Warrants will not be 
expected to generate any sufficient funds for the Company. 
Thus, any future proceeds from the New Warrants exercise 
are not guaranteed.
In order to raise sufficient working capital to be able to run 
its operations at a desirable pace for at least twelve months 
ahead, it is required that the Company is provided with at 
least approximately DKK 12 million through the Initial issue 
of Units described in this Prospectus. DanCann Pharma has 
as of the Prospectus date, secured a total of approximately 
DKK 21.9 million (before transaction-related costs) through 
pre-subscription commitments and guarantee commit-
ments, which corresponds to approximately 77 percent 
of the initial issue volume and therefore securing enough 
working capital beyond the upcoming 12-months. If the 
Company does not raise the above-mentioned capital after 
financing issue costs, the Company will investigate alterna-
tive financing options such as additional capital raising, grants, 
or financing together with one or more partners or conduct 
the business at a lower rate than expected, until additional 
capital can be raised. In the long run, there is a risk that, if all 
financing opportunities and sales fail, the Company will file for 
bankruptcy.
COMMENTS TO THE 
FINANCIAL DEVELOPMENT

--- Page 51 ---
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 100 / 126
PAGE 101 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
Future capital requirements
In the event that the Issue of Units is fully subscribed, it is 
the Company’s assessment that the proceeds will finance 
DanCann Pharma’s growth plan until the Company has suffi-
cient cash flow to sustain its continuous investments, which 
is estimated to occur during 2023 assuming the underlaying 
expectations. If the result of the forthcoming Issue of Units 
ends in the low range, i.e., the Company is only provided the 
minimum limit of DKK 21.8 million (before issue costs), Dan-
Cann Pharma may roll out the business plan and the contin-
ued development and growth at a lower pace to stretch the 
financial resources and/or adjust its business model in order 
to reduce Group costs.
Employees
As of the date of this Prospectus, the number of employees in 
DanCann Pharma was fifteen (15).
Auditing of financial information
Notes to the financial statements can be found in the audited 
financial statements for the financial periods 1st of January 
2021 – 31st of December 2021 and 1st of January 2020 – 
31st of December 2020, which have been incorporated into 
the Prospectus by reference, see page 5 (section “Docu-
ments incorporated by reference”).
The annual reports have been audited by the Company’s au-
ditor, Deloitte Statsautoriseret Revisionsaktieselskab, without 
negative observations or comments. Unless otherwise stat-
ed, no other information in the Prospectus has been audited 
or reviewed by DanCann Pharma’s auditor.
Significant changes in financial position
Since 30 June 2022, being the latest balance date financials 
prepared in this Prospectus, no significant change has oc-
curred in DanCann Pharma’s financial position.
Dividend policy
The Company does not have a dividend policy. The Board 
of Directors currently intends to use its available financial 
resources and free cash flow to invest in the further devel-
opment of the business including product development and 
business development. As a consequence, the Board of Di-
rectors does not expect to declare dividends for the financial 
years 2022 and 2023. 
Any future dividends, and the amount of such, are depen-
dent on, among other things, the Company’s future earnings, 
financial condition, working capital requirements and liquidity. 
Dividends are decided by the Annual General Meeting based 
on a proposal from the Board of Directors. 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 101 / 126
OCTOBER 2022

--- Page 52 ---
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 102 / 126
PAGE 103 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
SHARE INFORMATION
As if 1 January 2021, the share capital in the Company 
amounted to DKK 777.405 divided among 20,730,800 
shares, and at the end of the financial year 2021, the Com-
pany’s share capital amounted to DKK 995,663.1750 divided 
among 26,551,018 shares. As of the date of this Prospectus, 
the Company’s registered share capital amounts to DKK 
1,067,560.8375 divided among 28,468,289 shares. There is 
only one class of shares, and the nominal value of each share 
is DKK 0.0375. According to DanCann Pharma’s Articles of 
Association, adopted by the Annual General Meeting on 27 
April 2022, the authorized share capital of the Company is 
DKK 1,067,560.8375 divided into 28,468,289 shares. DanCann 
Pharma’s shares have been issued according to Danish law 
and are denominated in DKK. The shares have been fully paid 
and are freely transferrable.
The imminent Issue of Units, upon registration and a sub-
scription of the maximum number of units in the Offer, will 
result in the Company’s share capital increasing from DKK 
1,067,560.8375 to DKK 2,846,828.5875 and the number of 
shares increasing from 28,468,289 shares to 76,915,429 
shares. The dilution after the initial Issue of Units (if it is fully 
subscribed) is approximately 62.5 percent. The dilution after 
exercise of the New Warrants (provided that all New Warrants 
are exercised) is approximately 27.27 percent. Provided that 
the Issue of Units is fully subscribed, and all New Warrants 
are exercised, the total dilution is approximately 73.1 percent.
OWNERSHIP STRUCTURE
The table below sets forth information about the sharehold-
ers of DanCann Pharma as of the date of this Prospectus. 
There is only one class of shares and each share carries one 
(1) vote at general meetings. As of the date of this Prospectus, 
the Board of Directors is not aware of any agreements that 
can change the control of the Company. Except for what is 
presented in the table below, there are no, according to the 
Company’s knowledge, natural or legal persons owning more 
than five (5) percent of the votes and capital.
LEGAL ISSUES, OWNER­SHIP 
STRUCTURE, AND ADDITIONAL 
INFORMATION
Part
Number of 
shares
Percentage 
of votes 
and capital 
(%)
Jeppe Krog Ras-
mussen (through 
Xignotus Capital 
ApS, a wholly 
owned company)
5,747,023
20.19
Total
5,757,023
20.19

--- Page 53 ---
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 104 / 126
PAGE 105 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
INTRESTS AND CONFLICT OF ­INTERESTS
Alexander Schoeneck, member of the Board of Directors of 
DanCann Pharma, is also a member of the Board of Directors 
of Corpura.
No member of the Board of Directors or executive manage-
ment has any private interests which might conflict with the 
Company’s interests. However, certain members of the Board 
of Directors and executive management have financial inter-
ests in DanCann Pharma because of their direct or indirect 
shareholdings in the Company, see section “Board of Direc-
tors and executive management” in this Prospectus.
SIGNIFICANT AGREEMENTS
In addition to the agreements described below, DanCann 
Pharma has not, with the exception of agreements that are 
part of the normal course of business, entered into any agree-
ment of major importance for a period of one year, immedi-
ately prior to the publication of this Prospectus.
Supply agreement with WEECO Pharma
DanCann Pharma entered into a supply agreement for the 
German market with WEECO Pharma GmbH (“WEECO Phar-
ma”) in august 2022. According to the agreement DanCann 
Pharma will sell and export flower products, with mainly focus 
on the Tetrahydrocannabinol genetics and candidates, while 
WEECP Pharma will purchase, import, package, market and 
distribute the products to the European medicinal cannabis 
marketplace. The agreement is non-exclusive for the prod-
ucts and is term for 36 months with a binding commitment of 
approximately DKK 40 million for the period, i.e., 2023 to 2025.
Letter of Intent with Aureum Pharma AB
DanCann Pharmas entered into a letter of intent with Aureum 
Pharma AB (“Aureum Pharma”) for exclusive rights over the 
Company’s products in Sweden in May 2022. The companies 
aims to enter into a binding supply and distribution agreement 
whereby DanCann Pharma will sell and export flower and 
granular products, while Aureum Pharma purchase, import, 
repackage, market and distribute the products to the Swed-
ish medical cannabis marketplace. The terms of the definitive 
agreement will be 36 months from the execution date of the 
agreement, with a minimum commitment of SEK 37 million. 
DanCann Pharma and Aureum Pharma will have mutual op-
tions to extend the agreement for 12 months per option.
OUTSTANDING WARRANTS AND 
­CONVERTIBLES
As of the date of the Prospectus, DanCann Pharma has four 
outstanding incentive programs in favour of members of 
the Board of Directors, key employees and/or employees 
with the aim of ensuring consistent incentives between the 
shareholders and the persons operating in the Company and 
which are described in more detail below under the section 
“Incentive program”. In addition to the following warrants, as 
of the date of the Prospectus, DanCann Pharma has no other 
outstanding warrants, convertibles, or similar financial instru-
ments that may entitle to subscribe for shares or otherwise 
affect the share capital in the Company.
Incentive programs
Warrants issued on 6 April 2021
In April 2021, the Board of Directors resolved, based on an 
authorization from the Extraordinary General Meeting in July 
2020, on an incentive warrant program. The Company has 
issued 1,017,147 warrants, but in September 2021 254,287 
issued warrants lapsed and in May 2022 254,287 warrants 
lapsed, and therefore, as of the end of May 2022, a total of 
508,573 warrants have been issued. Taking into account the 
number of issued warrants as of the end of May 2022, the 
share capital may increase by a maximum of nominally DKK 
19,071.4875 in the event of exercise of all issued warrants. 
When exercising all issued warrants, this means an issue of 
508,573 shares, the total number of shares thus amounting 
to 28,976,86225. This means a maximum dilution rate of ap-
proximately 1.76 percent in relation to the current sharehold-
ers’ holdings of the Company.
25 Without taking into account the number of shares that can be subscribed for with the other outstanding warrants.
The warrants have been issued to executive management 
and key employees of the Company. The issued warrants 
will be vested over a 3-year period as from the subscription 
date, which means that 1/3 is vested every year on 6 April 
during the vesting period. There are customary provisions 
that regulate the legal rights in case of an exit in the Company 
and in the event of termination of employment or position. 
In case of capital changes in the Company, the subscription 
price and/or the number of warrants shall be adjusted under 
certain conditions.
The warrant holders can subscribe for shares in the Compa-
ny at a subscription price of DKK 3.3327 and the warrants can 
be exercised during a four-year period from the subscription 
date. During the exercise period, vested warrants can be 
exercised twice every year in a three-week exercise win-
dow, starting on the date of the disclosure of the DanCann 
Pharma’s quarterly report Q1 and quarterly report Q3. Each 
warrant entitles the holder to subscribe for one (1) new share 
in the Company. As of the date of the Prospectus, none of the 
warrants have been exercised, which means there is 508,573 
outstanding warrants. For more information about holders of 
warrants, see the section “Board of Directors and executive 
management”.
Warrants issued on 28 April 2021
In April 2021, the Board of Directors resolved, based on an 
authorization from the Annual General Meeting in April 2021, 
on an incentive warrant program. The Company has issued 
300,000 warrants, which in the event of full subscription and 
exercise of all warrants may increase the share capital by a 
maximum of nominally DKK 11,250. When exercising all war-
rants, this means an issue of 300,000 shares, the total num-
ber of shares thus amounting to 28,768,28926. This means 
a maximum dilution rate of approximately 1.04 percent in rela-
tion to the current shareholders’ holdings of the Company.
The warrants have been issued to members of the Board of 
Directors of the Company. The issued warrants will be vested 
over a 3-year period as from the subscription date, which 
means that 1/3 is vested every year on the day before the 
Annual General Meeting of the Company. There are custom-
ary provisions that regulate the legal rights in case of an exit in 
the Company and in the event of termination of directorship. 
In case of capital changes in the Company, the subscription 
price and/or the number of warrants shall be adjusted under 
certain conditions.
The warrant holders can subscribe for shares in the Compa-
ny at a subscription price of DKK 3.8993, and the warrants 
can be exercised during a four-year period from the sub-
scription date. During the exercise period, vested warrants 
can be exercised twice every year in a three-week exercise 
window, starting on the date of the disclosure of the Dan-
Cann Pharma’s quarterly report Q1 and quarterly report Q3. 
Each warrant entitles the holder to subscribe for one (1) new 
share in the Company. As of the date of the Prospectus, none 
of the warrants have been exercised, which means there is 
300,000 outstanding warrants. For more information about 
holders of warrants, see the section “Board of Directors and 
executive management”.
Warrants issued on 27 April 2022 (i)
In April 2022, the Annual General Meeting resolved on an 
incentive warrant program. The Company has issued 508,574 
warrants, which in the event of full subscription and exercise 
of all warrants may increase the share capital by a maximum 
of nominally DKK 19,071.525. When exercising all warrants, 
this means an issue of 508,574 shares, the total number of 
shares thus amounting to 28,976,86327. This means a maxi-
mum dilution rate of approximately 1.76 percent in relation to 
the current shareholders’ holdings of the Company.
The warrants have been issued to two employees of the 
Company. The issued warrants will be vested over a 3-year 
period as from the subscription date, which means that 1/3 is 
vested every year on 27 April during the vesting period. There 
are customary provisions that regulate the legal rights in case 
of an exit in the Company and in the event of termination of 
employment or position. In case of capital changes in the 
Company, the subscription price and/or the number of war-
rants shall be adjusted under certain conditions.
The warrant holders can subscribe for shares in the Compa-
ny at a subscription price of DKK 3.102, and the warrants can 
be exercised during a four-year period from the issue date. 
During the exercise period, vested warrants can be exercised 
twice every year in a three-week exercise window, starting 
26  Without taking into account the number of shares that can be subscribed for with the other outstanding warrants.
27 Without taking into account the number of shares that can be subscribed for with the other outstanding warrants.

--- Page 54 ---
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 106 / 126
PAGE 107 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
on the date of the disclosure of the DanCann Pharma’s quar-
terly report Q1 and quarterly report Q3. Each warrant entitles 
the holder to subscribe for one (1) new share in the Company. 
As of the date of the Prospectus, none of the warrants have 
been exercised, which means there is 508,574 outstanding 
warrants. For more information about holders of warrants, 
see the section “Board of Directors and executive manage-
ment”.
Warrants issued on 27 April 2022 (ii)
In April 2022, the Annual General Meeting resolved on an 
incentive warrant program. The Company has issued 75,000 
warrants, which in the event of full subscription and exercise 
of all warrants may increase the share capital by a maximum 
of nominally DKK 2,812.50. When exercising all warrants, this 
means an issue of 75,000 shares, the total number of shares 
thus amounting to 28,543,28928. This means a maximum 
dilution rate of approximately 0.26 percent in relation to the 
current shareholders’ holdings of the Company.
The warrants have been issued to one member of the Board 
of Directors of the Company. The issued warrants will be 
vested over a 3-year period as from the subscription date, 
which means that 1/3 is vested every year on the day be-
fore the Annual General Meeting of the Company. There are 
customary provisions that regulate the legal rights in case 
of an exit in the Company and in the event of termination of 
employment or position. In case of capital changes in the 
Company, the subscription price and/or the number of war-
rants shall be adjusted under certain conditions.
The warrant holders can subscribe for shares in the Compa-
ny at a subscription price of DKK 3.102, and the warrants can 
be exercised during a four-year period from the issue date. 
During the exercise period, vested warrants can be exercised 
twice every year in a three-week exercise window, starting 
on the date of the disclosure of the DanCann Pharma’s quar-
terly report Q1 and quarterly report Q3. Each warrant entitles 
the holder to subscribe for one (1) new share in the Company. 
As of the date of the Prospectus, none of the warrants have 
been exercised, which means there is 75,000 outstanding 
warrants. For more information about holders of warrants, 
see the section “Board of Directors and executive manage-
ment”.
TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES
The Company’s related parties include the Company’s Board 
of Directors, the Executive Management, the Management 
Team, affiliates to the mentioned parties, and Major Share-
holders. Related parties also include companies in which 
these persons and shareholders have significant influence.
No transactions between the Company and related parties 
exist, except as stated in the following:
Advisory service agreement
Christian Carlsen has since 2021 provided DanCann Pharma 
with advisory services under an advisory agreement entered 
into between the Company and Volvér ApS (“Volvér”). Volvér 
is a company wholly owned by Christian Carlsen, who is also 
the Managing Partner of Volvér. According to the agreement, 
Volvér, through Christian Carlsen, provides medical cannabis 
advisory services to DanCann Pharma, where the detailed 
advisory areas are coordinated between Jeppe Krog Ras-
mussen, chief executive officer of the Company, and Christian 
Carlsen. As of the date of the Prospectus, the service consists 
of advice related to the industry to the management and key 
employees of the Company as well as one-on-one guidance/
deliberations with Chief Executive Officer of DanCann Phar-
ma. During the financial year 2021, the remuneration for the 
advisory services was DKK 718,888 including value added tax. 
During the financial year 2022 (until the date of the Prospec-
tus), the remuneration for the advisory services amounts to 
DKK 1,680,491 including value added tax.
Consultant agreement
Martin Vedel Ernst has since May 2022 worked at DanCann 
Pharma as a consultant under a consultant agreement be-
tween the Company and Atlab A/S. The consulting services 
consist of Martin Vedel Ernst acting as Chief Financial Officer 
(CFO) in the Company. According to the Agreement Mar-
tin Vedel Ernst shall support executive management with 
financial management, financial reporting and oversight, 
manage and support the day-to-day operational account-
ing matters, as well as being responsible for the DanCann 
Pharma’s financial reporting. The roles and responsibilities 
28 Without taking into account the number of shares that can be subscribed for with the other outstanding warrants.
are coordinated and agreed between Martin Vedel Ernst and 
the Chief Executive Officer Jeppe Krog Rasmussen. The time 
consumption varies and Atlab A/S invoice monthly for the 
time spent. During the financial year 2022 (until the date of 
the Prospectus), the remuneration for the advisory services 
amounts to DKK 453,851.25.
AUTHORITY PROCEEDINGS, LEGAL 
­PROCEEDINGS, AND ARBITRATION
DanCann Pharma has not been a party to any legal, arbi-
tration, or governmental proceedings (including pending 
cases or such that the Company is aware may arise), during 
a period covering at least the previous twelve months, that 
has had or could have significant effects on the Compa-
ny’s financial position or profitability. Nor has the Company 
been informed of claims that could lead to DanCann Pharma 
becoming a party to such a process or arbitration. Also, there 
are no other arrangements, known to the issuer, which may 
at a subsequent date result in or prevent a change in control 
of the issuer.
MISCELLANEOUS
There exist no provision of the issuer’s articles of associa-
tion, statutes, charter, or bylaws that would have an effect of 
delaying, deferring, or preventing a change in control of the 
issuer.

--- Page 55 ---
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 108 / 126
PAGE 109 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
REFERENCES
Altinget 
Altinget is an independently owned public service news pro-
vider and the leading political news site in Denmark. Source: 
https://www.altinget.dk/ 
eSundhed
eSundhed is a source of statistical knowledge about Danes’ 
health. On eSundhed, patients, students, researchers or 
healthcare professionals can find public health data at region-
al, municipal and hospital levels. The site is operated by The 
Danish Health Authority and The Danish Health Data Authori-
ty. All information on eHealth is available to the public. Source: 
https://www.esundhed.dk/ 
Forskerzonen (The Research Zone):
Forskerzonen is the place where the researchers themselves 
speak directly. Here they write about their research and field 
of research, bring relevant knowledge into the public debate 
and disseminate it to a wide audience. Forskerzonen is sup-
ported by the Lundbeck Foundation. 
Source: https://videnskab.dk/forskerzonen 
INFORMATION FROM 
THIRD PARTIES
The Board of Directors confirms that information obtained from third 
parties in this Prospectus has been correctly reproduced and that, 
as far as the Board of Directors knows and can ascertain from the 
information published by these third parties, no factual circumstanc-
es have been omitted that would render the information reproduced 
incorrect or misleading. The statements in this Prospectus are based 
on the assessment of the Board of Directors and executive manage-
ment if no other grounds are stated. Apart from DanCann Pharma’s 
audited financial statements for the financial years 2021 and 2020, 
no information in the Prospectus has been reviewed or audited by 
the Company’s auditor. No statement or report attributed to a person 
as an expert is included in this Prospectus.

--- Page 56 ---
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 110 / 126
PAGE 111 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
German National Association of Statutory Health 
Insurance Funds (GKV-Spitzenverband)
The German National Association of Statutory Health Inus-
rance Funds (GKV-Spitzenverband) represents all statutory 
healthcare and long-term care insurance funds in Germany 
and, thus, the interests of more than 70 million insured per-
sons and contribution payers when dealing with politics and 
healthcare providers. Source: https://www.gkv-spitzenver-
band.de/english/english.jsp 
MarketWatch
MarketWatch is a website that provides financial informa-
tion, business news, analysis, and stock market data. Source: 
https://www.marketwatch.com/ 
Prohibition Partners
Prohibition Partners unlocks the potential of cannabis through 
data, intelligence and strategy.
Prohibition Partners enables its clients to make better busi-
ness decisions that deliver transformational growth and 
disrupt mainstream verticals.
Prohibition Partners work with the industry’s most influential 
stakeholders, some of the world’s best-known brands and an 
unrivalled network of analysts, innovators and advisors. 
Source: https://prohibitionpartners.com/ 
Pro.medicin.dk 
Pro.medicin.dk is a website and database containing informa-
tion about medicines and treatment instructions for Physi-
cians, pharmacists and other health professionals. 
Source: https://pro.medicin.dk/ 
The Association of Danish Pharmacies
The Association of Danish Pharmacies is the employer and 
professional organisation of the pharmacies in Denmark. The 
214 members of the association are all proprietor pharma-
cists in Denmark. 
The Danish Cancer Society
One in every three Danes contract cancer at some point in 
their lives. Two in three have a relative suffering from cancer. 
Faced with these figures, the Danish Cancer Society aims to 
unite the Danish population in a strong, active effort against 
cancer. 
Source: https://www.cancer.dk/international/about-the-dan-
ish-cancer-society/ 
The Danish Epilepsy Association
The Danish Epilepsy Association is a national, non-profit 
membership association founded in 1962 and with approxi-
mately 5 500 members. The association depends to a great 
extent on the voluntary activities of its members who are 
organized in 12 regional associations. The main objective of 
the Association is to improve life conditions and life quality of 
people living with epilepsy.
The aims of the Danish Epilepsy Association can be summa-
rized as follows:
To raise public and professional awareness of epilepsy, treat-
ment of epilepsy, to find causes to epilepsy and to understand 
both social, psychological and health-related consequences 
of having epilepsy. Source: https://www.epilepsiforeningen.
dk/in-english/ 
The Danish Fibromyalgia Association
The Danish Fibromyalgia Association is the patient asso-
ciation for fibromyalgia patients and their families. Source: 
https://www.fibromyalgi.dk/om-dff/english-information/ 
The Danish Health Authority
The Danish Health Authority has a national responsibility 
for health issues and works to ensure good public health 
and uniform healthcare services of high professional quality 
across Denmark, including effective health emergency man-
agement. Source: https://www.sst.dk/en/English 
The Danish Health Data Authority
The task of The Danish Health Data Authority is to create 
coherent health data and digital solutions for the benefit of 
patients and clinicians, as well as research and administrative 
purposes in the healthcare system. Source: https://sund-
hedsdatastyrelsen.dk/da 
The Danish Health Data Authority was established on 1 No-
vember 2015 and is part of the Ministry of Health in Denmark. 
The Danish Health Data Authority translate health policy goals 
into concrete solutions that promote a healthier Denmark. 
Source: https://sundhedsdatastyrelsen.dk/da 
The Danish Medicines Agency (DMA)
The Danish Medicines Agency is the supreme pharmaceutical 
authority in Denmark. The Danish Medicines Agency (DMA) 
is responsible for the oversight and regulation of the health-
care and pharmaceutical industries within Denmark. Source: 
https://laegemiddelstyrelsen.dk/en/ 
The Danish Medicines Information (DLI A/S)
DLI A/S is the organization behind leading information pro-
viders about medicines in Denmark: Product information and 
treatment guides, drug education, counseling and market 
intelligence regarding sales and marketing of drugs. Source: 
https://dli.dk/Pages/welcome.aspx 
The Danish Multiple Sclerosis Society
The Danish Multiple Sclerosis Society has over 60 years of 
experience in making a difference by leading the way in re-
search, patient support and providing information on Multiple 
Sclerosis. 
Source: https://www.scleroseforeningen.dk/viden-og-nyt/
om-os/about-us 
The Danish Rheumatism Association
The Danish Rheumatism Association is a national NGO 
with 80 000 members. About 500 of these are voluntary 
representatives in 22 local constituencies across the coun-
try. Source: https://www.gigtforeningen.dk/for-forskere/
the-danish-rheumatism-association/ 
The Danish Society of Polio and Accident Victims
The Danish Society of Polio and Accident Victims works for 
the integration and equal opportunities of people suffering 
mobility disabilities as a result of polio, injuries to the spinal 
cord, whiplash and other injuries resulting from traffic and 
other accidents. Source: https://www.ptu.dk/ 
The Danish Spinal Cord Injuries Association
The Danish Spinal Cord Injuries Association is a nationwide 
self-advocacy organisation for people living with a spinal 
cord injury and their families, together with SCI healthcare 
professionals and others who have an interest in the area 
of SCI. The association, which has its own statutes, forms a 
special-interest group within the Danish Association for the 
Disabled. 
Source: http://www.ryk.dk/presentations-english
 
The National Patient Register (LPR)
The National Patient Register (LPR) contains information 
about the times that a person has been in contact with the 
Danish hospital service as part of e.g. examinations or treat-
ment which is all collated as data in the National Patient Reg-
ister (LPR) administered by the Danish Health Data Authority. 
Source: https://www.danishhealthdata.com/find-health-da-
ta/Landspatientregisteret 
The Register of Medicinal Products Statistics (The 
Danish National Prescription Registry)
Individual-level data on all prescription drugs sold in Danish 
community pharmacies has since 1994 been recorded in the 
Register of Medicinal Products Statistics of the DMA. 
SmerteSagen
SmerteSagen is an interest organization, which, under the 
name SmerteDanmark, was established at the Annual Gener-
al Meeting on February 7, 2013.
SmerteSagen is actively working to improve the framework 
conditions for the over 1,300,000 Danes over the age of 18 
years who suffer from chronic pain affecting relevant agen-
cies, authorities and others which can support efforts to 
prevent and / or alleviate the major consequences of pain for 
individuals and for society. Source: http://smertesagen.dk/ 
University of Southern Denmark
The University of Southern Denmark (Danish: Syddansk Uni-
versitet, SDU) is a university in Denmark that has campuses 
located in Southern Denmark and on Zealand.
As a national institution the University of Southern Den-
mark (SDU) comprises five faculties – Humanities, Science, 
Engineering, Social Sciences and Health Sciences totaling 32 
departments and 11 research centers.

--- Page 57 ---
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 112 / 126
PAGE 113 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
DEFINITIONS
The following terms with an initial capital shall have the following 
meanings ascribed to them in this Prospectus:
Adult-use or recreational cannabis means or refers to the 
use of cannabis for reasons other than medicinal, i.e., recre-
ational purposes. 
AIP means the Pharmacy Purchase Price (in Danish: Apote-
kets Indkøbspris).
API means Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient (API), also 
called Active Substance Starting Material (ASSM), is a com-
modity or intermediate used in the manufacture of a drug 
which forms an essential part of the structure of the biologi-
cally active substance in the drug.
Auditor means the Company’s independent auditor, Deloitte 
Statsautoriseret Revisionsaktieselskab.
BfArM means Federal Institute for Drugs and Medical Devic-
es.
Big Pharma means major multinational pharmaceutical com-
panies collectively as a sector of industry.
Biotech Pharm1 (BP1) means the Company’s facility for 
manufacturing of cannabis ingredients.
Board of Directors means the board of directors of DanCann 
Pharma, consisting of Carsten Trads (chairman), Christian 
Carlsen, Magnus Østergaard Dahlmann, Per Wester, and Tue 
Østergaard.
CannGros means the CannGros ApS, CVR no. 39 03 94 51, 
Jens Grøns Vej 21, DK-7100 Vejle, subsidiary of DanCann 
Pharma.
CBD means Cannabidiol. Cannabidiol (CBD) is one of identi-
fied cannabinoids in cannabis.
CBG means Cannabigerol. Cannabigerol is one of identified 
cannabinoids in cannabis.
CBMPs means cannabis based medicinal products.
CBN means Cannabinol. Cannabinol is one of identified can-
nabinoids in cannabis.
CDMO or CMO means Contract Development and Manu-
facturing Organization. A Contract Manufacturing Organi-
zation (CMO), sometimes called a Contract Development 
and Manufacturing Organization (CDMO), is a company that 
serves other companies in the pharmaceutical industry on a 
contract basis to provide comprehensive services from drug 
development through drug manufacturing.
Conventional medicine means the type of medicine that is 
generally used (the usual practices of the past).
COVID-19 (also SARS-CoV-2) means the infectious disease 
caused by the most recently discovered coronavirus (Pan-
demic).

--- Page 58 ---
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 114 / 126
PAGE 115 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
CVR no. means the registration number of a Danish company.
DanCann Pharma means the DanCann Pharma A/S, CVR no. 
39 42 60 05, Rugvænget 5, DK-6823 Ansager, and its subsid-
iaries in the group structure.
Development Scheme (in Danish: Udviklingsordning) means 
the scheme for companies that allows to develop medicinal 
cannabis that cannot be dispensed to patients, but according 
to which the company can cultivate, develop and test medic-
inal cannabis.
DFSA means the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority (in 
Danish: “Finanstilsynet”).
DMA means the Danish Medicines Agency (in Danish: 
LMST: Lægemiddelstyrensen). The Danish Medicines Agency 
is the supreme pharmaceutical authority in Denmark. The 
Danish Medicines Agency (DMA) is responsible for the over-
sight and regulation of the healthcare and pharmaceutical 
industries within Denmark.
EER means Energy Efficiency Ratio. EER values are common-
ly used when looking at the energy efficiency. 
EMA means European Medicines Agency. The European 
Medicines Agency (EMA) is an agency of the European Union 
(EU) in charge of the evaluation and supervision of medicinal 
products.
EU means European Union. The European Union (EU) is a 
political and economic union of 28 member states that are 
located primarily in Europe.
Executive Management means the executive management 
of DanCann Pharma, consisting of Jeppe Krog Rasmussen, 
Martin Vedel Ernst, and Sarah Mai Lykke-Kjeldsen.
Existing Shareholders means those Shareholders in Dan-
Cann Pharma as of the Prospectus Date.
Existing Shares means Shares issued in DanCann Pharma 
as of the Prospectus Date, consisting of a share capital of a 
nominal value of DKK 1,067,560.8375, divided into 28,468,289 
Shares.
FDA means The Food and Drug Administration (FDA or USF-
DA) is a federal agency of the United States. The FDA is re-
sponsible for protecting and promoting public health through 
the control and supervision of food safety, tobacco products, 
dietary supplements, prescription and over-the-counter 
pharmaceutical drugs (medications), vaccines, biopharma-
ceuticals, blood transfusions, medical devices, electromag-
netic radiation emitting devices (ERED), cosmetics, animal 
foods & feed and veterinary products.
GACP means Good Agricultural and Collection Practice. 
GACP (Good Agricultural and Collection Practice) is a set of 
guidelines covering areas of cultivation (from seeds and prop-
agation material), collection, harvest, processing, packaging, 
personnel, equipment, documentation and others for the 
sake of satisfying the minimum required quality assurance in 
plant cultivation.
GDP means Good Distribution Practice, which is the mini-
mum standards that a wholesale distributor must meet to 
ensure that the quality and integrity of medicines is main-
tained throughout the supply chain.
GMP means Good Manufacturing Practice. Good manufac-
turing practice (GMP) describes the minimum standard that a 
medicines manufacturer must meet in their production pro-
cesses. The European Medicines Agency (EMA) coordinates 
inspections to verify compliance with these standards and 
plays a key role in harmonizing GMP activities at European 
Union (EU) level.
GTM means Go-To-Market. A Go-To-Market strategy (GTM 
strategy) is an action plan that specifies how a company will 
reach target customers and achieve competitive advantage.
IP means Intellectual Property. Intellectual property (IP) 
refers to creations of the mind, such as inventions; literary and 
artistic works; designs; and symbols, names and images used 
in commerce.
IPO means (Initial Public Offering) the admission of DanCann 
Pharma’s Shares and Warrants to trading on Spotlight Stock 
Market.
LOI means letter of intent and is a document outlining the 
understanding between two or more parties which under-
standing they intend to formalize in a legally binding agree-
ment.
Major Shareholder means a Shareholder in the DanCann 
Pharma who, to the Company’s knowledge, has an interest 
in the Company’s capital or voting rights, which is equal to 
or above 5% of the Company’s share capital or total voting 
rights.
Medical cannabis means the term for cannabinoid-based 
medicine not holding marketing authorization and there-
fore, sold as an unlicensed medicine that is supplied through 
health systems and prescribed by a doctor; or Active Phar-
maceutical Ingredient (API) to be manipulated and/or 
compounded by a magistral pharmacy in order to prepare a 
cannabinoid-based medicine without marketing authoriza-
tion (unlicensed).
Medicinal cannabis means the term used to indicate all can-
nabinoid-based therapeutic products (medical and pharma-
ceutical).
MoA means “Mechanism of Action”. In pharmacology, the 
term mechanism of action (MOA) refers to the specific 
biochemical interaction through which a drug substance 
produces its pharmacological effect. A mechanism of action 
usually includes mention of the specific molecular targets to 
which the drug binds, such as an enzyme or receptor.
MS means Multiple Sclerosis. Multiple Sclerosis (MS) is a po-
tentially disabling disease of the brain and spinal cord (central 
nervous system). In MS, the immune system attacks the pro-
tective sheath (myelin) that covers nerve fibers and causes 
communication problems between your brain and the rest of 
your body.
New Shares means the Shares offered in this Prospectus, 
consisting of maximum 44,447,140 Shares, each of a nominal 
value of DKK 0.0375.
New Warrants means the warrants offered in this Prospec-
tus as part of the Unit (each Unit consists of ten (10) Shares 
and six (6) Warrants).
NGO means Non-Governmental Organizations. NGOs are a 
subgroup of organizations founded by citizens, which include 
clubs and associations which provide services to its mem-
bers and others. They are usually nonprofit.
NICE means the National Institute for Care Excellence.
Offer means the DanCann Pharma’s offer of the Units in this 
Prospectus.
OMC means the Office of Medical Cannabis
OTC-pharmaceutical means medicines sold directly to a 
patient without the need for a prescription from a healthcare 
professional, as opposed to prescription drugs, which are 
supplied only to patients possessing a valid prescription.
Pandemic means an outbreak of a disease that occurs over 
a wide geographic area and affects an exceptionally high 
proportion of the population.
Pharmaceutical cannabis means the term for formulated, 
processed or synthetic cannabis sold as a finished product, 
which has undergone full medical trials, and holds (in one or 
more geographical areas) a medical marketing authorization 
e.g., Cesamet®, Marinol®, Syndros®, Sativex®, Epidiolex® and 
any derived generic medicines (such as dronabinol).
Physician means a professional who practices medicine, 
which is concerned with promoting, maintaining, or restoring 
health through the study, diagnosis, prognosis and treatment 
of disease, injury, and other physical and mental impairments.
Pilot Programme (in Danish: Forsøgsordning) means the 
Danish four-year medical cannabis Pilot Programme that 
allow Physicians to prescribe a new type of cannabis product 
which, until now, was not legal in Denmark. The purpose of 
the Pilot Programme is to offer patients a lawful way of testing 
treatment with medicinal cannabis if they have not benefitted 
from authorized medicines. The Pilot Programme has also 
opened markets for companies for cultivation, manufacturing 
and distribution of medical cannabis in Denmark and exports. 
PoC means “Proof of Concept”. PoC clinical studies are an 
early stage of clinical drug development, when a compound 
has shown potential for human therapeutic use, after preclin-
ical animal models and early safety testing. This step often 
links Phase I (first in human) and dose-ranging Phase-II 
studies.
Pre-IPO means Pre-Initial Public Offering. A Pre-IPO is capi-
tal raised by a company in the lead up to its planned IPO.
Private Placement means a sale of stock shares to pre-se-
lected investors and institutions.

--- Page 59 ---
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 116 / 126
PAGE 117 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
Prospectus means this prospectus.
Prospectus Date means 21st of October 2022, on which date 
the Prospectus was published.
PTSD means Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder.
QA means Quality Assurance. Quality assurance (QA) is a 
way of preventing mistakes and defects in manufactured 
products and avoiding problems when delivering products or 
services to customers.
RA means regulatory affairs.
RCTs means randomized controlled trials.
Reimbursement means the act of compensating someone 
for an out-of-pocket expense by giving them an amount of 
money equal to what was spent.
RWE means real world evidence.
Rx-pharmaceutical means A prescription pharmaceuti-
cal. A prescription, often abbreviated ℞ or Rx, is a health care 
program implemented by a Physician or other qualified health 
care practitioner in the form of instructions that govern the 
plan of care for an individual patient. The term often refers to 
a health care provider’s written authorization for a patient to 
purchase a prescription drug from a pharmacist.
R&D means research and development and includes activi-
ties that the Company undertake to innovate and introduce 
new products and services. It is the first stage in the devel-
opment process.
SAKL means the State Institute for Drug Control.
SCI means Spinal Cord Injury. A Spinal Cord Injury (SCI) is 
damage to the spinal cord that causes temporary or perma-
nent changes in its function.
SDU means University of Southern Denmark.
Shareholder means a shareholder in the DanCann Pharma, 
including the Existing Shareholders and the new sharehold-
ers.
Shares means shares in the DanCann Pharma, including the 
Existing Shares and the New Shares. 
Spotlight Stock Market means Spotlight Stock Market, Org.
no. 556736-8195, that operates a multilateral trading facility 
(MTF).
Subscription Period means the period from 31st October 
2022  to 11th November 2022 where the Offer is open for 
subscription.
THC means Tetrahydrocannabinol. Tetrahydrocannabinol 
(THC) is one of the cannabinoids identified in cannabis. THC is 
the principal psychoactive constituent of cannabis.
The Company means DanCann Pharma A/S, CVR no. 39 42 
60 05, Rugvænget 5, DK-6823 Ansager, and its subsidiaries in 
the group structure.
THCV means Tetrahydrocannabivarin. Tetrahydrocannabivar-
in (THCV) is one of identified cannabinoids in cannabis.
Units means the units offered in this Prospectus, each con-
sisting of 5 Shares and 2 Warrants.
VP means VP Securities A/S, Weidekampsgade 14, DK-2300 
København S.
Warrant Exercise Period means the period from 16 May 
2023 until and including 31 May 2023 where the New War-
rants can be exercised.
Warrant Exercise Price means 70 percent of the vol-
ume-weighted average price (VWAP) on Spotlight Stock 
Market during the period of ten trading days ending one 
banking day before the first day of the Warrant Exercise Peri-
od, which cannot be below the quota value, i.e., DKK 0.0375, or 
exceed DKK 1.20 per share.
 
AVAILABLE DOCUMENTS
The below documents are available in electronic form on the Com-
pany’s website www.dancann.com. Printed copies of the docu-
ments are also available during ordinary office hours at DanCann 
Pharma’s office Rugvænget 5, DK-6823 Ansager, Denmark, during 
the period of validity of this Prospectus
•	
Articles of Association (Corporate Bylaws)  
(https://www.dancann.com/investor-relations#Corporate-Governance)
•	
Terms and conditions for the New Warrants  
(https://www.dancann.com/investor-relations)

--- Page 60 ---
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 118 / 126
PAGE 119 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
AVSNITT 1 - Inledning
1.1
Värdepapperens namn 
och internationella 
identifieringsnummer 
för värdepapper (ISIN- 
nummer)
Emissionen av Units består av units i DanCann Pharma A/S.
Aktie: ISIN-kod DK0061410487, Ticker DANCAN.
Teckningsoption TO2: ISIN-kod DK0061927266, Ticker DanCann Pharma A/S Warrant
1.2
Namn och kontaktup-
pgifter till emittenten
DanCann Pharma A/S, organisationsnummer 39 42 60 05, och LEI-kod 549300KLXQ6IC2YUUB58. 
Representanter för DanCann Pharma kan nås på telefon +45 29 63 69 20 och via e-post info@dancann.
com. Bolagets besöksadress är Rugvænget 5, DK-6823 Ansager, Danmark och webbplatsen är www.
dancann.com.
1.3
Namn och kontaktup-
pgifter till den relevanta 
myndighet som har god-
känt detta prospekt
Den danska finansinspektionen (Dk. Finanstilsynet) ("DFSA") är den behöriga myndighet som ansvarar 
för godkännandet av Prospektet. Besöksadressen till DFSA är Strandgade 29, 1401 Köpenhamn, Dan-
mark, och webbplatsen är www.finanstilsynet.dk. DFSA kan också nås på telefon på +45 33 55 82 82 
och e-post finanstilsynet@ftnet.dk.
1.4
Datum för godkännande
EU-tillväxtprospektet godkändes av den danska finansinspektionen den [21] oktober 2022.
1.5
Varning
Denna sammanfattning ska läsas som en introduktion till EU-tillväxtprospektet. Alla beslut att investera 
i värdepapperen bör baseras på en bedömning av hela Prospektet från investerarens sida. Investeraren 
kan förlora hela eller delar av sitt investerade kapital. Om ett krav relaterat till information i EU-tillväxt-
prospektet görs i domstol kan investeraren som gör anspråk enligt nationell lagstiftning i medlems-
staten behöva betala kostnaden för att översätta EU-tillväxtprospektet innan det rättsliga förfarandet 
inleds. Civilrättsligt ansvar omfattar endast de personer som har presenterat sammanfattningen, inklu-
sive översättningar av denna, men endast om sammanfattningen är vilseledande, felaktig eller oförenlig 
med övriga delar av EU-tillväxtprospektet eller om den tillsammans med andra delar av EU-tillväxt-
prospektet inte tillhandahåller den nyckelinformation som investerare behöver när de beslutar om de 
ska investera i de berörda värdepapperen.
APPENDIX A
Swedish translation 
of the summary
AVSNITT 2 – Nyckelinformation om emittenten
2.1
Vem är emittenten av 
värdepapperen?
DanCann Pharma, bildades som ett entreprenöriellt aktiebolag (ELC) enligt dansk lag den 20 mars 2018. 
Bolaget omregistrerades till ett privat aktiebolag den 26 juni 2020 och DanCann Pharma ombildades 
till publikt aktiebolag den 6 juli 2020. Bolagets besöksadress är Rugvænget 5, DK-6823 Ansager, Dan-
mark. Styrelsen har sitt säte i Ansager, Danmark. Bolagets VD är Jeppe Krog Rasmussen sedan 2018.
DanCann Pharma är ett danskt biofarmaceutiskt företag som drivs av cannabinoider. DanCann Pharma 
är ett vertikalt integrerat, licensierat produktions- och distributionsbolag. Företaget fokuserar på att 
upptäcka, utveckla, tillverka och kommersialisera nya terapeutiska cannabinoider inom ett brett spek-
trum av sjukdomsområden, dedikerade till kommersialisering av innovativa receptbelagda produkter 
riktade mot den europeiska marknaden.
DanCann Pharma kontrolleras varken direkt eller indirekt av någon eller några aktieägare. Följande tabell 
illustrerar Bolagets huvudägare. Styrelsen informerar om att det inte finns några aktieägaravtal eller 
andra avtal mellan Bolagets aktieägare som syftar till att ha gemensamt inflytande över Bolaget.
Part
Antal aktier
Andel röster och kapital (%)
Jeppe Krog Rasmussen (genom Xignotus Capital 
ApS, ett helägt bolag)
5 747 023
20.19
Totalt
5 747 023
20.19
Andra aktieägare (mindre än 5 % vardera)
22 721 266
79.81
Totalt
28 468 289
100

--- Page 61 ---
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 120 / 126
PAGE 121 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
En del av DanCann Pharmas verksamhet är att genomföra de kliniska prövningarna och studierna 
genom partnerskap. För närvarande har DanCann Pharma två kandidater i steg två och det finns en risk 
att dessa två inte kommer att klara hela processen. Bolaget investerar pengar och tid i dessa kliniska 
prövningar och studier och om kandidaterna inte tar sig igenom hela processen kommer de endast att 
vara som kostnad för Bolaget och kommer följaktligen inte att bidra till DanCann Pharmas förmåga att 
generera intäkter i framtiden.
DanCann Pharma bedömer sannolikheten för att risken uppstår som medelhög. Om risken skulle real-
iseras bedömer DanCann Pharma att den potentiella negativa påverkan är hög.
Finansiering och kapitalbehov
DanCann Pharma är inte lönsamt och har ådragit sig förluster varje år sedan starten och räkenskapsåret 
2021 var det första året bolaget hade intäkter. DanCann Pharmas framtidsplaner medför betydan-
de kostnader för DanCann Pharma. Om DanCann Pharma inte tillförs minst cirka 12 miljoner DKK i 
Unitemissionen (cirka 42 procent av Erbjudandet) och samtliga alternativa finansieringsmöjligheter 
uteblir finns det en risk att DanCann Pharma måste revidera utvecklingsplanerna väsentligt, vilket föl-
jaktligen kan försena eller tillfälligt stoppa utvecklingen av DanCann Pharmas verksamhet.
Det finns en risk att förseningar i DanCann Pharmas kliniska prövningar, kontrollerade studier och/eller 
produktutveckling kommer att resultera i ett försenat marknadsgenombrott och därmed kassaflöde 
genereras senare än väntat. Att fördröja marknadsgenombrott på tillväxtmarknader kan leda till lägre in-
täkter för Bolaget, vilket kan innebära att Bolaget når ett nollresultat senare än planerat. Det finns därför 
en risk att DanCann Pharmas mål avseende marknadspenetration och försäljning inte uppnås inom den 
fastställda tidsramen och att det tar längre tid än planerat att nå de fastställda milstolparna.
DanCann Pharma kan komma att behöva ytterligare kapital i framtiden och det finns en risk att sådant 
kapital inte kan anskaffas (se avsnittet “Working capital statement”). På sikt finns det en risk att Bolaget 
går i konkurs om samtliga finansieringsalternativ misslyckas. Det finns således en risk att investerare 
förlorar hela sin investering i Bolaget om Bolaget går i konkurs.
DanCann Pharma bedömer sannolikheten för att risken uppstår som medelhög. Om risken skulle real-
iseras bedömer DanCann Pharma att den potentiella negativa påverkan är hög.
Slutliga tillstånd och godkännanden från danska läkemedelsmyndigheten
På grund av datumet för godkännandet av Prospektet har DanCann Pharma inte alla nödvändiga 
licenser som behövs för att genomföra sin verksamhet. För att kunna marknadsföra och sälja medicinsk 
cannabis måste tillstånd erhållas från danska läkemedelsverket (DMA). DanCann Pharma är licensier-
at enligt utvecklingsprogrammet (se definitionen under avsnittet “Definitions”), från vilket DanCann 
Pharma kan utveckla sina produktionsanläggningar, procedurer och dess odling och produktion av 
medicinsk cannabis. För att kunna importera och/eller producera medicinsk cannabis som kommer att 
finnas tillgänglig för recept måste DanCann Pharma dock vara licensierat enligt pilotprogrammet (se 
definitionen under avsnittet “Definitions”). 
DanCann Pharma avser att erhålla licens enligt pilotprogrammet och att utveckla sin verksamhet med 
anläggningar för tillverkning av medicinsk cannabis. Vidare måste DanCann Pharmas tillverkade pro-
dukter genomgå en godkännandeprocess av DMA innan försäljning och/eller export kan påbörjas. Det 
finns en risk att DanCann Pharma inte erhåller nödvändiga tillstånd från DMA utan att göra justeringar 
i ansökan och/eller Bolagets tillverkade produkter. Om justeringar behövs kommer det att innebära 
att tillståndsprocessen försenas och blir dyrare. Detta utgör en risk för Bolagets förmåga att generera 
intäkter tillfälligt, vilket skulle påverka Bolagets resultat och finansiella ställning negativt. I värsta fall är 
det fastställt att Bolaget inte kommer att kunna erhålla nödvändiga tillstånd, vilket skulle påverka Bo-
lagets förmåga att generera intäkter permanent och innebära att Bolaget inte kan bedriva sin planerade 
verksamhet.
DanCann Pharma bedömer sannolikheten för att risken uppstår som låg. Om risken skulle realiseras 
bedömer DanCann Pharma att den potentiella negativa påverkan är hög.
AVSNITT 2 – Nyckelinformation om emittenten
2.2
Vilken är den viktigaste 
finansiella informationen 
om emittenten?
Den finansiella information som införlivas i detta Prospekt genom hänvisning inkluderar koncernredo-
visningarna för räkenskapsåren 2020 och 2021 och delårsrapporter avseende räkenskapsperioden 1 
januari 2022 till 30 juni 2022, med jämförande konton för perioden 1 januari 2021 till 30 juni 2021, vilka 
har upprättats i enlighet med bestämmelserna i den danska årsredovisningslagen som reglerar företag 
av rapporteringsklass C.
Koncernens resultaträkning
DKK 1 000
2022-01-01
- 2022-06-30
Unaudited
2021-01-01
- 2021-06-30
Unaudited
2021-01-01
- 2021-12-31
Audited
2020-01-01
- 2020-12-31
Audited
Nettointäkter
2 037
-
874
-
Bruttoförlust
4 020
2 909
6 494
2 835
Rörelseförlust
9 304
6 362
14 508
5 871
Koncernens balansräkning
DKK 1 000
2022-06-30
Unaudited
2021-06-30
Unaudited
2021-12-31
Audited
2020-12-31
Audited
Anläggningstillgångar
54 953
31 978
51 343
19 984
Omsättningstillgångar
13 038
12 899
17 651
29 567
Tillgångar totalt
67 991
44 877
68 994
49 551
Eget kapital
54 386
39 739
53 370
44 325
Skulder
13 605
3 786
14 650
3 889
Eget kapital &skulder 
totalt
67 991
44 877
68 944
49 551
Koncernens kassaflödesanalys
DKK 1 000
2022-01-01
- 2022-06-30
Unaudited
2021-01-01
- 2021-06-30
Unaudited
2021-01-01
- 2021-12-31
Audited
2020-01-01
- 2020-12-31
Audited
Kassaflöde från den 
löpande verksamheten
-6 764
-3 286
-11 985
-7 662
Kassaflöde från invester-
ingsverksamheten
-4 717
-12 223
-32 248
-19 072
Kassaflöde från finansier-
ingsverksamheten
9 548
23
30 637
47 997
Förändringar i likvida 
medel
-1 933
-15 532
-13 596
21 332
2.3
Vilka är de viktigaste 
riskerna som är specifika 
för emittenten?
Kliniska prövningar och studier
Kliniska prövningar och läkemedelsindustrin är förknippade med en stor osäkerhet. Eftersom cannabis 
och cannabinoider är ett nytt medicinskt område och tidigare varit stigmatiserat finns det otillräckliga 
data och forskning på området, vilket gör det svårare att förutsäga resultatet av kliniska prövningar och 
studier samt sannolikheten för framgång. 
Osäkerheten är till stor del kopplad till riskerna relaterade till förseningar i vissa processer och utfallet av 
resultaten. Det finns en risk att resultaten från DanCann Pharmas partners och dess kliniska prövningar 
inte matchar resultaten i mer omfattande pågående studier av produktportföljen och pipelinen, vilket 
därmed indikerar otillräcklig säkerhet och effektivitet. Detta kan påverka Bolagets förmåga att lansera 
sina läkemedelsprodukter. Därutöver kan det leda till försenade lanseringar av Bolagets produkter, vilket 
skulle påverka DanCann Pharmas förmåga att generera intäkter och därmed skada Bolagets finansiella 
ställning under en period. Det finns därför en risk att det potentiella utfallet av de kliniska prövningarna 
kan bli oönskat, vilket kan innebära att DanCann Pharma och dess partners behöver ompröva formuler-
ingarna och utformningen av produkterna.

--- Page 62 ---
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 122 / 126
PAGE 123 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
3.4
Vilka är de viktigaste 
riskerna som är 
specifika för värde-
papperen?
Aktiekursutveckling, volatilitet och likviditet
Befintliga och presumtiva aktieägare bör överväga att en investering i DanCann Pharma är förenat med 
risker och att det inte kan förutsägas om aktiekursen kommer att ha en positiv utveckling. Detta medför 
en risk för att en investerare kan förlora hela eller delar av sitt investerade kapital i Bolaget. DanCann 
Pharmas aktiekurs har historiskt varit volatil och kan komma att fortsätta fluktuera till följd av bland 
annat intäktsvariationer i Bolagets kvartalsrapporter, det allmänna ekonomiska läget och förändringar 
i aktiemarknadens intresse för DanCann Pharma och dess aktier. Begränsad likviditet i aktierna kan 
också bidra till att förstärka sådana svängningar i aktiekursen.
Den genomsnittliga omsättningen per handelsdag i DanCann Pharmas aktie under perioden 1 januari 
– 31 augusti 2022 uppgick till 315 142,2 DKK per dag. Genomsnittlig stängningskurs per handelsdag i 
DanCann Pharmas aktie under samma period uppgick till 3.,45 DKK per aktie, med den lägsta stäng-
ningskursen uppgående till 1,00 DKK per aktie och den högsta stängningskursen uppgående till 6,78 
DKK per aktie.
Aktiekursen kan därmed komma att påverkas av faktorer som helt eller delvis ligger utanför Dan-
Cann Pharmas kontroll. En investering i DanCann Pharma bör därför föregås av en noggrann analys av 
Bolaget, dess konkurrenter, allmän information om branschen, den allmänna ekonomiska situationen 
och annan relevant information. Det finns en risk att aktier i Bolaget inte kan säljas till ett för aktieägaren 
acceptabelt pris vid varje given tidpunkt.
DanCann Pharma bedömer sannolikheten för att risken uppstår som hög. Om risken skulle realiseras 
anser DanCann Pharma att den potentiella negativa påverkan är medelhög.
Teckningsoptioner
Vid Emissionen av Units består instrumentet av s.k. units, vilka var och en består av tio (10) Nya Aktier 
och sex (6) Nya Teckningsoptioner. Varje Ny Teckningsoption medför rätt att teckna en nyemitterad 
aktie i Bolaget till ett förutbestämt pris under en viss period i framtiden. De Nya Teckningsoptionerna 
kan överlåtas och avses tas upp till handel på Spotlight.
Kursutvecklingen för Bolagets aktier kan komma att påverka handeln med De Nya Teckningsop-
tionerna. De Nya Teckningsoptionerna har endast ett värde om teckningskursen för de nyemitterade 
aktierna i framtiden är lägre än marknadspriset på Bolagets aktier vid teckningstillfället. Detta innebär 
att sannolikheten för att de Nya Teckningsoptionerna kan förlora hela sitt värde är större än exempelvis 
aktier i Bolaget. Det finns således en risk att de Nya Teckningsoptionerna inte kommer att öka i värde 
eller att de inte representerar ett värde vid den tidpunkt de löper ut. Det finns också en risk att likvid-
iteten i handeln med dessa Nya Teckningsoptioner inte är tillräckligt god för att de ska kunna säljas på 
för innehavarna tillfredsställande villkor.
För det fall teckningskursen överstiger marknadspriset på Bolagets aktier vid teckningstillfället finns 
risk för att de Nya Teckningsoptionerna inte utnyttjas, vilket skulle innebära att DanCann Pharma inte 
tillförs ytterligare kapital och skulle påverka Bolagets finansiella situation.
DanCann Pharma bedömer sannolikheten för att risken uppstår som medelhög. Om risken skulle real-
iseras bedömer DanCann Pharma att den potentiella negativa påverkan är hög.
Psykologiska faktorer
Det finns en risk att värdepappersmarknaden påverkas av fysiska faktorer, såsom trender, rykten och 
reaktioner på nyheter och händelser, som inte är direkt relaterade till Bolagets verksamhet. Eftersom 
DanCann Pharma är verksamt inom medicinsk cannabis, som i vissa fall påverkas av ett relativt stort 
antal faktorer, såsom politiska, etiska och regulatoriska, kan Bolaget utsättas för en högre grad av risk 
och därmed bli offer för trender och rykten som potentiellt kan generera större psykologisk sårbarhet 
för Bolaget. Det finns med andra ord en risk att DanCann Pharma är mer exponerat för människors 
allmänna åsikter, trender och rykten än bolag verksamma inom mer traditionella affärsområden. 
Det finns en risk att psykologiska faktorer och dess efterföljande effekter på prisutvecklingen kommer 
att påverka marknadspriset på DanCann Pharmas Aktier negativt. En lägre aktiekurs kan medföra 
svårigheter för Bolaget att anskaffa ytterligare kapital på förmånliga villkor i framtiden. 
Det finns därför en risk att Bolagets aktiekurs påverkas i större utsträckning på grund av psykologiska 
faktorer än värdepapper i bolag som också är upptagna till handel men verksamma inom mer traditio-
nella affärsområden.
DanCann Pharma bedömer sannolikheten för att risken uppstår som hög. Om risken skulle realiseras 
anser DanCann Pharma att den potentiella negativa påverkan är medelhög.
AVSNITT 3 – Nyckelinformation om värdepapperen
3.1
Vilka är huvuddragen i 
värdepapperen?
Värdepapperens typ, kategori och isin
DanCann Pharmas Nya Aktier och Nya Teckningsoptioner i Unitemissionen tas upp till handel på Spot-
light. Det finns endast ett aktieslag i DanCann Pharma. En (1) Unit består av tio (10) Nya Aktier och sex 
(sex) Teckningsoptioner av serie TO2. ISIN-koden för aktierna är DK0061410487 och ISIN-koden för 
de Nya Teckningsoptionerna är DK0061927266.
Valuta, nominellt värde och antal aktier
DanCann Pharma har endast ett aktieslag och samtliga utestående aktier är fullt betalda. De Nya 
Aktierna och De Nya Teckningsoptionerna är denominerade i DKK. Före Emissionen av Units uppgår 
DanCann Pharmas registrerade aktiekapital till 1 067 560,8375 DKK fördelat på 28 468 289 aktier. Varje 
aktie har ett nominellt värde på 0,0375 DKK. De Nya Aktierna i Bolaget emitteras enligt dansk lag.
Rättigheter som är knutna till värdepapperen
Alla rättigheter som är knutna till de Nya Aktierna läggs till den som är registrerad i aktieboken som förs 
av VP Securities A/S (“VP”). De Nya Aktierna kommer att ha samma rättigheter som De Befintliga Aktier-
na. Rösträtterna innefattar rösträtt, rätt att erhålla utdelning, rätt att ta del av likviden vid upplösning eller 
likvidation av Bolaget samt företrädesrätt i samband med emission av nya/tillkommande teckningsop-
tioner, konvertibler och aktier genom kontantinsats.
DanCann Pharma är ett tillväxtbolag och har sedan bildandet inte lämnat utdelning till aktieägarna. Bo-
laget har inte heller någon utdelningspolicy. Styrelsen i DanCann Pharma avser att finansiera utveckling, 
verksamhet och tillväxt med möjliga vinster. Eventuella framtida utdelningar, och storleken på sådana, 
är bland annat beroende av Bolagets framtida resultat, finansiella ställning, rörelsekapitalbehov och 
likviditet.
Vid utdelning medför samtliga aktier i Bolaget lika stor rätt till utdelning. Utdelning på de Nya Aktier 
som nyemitteras i Emissionen av Units enligt beskrivningen i detta Prospekt kommer att utbetalas på 
avstämningsdagen för den utdelning som kan inträffa efter registreringen av de Nya Aktierna i den av 
VP förda aktieboken. Utdelningen är inte av ackumulerad karaktär. Rätt till utdelning gäller för investera-
re som är registrerade som aktieägare i DanCann Pharma på avstämningsdagen för utdelning. Det finns 
inga befintliga restriktioner för utdelning eller särskilda förfaranden för aktieägare bosatta utanför Dan-
mark, och utbetalning av eventuell utdelning är avsedd att ske via VP på samma sätt som för aktieägare 
bosatta i Danmark. Utdelning tillfaller DanCann Pharma, om den inte har begärts av Aktieägaren inom 
tio år efter utdelningsbeskedet.
I händelse av bolagets insolvens, likvidation eller upplösning har de nya aktierna samma företräde som 
de befintliga aktierna, inklusive med avseende på eventuellt överskott. I händelse av insolvens, likvida-
tion eller upplösningsförfaranden i bolaget kommer bolagets borgenärer att tillgodoses i enlighet med 
den danska insolvenslagen, och endast om alla borgenärer betalas i sin helhet delas eventuellt alltför 
stort överskott till aktieägarna pro rata i enlighet med aktieägarnas ägarandel.
Värdepapperens överlåtbarhet
Det finns inga begränsningar för överlåtelse av aktierna eller teckningsoptionerna, förutom det lock-
up-avtal som beskrivs under avsnittet “Lock-up-avtal”.
3.2
Var kommer värdepap-
peren att handlas? 
Aktierna i DanCann Pharma handlas på Spotlight, en multilateral handelsplattform (MTF). De Nya Ak-
tierna och De Nya Teckningsoptionerna kommer att tas upp till handel på Spotlight vid registrering av 
Unitemissionen.
3.3
Finns det någon garanti 
kopplad till värdepappe-
ren? 
Säkerheterna täcks inte av garantier.

--- Page 63 ---
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
DANCANN PHARMA PROSPECTUS 
PAGE 124 / 126
PAGE 125 / 126
OCTOBER 2022
OCTOBER 2022
4.2
Varför tas detta EU-till-
växtprospekt fram?
Motiv till erbjudandet
Enligt DanCann Pharmas bedömning är det befintliga rörelsekapitalet, som är avsett att finansiera ut-
vecklingen av verksamheten, inte tillräckligt för nuvarande behov Därför har DanCann Pharma beslutat 
att besluta om Emission av Units enligt detta Prospekt.
Användning av emissionslikviden
Likviden från Erbjudandet kommer att användas för att stärka Bolagets kapitalbas och kapitalresurser 
för att genomföra Bolagets strategi och mål. Intäkterna från emissionen av Units kommer att göra det 
möjligt för Bolaget att slutföra sin verksamhet i enlighet med sin vägledning när det gäller att erhålla 
nödvändiga tillstånd från DMA och godkännande av BP1, och därefter också slutföra kommersialiserin-
gen av sin framtida produktportfölj bestående av följande skyddade varumärken genom Europeiska 
unionens immaterialrättsmyndighets registreringsbevis:  Tetracanoid®, Bidiocanoid®, Mixcanoid®, 
Varincanoid® och Bigerolcanoid®. Dessutom siktar DanCann Pharma på att accelerera och utöka sin 
produktportfölj av importerad medicinsk cannabis och cannabinoidbaserade läkemedel och läkemedel.
Bolaget avser att använda emissionslikviden enligt följande:
Initial emission – CIRKA 23 miljoner DKK (NETTOLIKVID):
•	
Operation costs: approximately 55 percent
•	
Slutförande av processen för EU-GMP
•	
Slutföra utvecklingen av den interna produktportföljen
•	
Vidareutveckling av produktportföljen: cirka 20 procent
•	
Återbetalning av lån: cirka 25 procent
Nya teckningsoptioner – cirka 0,95–32,3 miljoner dkk (nettolikvid):29
Vid fullt utnyttjande av de Nya Teckningsoptionerna kan Bolaget tillföras ytterligare cirka 1–34,2 miljoner 
DKK före avdrag för transaktionsrelaterade kostnader. 
•	
Skalning av produktionen: cirka 70 procent
•	
Återbetalning av utestående skuldförbindelser: cirka 30 procent
Rörelsekapital
Enligt Bolagets bedömning är det befintliga rörelsekapitalet avsett att finansiera den 12 månader långa 
utvecklingen av verksamheten och Bolagets tillväxtplan inte tillräckligt för de nuvarande behoven per 
Prospektdagen. Underskottet uppgår till cirka 15 miljoner DKK.  Ett behov av ytterligare rörelsekapi-
tal förväntas uppstå i december 2023. För att förse Bolaget med rörelsekapital genomför DanCann 
Pharma en Emission av Units som kan tillföra Bolaget maximalt 28,5 miljoner DKK (efter ersättning till 
bryggfinansiärer och emissionskostnader men inklusive bryggfinansiering om cirka 15,2 miljoner DKK). 
För det fall det kommande Erbjudandet fulltecknas bedömer Bolaget att likviden kommer att finansiera 
DanCann Pharmas tillväxtplan fram till december 2023.
För att anskaffa tillräckligt rörelsekapital för att kunna bedriva sin verksamhet i önskvärd takt under 
minst tolv månader framåt krävs att Bolaget tillförs minst cirka 12 miljoner DKKgenom den Initiala emis-
sionen av Units som beskrivs i detta Prospekt. DanCann Pharma har per dagen för Prospektet säkrat 
totalt cirka 21,9 miljoner DKK (före transaktionsrelaterade kostnader) genom teckningsförbindelser 
och garantiåtaganden, vilket motsvarar cirka 77 procent av den initiala emissionsvolymen och därmed 
säkrat tillräckligt med rörelsekapital utöver de kommande 12 månaderna. Om Bolaget inte tar in ovan 
nämnda kapital efter finansiering av emissionskostnader kommer Bolaget att undersöka alternativa 
finansieringsalternativ såsom ytterligare kapitalanskaffning, bidrag eller finansiering tillsammans med 
en eller flera partners eller bedriva verksamheten till en lägre takt än förväntat, till dess att ytterligare ka-
pital kan anskaffas. På sikt finns det en risk att Bolaget, om alla finansieringsmöjligheter och försäljningar 
misslyckas, ansöker om konkurs.
INTRESSEN OCH INTRESSEKONFLIKTER
Alexander Schoeneck, styrelseledamot i DanCann Pharma, är också styrelseledamot i Corpura.
DanCann Pharma har ingått avtal om teckningsförbindelser och garantiåtaganden med ett antal exter-
na investerare, befintliga aktieägare och styrelseledamöter.
DanCann Pharma har ingått garantiavtal med ett antal externa investerare och befintliga aktieägare.
Utöver vad som har sagts ovan finns det inga intressekonflikter inom förvaltnings-, lednings- och till-
synsorgan, och inte heller med andra personer i ledande befattningar inom DanCann Pharma. Därutöver 
finns inga andra fysiska eller juridiska personer som är involverade i Emissionen av Units som har finan-
siella eller andra relevanta intressen i DanCann Pharma.
29 Den avsedda användningen av likviden från utnyttjandet av teckningsoptionerna förutsätter att samtliga teckningsoptioner tecknas 
     och utnyttjas.
AVSNITT 4 – nyckelinformation om erbjudandet av värdepapper till allmänheten
4.1
Under vilka villkor och 
vilken tidsplan kan jag 
investera i detta värde-
papper?
Erbjudandet
Befintliga aktieägare, allmänheten och professionella investerare i Sverige och Danmark bjuds härmed 
in till att teckna units i Bolaget under perioden 31 oktober 2022 till 11 november 2022. Bolagets styrelse 
beslutade den 21 oktober 2022, med stöd av bemyndigande från extra bolagsstämman den 20 
september 2022, att genomföra Emission av Units och att öka aktiekapitalet med högst 1 779 267,750 
DKK genom nyemission av högst 47 447 140 Nya Aktier, var och en med ett nominellt värde om 0,0375 
DKK, samt emittera högst 28 468 284 Tecknings¬optioner. Den maximala emissionslikviden vid Units 
uppgår till högst cirka 28,5 miljoner DKK. Kostnaden för den initiala Emissionen av Units uppgår till cirka 
6 miljoner DKK. Kostnaden för fullt utnyttjande av de Nya Teckningsoptionerna uppgår till cirka 0,15–1,9 
miljoner DKK.
Högst 4 744 714 units kommer att emitteras och teckningskursen i emissionen kommer att vara 6,00 
DKK per unit. En (1) unit består av tio (10) Nya Aktier och sex (6) Nya Teckningsoptioner, utgivna ve-
derlagsfritt. En (1) Ny Teckningsoption ger rätt att teckna en (1) aktie i Bolaget för Teckningsoptionens 
Lösenpris under Teckningsoptionens Utnyttjandeperiod.
Prenumerationspris
Teckningskursen är 6,00 DKK per unit.  DanCann Pharma kommer inte att ta ut några avgifter av inves-
terare för att teckna Erbjudandet, men en mäklaravgift kan förekomma.
Teckningstiden
Teckningsperioden för units inleds den 31 oktober 2022 kl. 9.00 CET och avslutas den 11 november 
2022 kl. 17.00 CET.
Teckningsförbindelser och garantiåtaganden
DanCann Pharma har i augusti 2022 erhållit teckningsförbindelser och garantiåtaganden om cirka 21,9 
miljoner DKK, vilket motsvarar cirka 77 procent av den initiala emissionsvolymen, varav cirka 2,3 miljoner 
DKK utgörs av teckningsförbindelser och cirka 19,6 miljoner DKK utgörs av garantiåtaganden.
Nya teckningsoptioner 
En (1) Ny Teckningsoption ger rätt att teckna en (1) ny Aktie under utnyttjandeperioden för New 
Warrants, som kommer att äga rum från och med den 16 maj 2023 till och med den 31 maj 2023.  
Lösenpriset för de Nya Teckningsoptionerna kommer att vara 70 procent av den volymvägda gen-
omsnittskursen under perioden om tio handelsdagar fram till men exklusive den andra handelsdagen 
före den första dagen av utnyttjandeperioden för de Nya Teckningsoptionerna. Lösenpriset för de Nya 
Teckningsoptionerna får dock inte understiga kvotvärdet, det vill säga 0,0375 DKK, eller överstiga 1,20 
DKK per aktie.  Om samtliga Nya Teckningsoptioner utnyttjas under denna period kommer Bolaget att 
tillföras ytterligare cirka 1–34,2 miljoner DKK före emissionskostnader. 
Offentliggörande av utfallet av emissionen
Utfallet av Erbjudandet kommer att kommuniceras i ett pressmeddelande från bolaget som förväntas 
offentliggöras via Spotlight senast tre handelsdagar efter teckningsperiodens utgång och som därför 
förväntas offentliggöras den 16 november 2022.
Utspädning
Per Prospektdagen hade Bolagets registrerade aktiekapital ett nominellt värde om 1 067 560,8375 DKK 
fördelat på 28 468 289 Befintliga Aktier med ett nominellt värde om 0,037500 DKK. Alla Befintliga Aktier 
emitteras och betalas fullt ut, och varje Befintlig Aktie representerar 1 röst. Vid emission av andelarna 
kan andelen av ägandet i de Befintliga Aktieägarna komma att minskas. Om de Befintliga Aktieägarna 
avstår från att utnyttja företrädesrätt som tilldelats dem i samband med Erbjudandet kommer varje 
Befintlig Aktieägares ägande att spädas ut med cirka 62,50 procent. Om de Befintliga Aktieägarna väljer 
att delvis utnyttja de företrädesrätter som tilldelats dem kommer utspädningstakten att uppgå till mel-
lan 0 och 62,5 procent beroende på utnyttjandet. Om de Befintliga Aktieägarna utnyttjar sin företrädes-
rätt till fullo kommer de inte att spädas ut.
Emissionskostnader
Den totala kostnaden för den initiala delen av Unitemissionen uppgår till cirka 5,4 miljoner DKK, vilket 
motsvarar cirka 19 procent av den initiala emissionsvolymen. Givet en full teckningsgrad av teckning-
soptionerna serie TO2 uppgår kostnaden till cirka 0,15–1,8 miljoner DKK, motsvarande cirka 5,3–14,4 
procent av teckningsoptionernas emissionsvolym. Den totala kostnaden uppgår därmed till cirka 
5,5–7,2 miljoner DKK, vilket motsvarar cirka 12–19 procent av den totala emissionsvolymen.
Potential payable fees
Eventuella avgifter som ska betalas
Clearing och avveckling sker inom ramen för VP:s system i Danmark. Detta kan innebära att banker och 
chefer som inte är medlemmar i VP i Danmark kan komma att ta ut en administrativ avgift för teckning 
i DanCann Pharmas nyemission av Units. Därutöver kan arvode, i form av förmedlingsavgift, tas ut för 
handel med DanCann Pharmas Aktie och/eller teckningsoptioner.