--- Page 1 ---
Danish Ship Finance A/S 
(domiciled in Denmark as a Danish limited liability company, CVR no. 27492649) 
 
Base prospectus for the issuance of covered bonds, ship mortgage bonds and senior secured bonds  
 
On the basis of this base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”), prepared in accordance with the regulation of the European Par-
liament and the Council (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”), Danish Ship Finance A/S (the “Issuer”, 
the “Company” or “Danish Ship Finance”) will from time to time issue covered bonds (in Danish: særligt dækkede obliga-
tioner) (“Ship Covered Bonds” or “SCBs”), ship mortgage bonds (in Danish: skibskreditobligationer) (“Ship Mortgage 
Bonds” or “SMBs”) and senior secured bonds issued pursuant to Section 2j of the Danish Consolidated Act no. 1873 of 5 
December 2023 on a Ship Finance Institute, as amended (the “Act”) (in Danish: lov om et skibsfinansieringsinstitut) (“Senior 
Secured Bonds” and together with SCBs and SMBs (“Bonds”) in each case in accordance with the Act, and the Executive Order 
no. 668 of 1 June 2023 on a Ship Finance Institute, (the “Executive Order”) (in Danish: bekendtgørelse om et skibsfinansiering-
sinstitut). The Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus according to Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and has been 
prepared in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation and related delegated regulations with the purpose of offering information 
about the Issuer and the Bonds to be issued under this Base Prospectus. No maximum issuance amount or outstanding amount 
has been defined under the Base Prospectus. 
 
SCBs and SMBs are issued with a view to financing loans collateralised by ship mortgages. Senior Secured Bonds may be issued 
to provide supplementary collateral or to increase the overcollateralisation of the Issuer’s capital centre. Bonds may be denomi-
nated in any legally valid currency declared by the Issuer and may carry interest at a fixed or floating rate. 
 
For Bonds issued under the Base Prospectus, an application may be submitted for trading and possibly listing on a regulated 
market (as defined by the European Parliament’s and the Council’s Directive 2014/65 EU on markets in financial instruments, 
as amended (the “MiFID II”)) in Denmark. References in the Base Prospectus to Bonds being “listed” (and all similar references) 
shall mean that such Bonds have been included on the official list and been admitted to trading on a regulated market according 
to MiFID II. Bonds are issued and registered in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry electronic (book-entry) form at VP 
Securities A/S (branded as “Euronext Securities Copenhagen” and referred to on the following as “VP”) and are settled through 
VP. 
 
Unless otherwise announced, the Base Prospectus shall be valid for 12 months from the approval date of the Base Prospectus as 
the basis for Bonds to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and/or offered to 
the public in the EEA, except for the cases where an exception is in force under Article 1(4) and/or Article 3(2) of the Prospectus 
Regulation. The obligation to prepare a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of a material new circumstance, error or 
inaccuracy shall not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
 
The Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933 (“U.S. Securities Act”) and may be 
subject to US tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, the Bonds may not be offered, sold, distributed or delivered 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, “US persons” (as defined in Regulation S of the U.S. Securities 
Act). The Bonds may be offered and sold outside the United States to non-US persons according to Regulation S of the U.S. 
Securities Act. For a description of certain restrictions for the supply, offer, sale and delivery of the Bonds and of distribution of 
the Base Prospectus and other offer documents relating to the Bonds, see section 13 “SALES AND TRADING RE-
STRICTIONS” of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Information on the Bonds’ currency, denomination, number and interest rate and other information that applies to an ISIN code 
(“ISIN code”) for Bonds issued under the Base Prospectus will be stated in the relevant final terms (“Final Terms”). 
 
The Issuer currently has an issuer rating of BBB+ (stable) from the international rating agency S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited (“S&P”). The Issuer’s SCBs from a capital centre named (“Capital Centre A”) have an S&P programme rating of A 
(stable). The Issuer’s SMBs issued from the “institute in general” (“Institute in General”) have an S&P programme rating of A 
(stable). The rating of any Senior Secured Bonds issued by the Company is expected to reflect the Issuer’s issuer rating.  
 
S&P is established in the European Union (“EU”) and registered according to regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council, as amended, on the date of the Base Prospectus. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
own securities and may at any time be suspended, lowered or withdrawn by the relevant credit rating agency. The Issuer may 
decide not to have the issued Bonds rated. The Issuer may choose to terminate the cooperation on rating with S&P or choose

--- Page 2 ---
2
other credit rating agencies. The expected rating at the time of issuance of the Bonds will appear in the Final Terms of the Bonds 
in question. 
 
This Base Prospectus, including the Final Terms of the Bonds in question, is not intended to provide the sole basis of any 
credit or other evaluation and does not constitute a recommendation to subscribe for or purchase Bonds issued in ac-
cordance with this Base Prospectus. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus and/or the Final Terms of the Bonds in ques-
tion must make his or her own assessment of the Bonds and of the Issuer on the basis of the contents of this Base Pro-
spectus, all documents incorporated by reference herein, the Final Terms of each offer under this Base Prospectus and 
any supplements to this Base Prospectus. Prospective investors should read section 2 “RISK FACTORS” of this Base 
Prospectus carefully and make their own independent investigation of the financial position and affairs and their own 
appraisal of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and (if applicable) any relevant capital centre. Each investor should make 
sure that they understand the terms and conditions of the Bonds as well as the extent of their exposure to risk, and make 
sure that they assess the suitability of the Bonds as an investment in light of their own circumstances and financial situa-
tion. Each investor must also assess any possible legal implications, including but not limited to any potential tax impli-
cations on subscription, purchase or sale of the Bonds issued in accordance with this Base Prospectus and consult their 
own advisers with respect to the consequences thereof. 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 9 July 2024

--- Page 3 ---
3
Table of contents 
1 
Introduction ................................................................................................................................ 4 
2 
Risk factors ................................................................................................................................. 7 
3 
Responsibility statement ........................................................................................................... 18 
4 
Legislative framework for the Issuer’s activities ..................................................................... 20 
5 
Terms and Conditions ............................................................................................................... 30 
6 
Template for Final Terms ......................................................................................................... 41 
7 
Information incorporated in the Base Prospectus by reference ................................................ 47 
8 
Use of proceeds ........................................................................................................................ 48 
9 
About the Issuer ........................................................................................................................ 49 
10 
Board of Directors and Executive Board of the Issuer ............................................................. 56 
11 
Taxation .................................................................................................................................... 60 
12 
Offering, price determination, sale, registration and execution, etc. ........................................ 62 
13 
Sales and trading restrictions .................................................................................................... 65 
14 
General information .................................................................................................................. 69

--- Page 4 ---
4
1 
Introduction 
 
Introduction to the Base Prospectus 
The Base Prospectus is a base prospectus in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. The purpose of the Base Prospectus is 
to provide the information about the Issuer and the Bonds covered by the Base Prospectus that, according to the nature of the 
Issuer and the Bonds covered by the Base Prospectus, is considered necessary for investors to form a qualified opinion of the 
Issuer's (or the relevant capital centre’s) assets and liabilities, financial position, results and future prospects as well as the rights 
that are associated with the bonds offered. Investors must form their own opinion of whether the Bonds constitute a suitable 
investment for them. 
 
Ship Covered Bonds (SCBs) are issued according to Section 2d of the Act, Ship Mortgage Bonds (SMBs) are issued according 
to Section 2a of the Act and Senior Secured Bonds are issued according to Section 2j of the Act.  
 
Any reference in this Base Prospectus to “Bonds” applies to all types of securities issued under this Base Prospectus, i.e. SCBs, 
SMBs and Senior Secured Bonds. Investors holding Bonds, including nominees and/or custodians, are referred to as (“Bond-
holders”). Where in this Base Prospectus the terms “covered bonds”, “ship mortgage bonds” or “senior secured bonds” are 
written without capital letters, they describe the type of security in general, i.e. the text applies to securities issued under this 
Base Prospectus as well as that type of security in general. 
 
All references in the Base Prospectus to “DKK” shall mean Danish kroner, which is the official currency of the Kingdom of 
Denmark at the time of the approval of the Base Prospectus. All references in the Base Prospectus to “USD” shall mean United 
States dollar, which is the official currency of the United States of America. All references to “EUR” shall mean euro, which 
designates the single European currency, which is used by the member states participating in the third stage of the Economic and 
Monetary Union. 
 
The outstanding number of Bonds issued under the Base Prospectus fluctuates dependent on the Issuer’s requirements. The 
volumes of Bonds in circulation appear, with reference to relevant ISIN codes, on www.nasdaqomxnordic.com. 
 
In this Base Prospectus, “Final Terms” shall refer to the final terms that, read in the context of the Base Prospectus and infor-
mation incorporated by references, apply to an ISIN code for Bonds issued under the Base Prospectus. 
 
This Base Prospectus shall be read in the context of all documents that are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus and 
the Final Terms for the various Bonds. See section 7 “INFORMATION INCORPORATED IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS BY 
REFERENCE” and section 6 “TEMPLATE FOR FINAL TERMS”. In addition to the documents that by reference are included 
in the Base Prospectus, information on the websites that the Base Prospectus refers to shall not be included or incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus, and the information has not been reviewed or approved by the Danish Financial Supervisory 
Authority (the “DFSA”). 
 
 
Introduction to the sale and trading of the Bonds 
Any offering of Bonds in any other member state of the EEA than Denmark will be carried out according to an exemption from 
the requirement to publish a prospectus for the offering of securities according to the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, any 
person who makes or intends to make an offering of the Bonds in the EEA member state in question will only be able to do so 
in the event where no obligation arises for the Issuer to publish a prospectus according to the Prospectus Regulation or to prepare 
a supplement to a prospectus prepared according to the Prospectus Regulation, in each case in connection with such an offering. 
The Issuer has not consented to or in any other way approved that an offering be made of Bonds in circumstances where an 
obligation arises for the Issuer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such an offering. 
 
In connection with an offering of Bonds to the public that is not exempted from the requirement in the Prospectus Regulation to 
publish a prospectus, any financial intermediary who uses this Base Prospectus to offer Bonds shall be obliged to inform investors 
of the terms and conditions prevailing at the time of the offering. Financial intermediaries using this Base Prospectus are also 
under the obligation to state on their website that they use this Base Prospectus in accordance with the related consent and its 
conditions. 
 
No persons have been authorised to give information or to make any representation other than those contained in this Base 
Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of Bonds, and if such information or representation has been given or made, such 
information or representation may not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer in relation to an issuance of Bonds.

--- Page 5 ---
5
Neither the distribution of this Base Prospectus nor any offering, sale or delivery of any Bonds creates, under any circumstances, 
any indication that there have not been any changes in the affairs of the Issuer since the date of this Base Prospectus or since the 
date upon which this Base Prospectus was last supplemented, or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position 
of the Issuer since the date of this Base Prospectus or since the date upon which this Base Prospectus was last supplemented, or 
that any other information supplied in connection with this Base Prospectus is correct at any time subsequent to the date on 
which it is given. 
 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms of the Bonds in question and the offering, sale or delivery of the 
Bonds may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer presumes that persons who get possession of this Base Pro-
spectus and/or the Final Terms of the Bonds in question issued inform themselves about and observe any such relevant re-
strictions.  
 
 
The Benchmark Regulation 
Amounts payable to holders of floating-rate Bonds may, if stated in the relevant Final Terms, be calculated on the basis of a 
reference rate. If such a reference rate constitutes a ‘benchmark’ according to Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council, as amended, (the “Benchmark Regulation”), it will be stated in the Final Terms whether or not 
the reference rate in question is delivered by an administrator, who is listed in the European Securities and Markets Authority’s 
(“ESMA”) register of administrators according to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation. Unless required by law, the Issuer 
does not intend to update the Base Prospectus or relevant Final Terms with new registration status of an administrator, as the 
ESMA’s register of administrators is publicly available. 
 
 
MiFID II product governance/target markets 
The relevant Final Terms, in respect of any Bonds will include a legend titled “MiFID II product governance” which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Bonds are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
 
 
UK MiFIR product governance/target market 
The relevant Final Terms, in respect of any Bonds may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR product governance” which will 
outline the target market assessment in respect of the Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Bonds are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Source-
book (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
 
 
Important – EEA retail investors 
If the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any Bonds includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, 
the Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 
(as amended) (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as de-
fined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Conse-
quently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) no. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
 
Important – United Kingdom retail investors 
If the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any Bonds includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail 
Investors”, the Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or

--- Page 6 ---
6
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a “retail investor” means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not 
a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the “UK Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Bonds or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 7 ---
7
2 
Risk factors 
It is the assessment of the Issuer that the circumstances described below represent the risk factors considered to be material and 
specific to the Issuer and/or the Notes. If one or more of the below-mentioned circumstances occur, this may have an adverse 
effect on the Issuer’s activities, financial position, results and/or reputation, which may cause the Issuer to become unable to pay 
interest, principal or other amounts due on or in connection with some or all Bonds and consequently Bondholders may, in part 
or in full, lose their investment in the Bonds. In addition, each of the risks highlighted below could adversely affect the trading 
price of the Bonds or the rights of investors under the Bonds, and, as a result, Bondholders could lose some or all of their 
investment. Additional risks and uncertainties, including risks that are not known to the Issuer at present or that the Issuer cur-
rently deems immaterial or less likely to materialise, may also arise or become material or more likely to materialise in the future.  
 
Risk factors are grouped into two sections. The first section covers risk factors relating to the Issuer that may affect the Issuer’s 
ability to pay amounts due in connection with the Bonds. The second section covers risks relating to the pricing of offered Bonds 
in the market. In addition, with respect to certain risks and uncertainties discussed below, the Issuer has assessed the probability 
of such risk or uncertainty materialising and, if such risk or uncertainty did materialise, the expected impact on the Issuer (the 
“Forward-Looking Assessments”). By their very nature, such Forward-Looking Assessments are inherently uncertain and are 
subject to a wide variety of significant assumptions and business, economic, and competitive risks and uncertainties (including 
events and circumstances that may or may not occur in the future and may not be within the Issuer’s control) that could cause 
actual outcomes to differ materially from the Forward-Looking Assessments. The Issuer urges prospective investors to treat the 
Forward-Looking Assessments with caution and not place undue reliance on the Forward-Looking Assessments. For risk factors 
where there are no comments on the probability of the specific risk occurring, the Issuer has not been able to estimate such 
probability. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur and the Issuer is not in a position to express a 
view on the probability of any such contingency occurring.  
 
The most material risks, as currently assessed by the Issuer, taking into account, (i) the expected magnitude of their negative 
impact on the Issuer and/or the Bonds and (ii) the probability of their occurrence, are set out first in the risk factor categories 
“Risk factors relating to the Issuer that may affect the Issuer’s ability to pay amounts due in connection with the Bonds” and 
“Risks associated with the offered Bonds”.  
 
Prospective Bondholders should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below together with all other information 
contained in this Base Prospectus in its entirety (including documents incorporated by reference) and form their own opinion, 
including consulting own advisers, prior to making any investment decision. 
 
Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalised terms used in this section shall have the meaning given to them in Section 5 ”Terms 
and Conditions” (the “Conditions”). Any reference to a numbered “Condition” is to the correspondingly numbered provision 
thereof. 
 
 
Risk factors relating to the Issuer that may affect the Issuer’s ability to pay amounts due in connection with 
the Bonds 
2.1.1 
Risks related to the general economic and geopolitical conditions  
The Issuer’s business is subject to inherent and indirect risks arising from general and sector-specific economic conditions in the 
markets in which it operates. The Issuer conducts its business activities worldwide and the performance of the Issuer may be 
influenced by both domestic and international economic and political events, including political and military actions. The market 
conditions have also been, and are likely to continue to be, affected by concerns over increased geopolitical tensions, including 
those related to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine (and the related sanctions imposed by the United States, the EU, the U.K., Canada, 
Japan and Australia, among others), the increased tension in the Taiwan strait, and the armed conflict in Gaza and its contagion 
to other countries in the region, including Yemen. Furthermore, global maritime trade flows have been disrupted as vessels 
entering the Gulf of Aden and sailing through the Red Sea have been facing attacks by Yemen-based Houthis. Any significant 
macroeconomic deterioration in the Danish and/or other economies, such as the slowing of economic growth significantly below 
long-term average levels, rising unemployment, reduced corporate profitability, reduced personal income levels, inflationary 
pressures, reduced government and/or consumer expenditure, increased corporate, small and medium-sized enterprises (SME) 
or personal insolvency rates, borrowers’ reduced ability to repay loans, fluctuations in commodity and energy prices, business 
changes in foreign exchange rates and global trade volumes could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results 
of its operations, financial position and/or business prospects and could thereby ultimately cause the Issuer to become unable to 
pay interest, principal or other amounts due on or in connection with some or all Bonds. Most importantly, these macroeconomic 
factors can affect the Issuer through changes in the demand for ship finance in the Danish and international markets and the 
prevailing competitive situation. In addition, macroeconomic factors affect the performance in the Issuer’s investment portfolio.

--- Page 8 ---
8
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has not made any discrete provisions related to macroeconomic or geopolitical 
conditions. 
 
Given that the Issuer’s lending is secured by ship mortgages, the credit risk depends on the performance of the shipping markets 
and the development in ship values. The shipping industry is cyclical, and fluctuations in freight- and charter rates and ship 
values are a known risk in the ship finance market. Supply and demand for individual vessel types, transport needs for different 
cargo types and underlying general economic trends are some of the factors that may affect both borrowers’ ability to repay loans 
as well as the valuations of the vessels that are mortgaged as security for these loans. During such adverse market conditions, 
the Issuer’s exposure to losses will increase, and this may have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s activities, financial position and 
results and could thereby ultimately cause the Issuer to become unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts due on, or in 
connection with, some or all Bonds. 
 
The weakness, or the perceived weakness, of other financial institutions, which could result in significant systemic liquidity 
problems, losses or defaults by other financial institutions or counterparties, could negatively impact the Issuer. The business 
operations of many financial institutions are closely related and interdependent because of credit, trading, clearing and other 
relationships. A deterioration of global financial conditions, market-wide liquidity problems, increased volatility or widening 
credit spreads could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial position and/or pro-
spects. The precise nature of the risks and uncertainties the Issuer faces as a result of current economic and geopolitical conditions 
cannot be predicted and these risks are outside the control of the Issuer. The occurrence of any of these risks could ultimately 
cause the Issuer to become unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts due on or in connection with some or all Bonds. 
 
2.1.2 
Credit risk related to borrowers, counterparties and investments of the Issuer 
Credit risk is the risk of loss caused by the failure of any borrower or other counterparty to fulfil its payment obligations to the 
Issuer. The Issuer’s credit risk relates primarily to its portfolio of ship mortgage loans, and to a lesser extent to the Issuer’s 
holdings of securities and trading in financial instruments with counterparties.  
 
As of 31 December 2023, the Issuer’s Risk Exposure Amount (“REA”) for credit risk amounted to DKK 37,383 million, out of 
the total REA of DKK 42,093 million.  
 
Borrowers 
Since the loans made by the Issuer are secured by ship mortgages, the credit risk depends particularly on developments in the 
shipping markets and the financial positions of the borrowers. If freight rates or ship values drop significantly, this may have an 
adverse effect on the borrowers’ financial situation and ability to make loan payments and, thus, on the Issuer’s financial situa-
tion.  
 
The Issuer’s ability to fulfil its payment obligations under the Bonds may be negatively affected by the borrowers’ ability to 
repay the loans and other credit commitments, which, in turn, may be affected by (among other things) changes to prevailing 
interest rates, changes in the overall economy (nationally and internationally), changes to taxation, changes in inflation and/or 
the political environment in which the Issuer’s borrowers operates in. Defaults or related restructurings by borrowers could have 
an adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial position or prospects.  
 
If a borrower is unable to repay a loan, the value of the Issuer’s security will depend on the value of the mortgaged vessel, and 
the Issuer may have to enforce the mortgage on vessel(s) at a time when the value of the vessel(s) is less than the outstanding 
debt under the loan, which could cause a loss for the Issuer.  
 
The Issuer’s loan portfolio is characterised by concentration at the borrower level. The Issuer is not subject to statutory limits 
from the regime on large exposures to individual borrowers classified as Danish. Therefore, it cannot be ruled out that the bank-
ruptcy or restructuring of a small number of the Issuer’s largest exposures may cause the Issuer to suffer a significant loss.  
 
The Issuer has sought to mitigate concentration risks through diversification of the portfolio at vessel-type level, among other 
things. The effect of diversification at vessel-type level varies with general economic developments and may be lower during a 
recession than during periods of recovery or economic expansion.  
 
The Issuer monitors the insurance coverage of mortgaged vessels closely, and the Issuer therefore considers the risk of insuffi-
cient insurance coverage on mortgaged vessels to be low. A significant negative change in the credit quality of borrowers may 
negatively affect the value of the Issuer’s loans and increase impairment charges and losses.

--- Page 9 ---
9
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer assesses the probability of material losses occurring on a significant number of 
borrowers to an extent that would adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to pay interest, principal or other amounts due on or in 
connection with some or all Bonds as low.  
 
Valuation of ship mortgages 
In its lending operations, the Issuer is dependent on being able to conduct proper market valuations of the mortgaged vessels. 
The market valuations are used, among other things, to determine the loan-to-value ratio of the Issuer’s loans. If valuations 
overstate the value of the vessels, the Issuer may not be able to recover the expected amount from any enforcement action. 
Conducting proper market valuations of the mortgaged vessels may become more complex with the increasing focus on envi-
ronmental, social and governance (ESG) matters within the shipping industry, including the energy efficiency of vessels, which 
may be accelerated by the inclusion of maritime emissions in the EU Emissions Trading System (ETS). In addition, shipping is 
cyclical and fluctuations in the value of vessels are common. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer assesses the 
probability of significant losses occurring from changes to valuation of mortgaged vessels to an extent that would adversely 
affect the Issuer’s ability to pay interest, principal or other amounts due on or in connection with some or all Bonds as low. 
 
Risk pertaining to enforcement  
While enforcements are rare as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has a right to arrest vessels in the event of a 
borrower default. The Issuer will, depending on the jurisdiction where the vessel is arrested, need to obtain either an arrest order 
from the local harbour authority or a court order before initiating the actual enforcement of the ship mortgage through either a 
private sale (which is only available in certain jurisdictions) or a public auction. If a forced sale of vessels takes longer than 
anticipated, or if significant costs are required, it could reduce the funds recovered from such sales, and this may have an adverse 
negative effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operation, financial position and/or prospects and could thereby ultimately 
cause the Issuer to become unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts due on or in connection with some or all Bonds.  
 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer assesses the probability of significant losses occurring in respect of enforcement 
taking longer than anticipated to an extent that would adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to pay interest, principal or other 
amounts due on or in connection with some or all Bonds as low. 
 
Financial counterparties 
Transactions with financial counterparties are made to hedge currency and interest rates and other risks in the capital centres as 
well as in connection with the investment of the Issuer’s own funds and any surplus liquidity from Bonds issued. The transactions 
concern cash deposits, repos and derivatives. Such financial contracts are usually entered into under documentation based on the 
standards from the International Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA) and the International Capital Market Association 
(ICMA). 
 
Financial contracts may involve a risk of loss if the contract has a positive market value for the Issuer and if, at the same time, a 
financial counterparty is unable to perform its obligations under the contract. This type of risk includes settlement risk.  
 
A negative change in the credit quality of the Issuer’s counterparties may negatively affect the value of the Issuer’s assets and 
liabilities and increase the Issuer’s impairment charges and losses. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, it is the Issuer’s 
assessment that the probability of material losses on one or a significant number of financial counterparties occurring to an extent 
that would adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to pay interest, principal or other amounts due on or in connection with some or 
all Bonds as low.  
 
For an overview of the credit risk of the Issuer as of 31 December 2023 reference is made to pages 83-88 of the Danish Ship 
Finance 2023 Annual Report incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. Reference is also made to pages 13-24 of the 
Danish Ship Finance 2023 Risk Report. See 7 “Information incorporated in the Base Prospectus by reference” below. 
 
Investments 
The Issuer regularly invests its own funds as well any surplus liquidity from Bonds issued in securities, most often in the form 
of bonds. There is a risk that the issuers of these bonds will not be able to meet their contractual obligations which in turn may 
have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s activities, financial position and results and could thereby ultimately cause the Issuer to 
become unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts due on or in connection with some or all Bonds. Given the highly rated 
nature of most of these investments as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer assesses that the probability of incurring 
material credit losses on investments to an extent that would adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to pay interest, principal or other 
amounts due on or in connection with some or all Bonds is low as of the date of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 10 ---
10
2.1.3 
Market risk related to adverse developments in market values resulting from fluctuations in interest rates, credit 
spreads, foreign currency exchange rates  
Market risk is the risk of loss following movements in the financial markets (including movements in interest rates, share prices, 
bond prices, credit spreads and foreign exchange rates). 
 
The principal market risks facing the Issuer are associated with the Issuer’s investment portfolio (investment of the Issuer’s own 
funds) and to a lesser extent the placement of any surplus liquidity from Bonds issued. Interest rate risk and spread risk on bonds 
in the investment portfolio are the most significant market risks. The Issuer maintains its investment portfolio to support its 
primary business activities. The Issuer currently funds its lending by issuing SCB’s and SMB’s subject to the specific balance 
principle (in Danish: det specifikke balanceprincip) in accordance with the provisions of the Executive Order no. 1425 of 16 
December 2014 on the issuance of bonds, the balance principle and risk management (“Executive Order on Bond Issuance”) 
(in Danish: bekendtgørelse om obligationsudstedelse, balanceprincip og risikostyring) and has the ability to issue Senior Secured 
Bonds. The Issuer’s surplus liquidity relating to issuance of Bonds and lending is subject to regulatory restrictions on interest 
rate, foreign exchange and liquidity risk and is therefore less exposed to market risks.  
 
Market value fluctuations may also result in losses and have an adverse effect on the income from the Issuer’s primary activities. 
The Issuer’s loan portfolio is largely denominated in currencies other than the currencies of the Bonds. The Issuer therefore seeks 
to hedge market risk through financial contracts. The financial contracts and hedging of risk may not always provide for a 
complete hedge of the Issuer’s risk. Financial contracts are also subject to counterparty risk (see section 2.1.2 “Credit Risk” 
above). 
 
Fluctuations in fixed income and foreign exchange markets, spread and option risk and imperfect hedges may affect the market 
value and liquidity of the Issuer’s assets and liabilities. In addition, the occurrence of such fluctuations may have an adverse 
impact on the revenue generated from the Issuer’s primary activities, which may, in turn, have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
business, results of operations, financial position and/or prospects and could thereby ultimately cause the Issuer to become unable 
to pay interest, principal or other amounts due on or in connection with some or all Bonds. 
 
As most of the Issuer’s loan portfolio is denominated in USD, the Issuer has an ongoing need to convert funds from DKK or 
EUR to USD, which is conducted via currency basis swaps. The opportunities for sourcing USD liquidity rely on efficient capital 
markets and access to financial counterparties. The Issuer’s temporary or permanent loss of ability to convert DKK or EUR 
funding into USD entails a risk of higher financing costs or a loss of business opportunities in case of market disruption. The 
same applies in the event that future Bond issuances by the Issuer is made in another currency than DKK and EUR. The inability 
to convert currency exposure may, in turn, have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial position 
and/or prospects and could thereby ultimately cause the Issuer to become unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts due 
on or in connection with some or all Bonds. Further, an increase in the USD exchange rate v. DKK will result in an increase in 
the value of the risk-weighted assets as calculated in DKK, while the Issuer’s own funds, which are denominated in DKK, will 
remain unchanged. In such a situation, the Issuer’s capital ratios will decrease and this may entail a risk of temporarily higher 
financing cost or a loss of business opportunities. 
 
As of 31 December 2023, the Issuer’s risk exposure amount for market risk amounted to DKK 3,660 million out of the total 
REA of the Issuer of DKK 42,093 million. The Market Risk REA is split across the following categories: 
 
Item 
REA, DKK million 
Position risk related to debt instruments 
3,216 
Position risk related to shares 
18 
Total currency position 
425 
Total Market Risk REA 
3,660 
 
The Issuer conducts daily monitoring in observance of internal guidelines laid down by the Board of Directors setting even 
stricter limits for the market risk than those set by regulation. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer therefore believes 
that the probability of significant loss from these risks affecting the Issuer’s ability to pay interest, principal or other amounts 
due on or in connection with some or all Bonds must be characterised as low.  
 
2.1.4 
Funding and liquidity risk related to funding costs, liquidity and refinancing risk and access to funds  
Liquidity risk is the risk of a lack of access to liquidity and/or higher funding costs, as a result of which the Issuer may not be 
able to continue its operations in their current scope and which may have a negative effect on the Issuer’s business, results of

--- Page 11 ---
11
operations, financial position and/or prospects and could thereby ultimately cause the Issuer to become unable to pay interest, 
principal or other amounts due on or in connection with some or all Bonds. 
 
The Issuer is exposed to a loss of liquidity and possibly an increased need for funding as a consequence of changing exchange 
rates due to the hedging agreements entered into under bilateral collateral agreements (ISDA/CSA) as well as mark-to-mark 
resets on certain derivatives. The increased need for collateral entails a risk of temporarily higher funding costs or a loss of 
business opportunities in the event of a market disruption resulting in a funding and liquidity risk for the Issuer. 
 
The Act and the Executive Order require that issuers of covered bonds, such as the Issuer with respect to issued SCBs, provide 
supplementary collateral in the event that declining ship values reduce the value of the SCBs collateral below the statutory 
lending limits. A decline in ship values could increase the requirement for the Issuer to provide supplementary collateral and 
lead to an increase in the funding needs of the Issuer. A lack of access to supplementary capital or interest-bearing liabilities – 
for example, to Senior Secured Bonds or senior unsecured debt or other credit lines – may also be associated with a direct 
liquidity risk for the Issuer. 
 
Although the Issuer currently funds its lending by issuing SCBs and SMBs subject to the specific balance principle, in accordance 
with the provisions of the Executive Order on Bond Issuance, a liquidity mismatch may appear in the future as loans and SCBs 
and SMBs issued are not matched on a loan-by-loan basis. The Issuer is required by law to ensure that any liquidity deficit can 
be covered by the Issuer’s own funds. 
 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer assesses that the probability of a lack of access to liquidity and/or higher funding 
costs occurring to an extent that would adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to pay interest, principal or other amounts due on or 
in connection with some or all Bonds to be low.  
 
2.1.5 
Risks related to the operations, business, conduct and reputation of the Issuer 
The Issuer is subject to operational risk. Operational risk may arise from human errors, system faults, breakdown of IT systems, 
inadequate or defective internal procedures or external events like conduct and legal risks, operational failures or fraud committed 
by business partners. Further, the Issuer faces risks relating to reputation and strategy, including adverse publicity with a corre-
sponding falling market share, incorrect implementation of legislation, IT system breakdowns at a critical time, etc.  
 
The Issuer’s business and other activities (including those performed by the Issuer), are increasingly dependent on highly ad-
vanced IT systems. Examples of operational risk incidents include fraud or other illegal or unethical conduct, failure to have 
policies and procedures and controls in place to prevent, detect and report incidents of non-compliance with applicable laws or 
regulations, claims relating to inadequate products, inadequate documentation, insufficient data quality, errors in transaction 
processing, system failures, as well as the inability to retain and attract key personnel. 
 
The Issuer may be the target of malicious hacking with consequences in the form of shutdown of individual or all IT systems. 
Consequences of a malicious hacker attack may include financial losses, business disruption, inability to issue bonds, inability 
to service payments on time and loss of data or other sensitive information. 
 
The Issuer cannot ensure that errors, failures, business or service interruptions or security breaches as a result of fraud, human 
error or omissions will not occur.  
 
The Issuer handles operational risk by way of a set of procedures and controls as well as IT and business contingency plans to 
minimise the risks and to ensure well-operating processes and thus reduce the probability and consequence of operational risks 
materialising and potential conflicts of interest. However, if any of these procedures and controls or contingency plans fail, it 
may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s reputation. It may also result in regulatory investigations or sanctions being 
imposed and the Issuer may be exposed to additional costs and liabilities. This could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
reputation, business, results of operations, financial position, and/or prospects and could thereby ultimately cause the Issuer to 
become unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts due on, or in connection with, some or all Bonds. 
 
As of 31 December 2023, the Issuer’s risk exposure amount for operational risk amounted to DKK 1,050 million out of the total 
REA of the Issuer of DKK 42,093 million. 
 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer assesses that the probability of significant losses incurred as a result of the 
events set out above to an extent that would adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to pay interest, principal or other amounts due 
on or in connection with some or all Bonds to be low.

--- Page 12 ---
12
2.1.6 
Regulatory risk  
The Issuer is subject to extensive legislative requirements and supervision. Non-compliance can give rise to enforcement action 
including orders, fines, or other sanctions and may have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s financial position and could thereby 
ultimately cause the Issuer to become unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts due on some or all Bonds.  
 
The Issuer is subject to Danish law in the form of the Act and the Executive Order as well as other relevant regulation. 
 
Furthermore, a substantial part of the financial regulation emanates from the European Commission, the European Central Bank 
(“ECB”), the European Banking Authority (“EBA”) and ESMA and part of the European Systemic Risk Board (“ESRB”) as 
well as the Joint Committee of the European Supervisory Authorities. The Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the 
“BCBS”) also plays an important role in relation to the drafting of European regulations.  
 
Even though the Issuer follows the work of the ECB, the EBA, the ESMA, the ESRB, the Joint Committee of the European 
Supervisory Authorities, the BCBS, the Commission, the Danish legislators and the DFSA closely and consistently monitor the 
development in the regulation of financial enterprises, regulation may be subject to changes and/or interpretation by authorities. 
The Issuer operates internationally, serving clients in multiple jurisdictions, in an industry that is subject to highly complex and 
changeable regulation. Laws and regulations and the manner in which laws and regulations are enforced or interpreted, may 
change from time to time. There is a risk that the Issuer could inadvertently fail to comply with applicable law in the jurisdiction 
where a client is incorporated. Changes of law or its interpretation could have a material adverse effect on the business results 
of operations or financial condition of the Issuer or the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Bonds should such 
regulatory risks materialise.  
 
2.1.7 
Risks related to an increase in the Issuer’s capital requirements and/or REA 
The Issuer is subject to regulatory capital requirements, including a minimum own funds requirement, an individual solvency 
requirement, leverage requirements and a combined capital buffer requirement (see section 4.8 “Provisions on capital adequacy” 
below)).  
 
The own funds, capital and leverage requirements applicable to the Issuer are, by their nature, calculated by reference to a number 
of factors any one of which or combination of which may not be easily observable or reproducible of calculation by investors. 
The leverage ratio or any of the minimum own funds requirement, the individual solvency requirements or the combined buffer 
requirement applicable to the Issuer may be amended in the future to include new and more onerous capital requirements, which 
in turn may affect the Issuer’s capacity to pay interest, principal or other amounts due in connection with some or all Bonds. 
 
Regulation (EU) 2019/630 of 17 April 2019 regarding minimum loss coverage for non-performing exposures (the “NPE Back-
stop Regulation”) amending the CRR concerns requirements for minimum loss coverage for non-performing exposures 
(“NPEs”) has recently begun to affect the capital requirements of the Issuer. Pursuant to the NPE Backstop Regulation, for all 
NPEs, a minimum coverage must be calculated and this must be compared with the loan impairment charges made in respect of 
the relevant NPE. If the minimum coverage exceeds the loan impairment charges made, this results in a deduction in the Issuer’s 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital, corresponding to the difference (referred to as the “NPE backstop”). The NPE Backstop Regu-
lation and the NPE backstop applies to exposures originated from 26 April 2019 and to exposures originated prior to 26 April 
2019 where the terms and conditions of such exposure have been modified. The minimum coverage is increasing the longer the 
exposure is in default and the minimum coverage on unsecured exposures is generally higher than on exposures secured by 
collateral. The minimum coverage is 100 per cent. of the exposure in the 10th year after the exposure is categorised as a NPE. 
Following a revision of the Executive Order effective 1 July 2023, mortgages on vessels can be attributed regulatory value for 
the purpose of the NPE Backstop Regulation. The Issuer has implemented the NPE Backstop Regulation in its credit risk man-
agement systems and closely monitors any development in NPEs. The shipping industry is a cyclical industry where recovery of 
NPEs may take several years, which is a factor that may result in an additional negative impact of the NPE backstop. 
 
If the Issuer has, or is perceived to have, a shortage of own funds, the Issuer’s Recovery Plan may be triggered and it may become 
subject to regulatory interventions and sanctions by the DFSA (including, those set out in Chapter 15 of the Consolidated Act 
no. 1731 of 5 December 2023 on Financial Business, as amended (the "FBA") (in Danish: lov om finansiel virksomhed) on 
cessation) and may suffer a loss of confidence in the market with the result that access to sources of liquidity and funding may 
become constrained, more expensive or unavailable. This may, in turn, have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s reputation, business, 
results of operations, financial position and/or prospects and could thereby ultimately cause the Issuer to become unable to pay 
interest, principal or other amounts due on or in connection with some or all Bonds.

--- Page 13 ---
13
Due to and taking into account that compliance with capital requirements is subject to regulators’ and supervisory authorities’, 
including the DFSA’s, regulatory interventions, interpretations and sanctions, which is beyond the control and the predictions of 
the Issuer, it is not possible for the Issuer to reasonably assess the probability of the occurrence of this factor. 
 
2.1.8 
Risk relating to anti-money laundering, counter-terrorist financing, anti-bribery and sanctions regulations 
The Issuer is required to comply with applicable anti-money laundering, anti-terrorism, sanctions, anti-bribery and other laws 
and regulations. These extensive laws and regulations require the Issuer, among other things, to adopt and enforce “know your 
customer” policies and procedures and to report suspicions of money laundering and terrorist financing, and, in some countries, 
specific transactions to the applicable regulatory authorities. These laws and regulations have become increasingly complex and 
detailed, requiring adequate systems and sophisticated monitoring and compliance personnel, and have become the subject of 
enhanced government and regulatory supervision. Failure to comply with these extensive laws and regulations may result in the 
imposition of fines and other penalties on the Issuer (including, those set out in Chapter 15 of the FBA on cessation) and the 
Issuer’s business and reputation could also suffer if customers use it for money laundering, financing of terrorism, or other illegal 
or improper purposes. This may have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s reputation, business, results of operations, financial posi-
tion and/or prospects and could thereby ultimately cause the Issuer to become unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts 
due on or in connection with some or all Bonds  
 
The Issuer does not operate as an account-holding bank, handle physical cash or facilitate payments between payers and payees, 
why the Issuer assesses the probability of losses occurring relating to money laundering to an extent that would adversely affect 
the Issuer’s ability to pay interest, principal or other amounts due on or in connection with some or all Bonds to be low.  
 
The Issuer’s activities relating to the provision of financing to vessels in Denmark and on a global level entails risk associated 
with terrorist financing, anti-bribery and sanctions regulations. In particular, vessels for which the Issuer has provided financing 
may become subject to sanctions. The Issuer monitors ongoing compliance with international regulations within this area closely. 
Given the high level of complexity and the increased use of sanctions as a foreign policy tool the Issuer assesses the probability 
of losses occurring in connection with such risk to be moderate while the Issuer as of the date of this Base Prospectus assess the 
risks that such losses would be of a magnitude that would adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to pay interest, principal or other 
amounts due on or in connection with some or all Bonds to be low.  
 
2.1.9 
Operating risk on assets taken in possession by the Issuer may result in the Issuer suffering losses  
The Issuer may, under certain circumstances, take possession of mortgaged vessels, in which case the Issuer may assume an 
operating risk in respect of the vessels in question during an interim period until the vessels are sold and delivered. As part of 
the operating risk assumed, the Issuer may also bear the risk of shipwreck or environmental liability that has not been covered 
by insurance.  
 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer assesses that the probability of such risks occurring to an extent that would 
adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to pay interest, principal or other amounts due on or in connection with some or all Bonds to 
be low. The Issuer has no assets in possession at the date of this Base Prospectus. In the case of inadequate insurance coverage 
in such cases, notwithstanding the Issuer’s policies regarding insurance, the Issuer may suffer a loss that may have a negative 
effect on the Issuer's activities, financial position, results and reputation and could thereby ultimately cause the Issuer to become 
unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts due on or in connection with some or all Bonds. 
 
2.1.10 
Transfer of funds between capital centres 
The Issuer has the right, at any time and without notice or consent from Bondholders, to segregate and transfer loans, securities 
and derivatives to another capital centre provided that substitute assets are procured.  
 
The rules on a minimum level of capital also apply to each capital centre. The Issuer has established Capital Centre A for the 
issuance of SCBs, while SMBs are issued out of the Institute in General. The Issuer can transfer funds (overcollateralisation) 
between Capital Centre A and the Institute in General, and funds can also be transferred from the Institute in General to Capital 
Centre A to meet the capital centre’s solvency requirement, requirement of supplementary collateral or further overcollaterali-
sation requirements, among other things due to the rating of the Bonds, provided that the solvency requirement of the Institute 
in General will also subsequently be met. A decline in the value of the assets of a capital centre may also have an effect on the 
payments to the holders of Senior Secured Bonds, if any, which rank below SCBs and SMBs in the order of priority of creditors.

--- Page 14 ---
14
In the case of the bankruptcy of the Issuer, the Bondholders will only have a claim against the Issuer under the general Danish 
law of damages for any loss suffered by the Bondholder as a result of the transfer of funds from one capital centre to another. 
 
At the date of this Base Prospectus the Issuer has maintained a material overcollateralization above the minimum capital require-
ment, and any declines in the value of the assets of a capital centre have so far not threatened the ability to pay interest, principal 
or other amounts due on or in connection with any Bonds the payments to the Bondholder. However, if such declines materialise 
they could thereby ultimately cause the Issuer to become unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts due on, or in connec-
tion with, some or all Bonds. 
 
 
Risks associated with the offered Bonds 
2.2.1 
Risks relating to credit ratings  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has a S&P issuer credit rating of BBB+ (stable). The Issuer’s SCBs from Capital 
Centre A have an S&P programme rating of A (stable). The Issuer’s SMBs from the Institute in General have an S&P programme 
rating of A (stable). The rating of any Senior Secured Bonds issued from the Institute in General or Capital Centre A is expected 
to reflect the Issuer’s issuer credit rating.  
 
S&P as of the date of this Base Prospectus maintains a stable outlook for the Issuer’s credit ratings. S&P’s credit rating outlook 
assesses the potential direction of an issuer’s long-term rating over the intermediate term, but a rating outlook is not necessarily 
predictive of a rating change or future rating action by S&P. S&P states that a future negative credit rating action can stem from, 
e.g. the Issuer’s increased risk appetite due to a significant deterioration in the shipping industry or a marked worsening of 
funding and liquidity metrics. These credit ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risk related to the structure, market, 
additional factors discussed in this section and other factors that may affect the value of the Bonds or the financial standing of 
the Issuer. 
 
S&P may, at any time, change the methodology/principles applied to the credit rating of the Issuer and the Bonds, and this may 
result in material changes to previously assigned ratings. Such action may result in increased costs of capital and may have a 
negative effect on the Issuer's activities, financial position, results and reputation. This could ultimately cause the Issuer to be-
come unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts due on or in connection with any Bonds. 
 
In accordance with S&P methodology, the Issuer’s credit ratings may also decline if the credit rating of the Kingdom of Denmark 
is downgraded even for reasons wholly separate from the Issuer’s activities. 
 
S&P may at any time revise, suspend or withdraw a credit rating assigned by it if, in the judgement of S&P, the credit quality of 
the Bonds or the Issuer, as the case may be, has declined or is questioned. If a credit rating assigned to the Bonds and/or the 
Issuer is downgraded, suspended, withdrawn, and/or the Issuer terminates its business relationship with one or more credit rating 
agencies, it could adversely affect the trading price of the Bonds and, as a result, investors could lose some or all of their invest-
ment. 
 
The Issuer can, at any time, choose to cancel its cooperation with S&P, which could have the consequence that the Bonds are no 
longer rated, unless the Issuer chooses to be rated by one or several other credit rating agencies. If a Bond would no longer be 
rated it could adversely affect the trading price of the Bond.  As a result, investors could lose some or all of their investment. 
 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the Regulation (EC) no. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as 
amended (the “CRA Regulation”) from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been 
withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general restriction will also 
apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are 
endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the third country rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to 
transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by 
ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating 
agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating 
agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list. If the status of the rating agency rating the Bonds changes for the purposes 
of the CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes in the EEA, 
and the Bonds may have a different regulatory treatment, which may impact the value of the Bonds and their liquidity in the 
secondary market.

--- Page 15 ---
15
2.2.2 
Risk relating to ESG and sustainability 
Investors may put increasing emphasis on the inclusion of environmental, social and governance ("ESG") factors when making 
their investment decisions, including those related to the Bonds. In particular, some investors are promoting investment strategies 
where they on an ongoing basis make determinations as to which assets they consider to be "sustainable".  
 
With a declared ambition to support the green transition, the Issuer is working proactively with sustainability in shipping and 
assigns sustainability ratings to all clients. Furthermore, the Issuer is actively engaged in various sector initiatives relating to the 
environmental impact of ship financing. In particular, the Issuer is a founding signatory to the Poseidon Principles through which 
the Issuer reports alignment on financed vessels with carbon emission reduction trajectories set by the International Maritime 
Organization.  
 
Furthermore, the enactment and implementation of Directive (EU) 2022/2464 of 14 December 2022, amending Regulation (EU) 
No. 537/2014, Directive 2004/109/EC, Directive 2006/43/EC and Directive 2013/34/EU, with regards to corporate sustainability 
(the "CSRD"), will subject the Issuer to non-financial disclosure requirements. The reporting requirements from the CSRD may 
entail that previously non-reported information will be reported and disclosed. 
 
The determinations of what constitutes sustainable investments may vary substantially between investors and may be the result 
of internal analysis, regulation or guidance that specific investors are subject to, and/or guided by ratings offered by ESG rating 
agencies. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has not solicited any ESG rating but has been assigned such a rating 
from at least one ESG rating agency. ESG rating agencies may at any time revise, suspend or withdraw an ESG rating. Similarly, 
the increased disclosure from the Issuer, either voluntarily or as the result of the CSRD, may affect determinations ESG rating 
agencies and/or investors make as to the sustainability profile of the Issuer. 
 
Changes to investors' perception of what constitutes sustainable investments may impact the value of the Bonds and their liquidity 
in the secondary market. 
2.2.3 
Risks associated with the structure of SCBs and SMBs 
2.2.3.1 
Early redemption  
The Issuer reserves the right to effect early redemption in the following cases: 
- 
In the event of a negative interest coupon, the Issuer will have a claim against the Bondholders equivalent to the absolute 
value of the negative interest coupon. In such a case, the Issuer will be entitled, but not required, free of charge to 
redeem Bonds for settlement at par value, equivalent to a value of up to the nominal negative interest coupon. The 
Bondholders’ payment of the negative interest coupon will be made by set-off against the redeemed Bonds. In case of 
extraordinary redemption at par value, the nominal redemption amount may deviate from the amount that could have 
been obtained if the redeemed Bonds had been sold in the market. The proceeds from the redemption will fall due for 
payment to the Bondholders on the due date of the payment period. The Issuer must calculate the total redemption to 
be made before the redemption. 
- 
The Issuer reserves the right to redeem the Bonds, in full or in part, before maturity, or alternatively, to offer investors 
an exchange of their existing Bonds for new Bonds, in full or in part, if the terms of the loans financed by the Bonds 
are changed as a result of legislative amendments, orders issued by the authorities and/or changes in market conditions. 
Redemption by the Issuer of the Bonds may take place at the prevailing market price of the Bond issued under the 
relevant ISIN in the event of early redemption immediately or later. This may have an adverse impact on the Issuer’s 
business and at the pricing of the Bonds. 
 
2.2.3.2 
Non-compliance with the balance principle 
According to the Executive Order on Bond Issuance, the Issuer must observe a balance principle (in Danish: balanceprincippet) 
and may choose either a general balance principle (Chapter 2 of the Executive Order on Bond Issuance) or a specific balance 
principle (Chapter 3 of the Executive Order on Bond Issuance). The SCBs and SMBs are issued in accordance with the specific 
balance principle. Should Senior Secured Bonds be issued in a capital centre, they would be subject to the balance principle of 
that capital centre.  
 
In accordance with the balance principle, the Issuer must manage its capital centres in a manner that ensures an appropriate 
balance between the payment streams under the outstanding assets and liabilities of the capital centres in terms of currency, 
interest rate and maturity structure. Financial contracts may be concluded for the purpose of hedging interest rate and currency 
risks stemming from imbalances between the assets and liabilities of the capital centre. The Executive Order on Bond Issuances 
requires each counterparty to any such financial contracts to meet certain credit quality requirements. Therefore, the Issuer is 
dependent on having access to counterparties with such credit quality.

--- Page 16 ---
16
 
The balance principle is at the core of the Issuer’s business operations and compliance is closely monitored. At the date of this 
Base Prospectus the Issuer has not previously experienced any non-compliance with the balance principle that has caused the 
issuer to be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts due on or in connection with any Bonds. However, non-compliance 
with the balance principle may cause the Bondholders to incur a loss and the Issuer to lose its authorisation to issue Bonds, which 
may have a negative effect on the Issuer's activities, financial position, results and reputation, and could ultimately cause the 
Issuer to become unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts due on or in connection with any Bonds.  
 
2.2.3.3 
Loss of covered bond status 
If the Issuer fails to provide supplementary collateral for SCBs as required by legislation, the SCBs will lose their status as SCBs, 
which may affect the risk weighting of the SCBs in the capital calculations of financial institutions that use the SCBs to satisfy 
regulatory liquidity requirements or are otherwise required to hold high-quality liquid assets. This could adversely affect the 
trading price of the Bonds and, as a result, investors could lose some or all of the value of their investment.  
 
Provided other requirements are met, the SCBs will, in such a case, change status to SMBs. 
 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is adequately capitalised to meet relevant capital requirements why this risk is 
considered to be low. 
 
2.2.4 
The secondary market for the Bonds 
The Issuer cannot assure Bondholders a liquid market following the issuance of bonds. 
 
If the secondary market is affected by limited liquidity the Bondholders may be unable to sell their Bonds with ease or can only 
sell their Bonds at a lower price than expected. The risk may be elevated during market turmoil, but the Issuer considers the risk 
to be low in general. 
 
2.2.5 
Interest rate risk on the Bonds 
Investment in the Bonds involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely affect the market value 
of the Bonds. In particular, long-term Fixed Rate Bonds may suffer from significant price reductions in the face of rising market 
interest rates.  
 
Similarly, there is a risk that the coupon on Floating Rate Bonds will be negative, in which event the Issuer will have a claim 
against the Bondholders. In this case, the Issuer is entitled, but not required, to redeem the Bonds for settlement at par value, 
equivalent to a value of up to the nominal negative interest coupon, and is entitled to make a claim against the Bondholders that 
will be set off as part of the redemption. 
 
The effective yield of the Bonds may be affected by any number of factors, many of which cannot be predicted at the time of 
investment.  
2.2.6 
Insolvency hierarchy  
The SCBs and SMBs constitute unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. Holders of SCBs and SMBs together 
with certain counterparties to financial contracts with preferential treatment will have a preferential right (subject to deduction 
of expenses relating to the bankruptcy estate and similar expenses) to all the assets in the capital centre through which the SCBs 
and the SMBs are issued.  
 
The Senior Secured Bonds constitute unconditional obligations of the Issuer. The Senior Secured Bonds are secured claims 
against the capital centre it is allocated to. In case of the Issuer’s bankruptcy, the Senior Secured Bonds provide their holders 
with a secondary preferential right for payment against the Issuer in respect of all assets in the capital centre through which they 
are issued. 
 
If the capital centres do not have sufficient assets to satisfy the claims of the holders of SCBs and SMBs, any residual claims of 
the holders of SCBs and SMBs will rank pari passu with residual claims of the holders of SMBs and financial contracts with 
preferential treatment in the Institute in General and will rank prior to the Issuer’s unsecured creditors pursuant to Section 97 of 
the Consolidated Act no. 1600 of 25 December 2022 on Bankruptcy, as amended (the "Danish Bankruptcy Act") (in Danish: 
konkursloven).  Any residual claims of the holders of Senior Secured Bonds against the Institute in General will be treated as an

--- Page 17 ---
17
unsecured claim in respect of the assets of the Institute in General that will be available for distribution in the case of bankruptcy 
in accordance with Section 97 of the Danish Bankruptcy Act.

--- Page 18 ---
18
3 
Responsibility statement 
 
Issuer’s responsibility 
Danish Ship Finance A/S, Danish company reg. (CVR) no. 27 49 26 49, is responsible for this Base Prospectus under applicable 
Danish law. 
 
 
Persons responsible 
On behalf of the Issuer, the following persons are responsible for the Base Prospectus: 
 
Board of Directors: 
 
  
Eivind Drachmann Kolding 
 
Peter Nyegaard  
(Chairman) 
 
 
(Deputy Chairman) 
 
 
 
Marcus Freuchen Christensen 
 
Anders Damgaard  
(Staff-elected Director) 
 
(Director) 
 
 
 
 
Povl Christian Lütken Frigast 
 
Thor Jørgen Guttormsen 
(Director) 
 
 
(Director) 
 
 
 
Henriette Søgaard Fabricius 
 
Andreas Hertz-Poulsen 
(Staff-elected Director) 
 
(Staff-elected Director) 
 
Jacob Balslev Meldgaard 
 
Michael Nellemann Pedersen 
 
(Director) 
 
 
(Director) 
 
 
 
Christopher Rex  
 
 
Henrik Sjøgreen 
(Staff-elected Director) 
 
(Director) 
 
 
 
In accordance with the powers conferred on them, they have authorised the Executive Board to jointly sign this Base Prospectus 
as well as any future addenda. 
 
 
Executive Board:                                  
 
Erik I. Lassen 
 
 
Lars Jebjerg 
(Chief Executive Officer) 
 
(Chief Financial Officer & Chief Risk Officer)

--- Page 19 ---
19
 
Statement 
The persons responsible for the information provided in this Base Prospectus hereby declare to the best of their knowledge, the 
information contained in the Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and that the Base Prospectus makes no omission 
likely to affect its import. 
 
This Base Prospectus (including the declaration contained in the Base Prospectus) is hereby signed on behalf of the Issuer’s 
Executive Board by special authority of the Issuer’s Board of Directors: 
 
 
Copenhagen, 9 July 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
Erik I. Lassen 
 
 
Lars Jebjerg 
Chief Executive Officer 
 
Chief Financial Officer & Chief Risk Officer 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Declaration 
The Issuer declares that:  
 
i) 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the DFSA in its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus Reg-
ulation.  
ii) 
The DFSA only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards for completeness, comprehensibility and con-
sistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation.  
iii) 
Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer (Danish Ship Finance) or the quality of the 
Bonds that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. 
iv) 
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Bonds.

--- Page 20 ---
20
4 
Legislative framework for the Issuer’s activities 
 
Danish Ship Finance is a ship finance institute. 
 
As a ship finance institute, the Issuer is subject to the Act, the Executive Order and other relevant regulation. Under the provisions 
of the Act and the Executive Order, certain parts of (i) the FBA and (ii) Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of 26 June 2013 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms as amended from 
time to time, including by Regulation (EU) 876/2019 of 20 May 2019 (the “CRR”), have also been made applicable to the Issuer. 
 
The Act and the Executive Order (including the applicable parts of the FBA and the CRR) lay down various prudential and 
conduct requirements, including on the business activities, ownership structure, management and organisation of financial busi-
nesses, capital structure, capital buffers, liquidity, valuation of collateral, maturities, loan-to-value limits, issuance of SMBs, 
SCBs and Senior Secured Bonds, fleet mortgages, liability, balance principle, supplementary collateral, annual report, capital 
centre accounts as well as reporting and disclosure obligations.  
 
The Act also provides rules on prudential and conduct supervision. The Issuer is subject to supervision by the DFSA, which is a 
regulatory authority under the Danish Ministry of Industry, Business and Financial Affairs. The DFSA oversees the Issuer’s 
activities on an ongoing basis, including by way of inspection, and regular reporting from the Issuer. 
 
The CRR lays down provisions on several matters relating to credit institutions, including: 
 
- 
Own funds 
- 
Risk exposure  
- 
Liquidity  
- 
Leverage ratio 
- 
Reporting requirements in connection with capital requirements, large exposures, liquidity requirements 
and leverage; and 
- 
Public disclosure requirements in connection with own funds requirements, large exposures, liquidity 
requirements and leverage. 
 
The Issuer is generally exempt from Directive 2013/36/EU of 26 June 2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms as amended 
from time to time, including Directive (EU) 2019/878 of 20 May 2019 (the “CRD”) and any related directives; however, the Act 
and the Executive Order do implement certain provisions of CRD in relation to the Issuer. The most important consequence of 
this exemption is that, unlike most credit institutions, the Issuer is not subject by statutory limits on Large Exposures to all 
individual borrowers classified as Danish. The Board of Directors must, however, lay down rules concerning risk diversification, 
including for borrower concentration. 
 
The Issuer is not allowed to engage in any activities other than ship financing, with the exception that the Issuer may engage in 
activities ancillary to ship financing (the DFSA may require that such ancillary activities are carried out through a subsidiary), 
as further set out in the Act. 
 
The Issuer is subject to highly complex and changeable regulation, governing the Issuer’s ability to lend to clients domestically 
and cross-border. If the legislation and regulation governing the Issuer’s lending activities are amended or should the Issuer 
become aware of additional requirements relating to such activities in any jurisdiction, the Issuer reserves the right to revise this 
Base Prospectus by way of a supplement to ensure that the Issuer’s future bond issuances under this Base Prospectus comply 
with applicable legislation and regulation in force from time to time. 
 
Set out below is an overview of the legislation governing the Issuer’s issuance of Bonds as well as the business operations of the 
Issuer. 
 
Unless stated otherwise, the overview does not take into account any legislative amendments entering into force after the date of 
this Base Prospectus. 
 
 
Provisions on lending 
The Issuer’s objects are set out in article 2 of the Issuer’s Articles of Association:

--- Page 21 ---
21
“The object of the Company is to provide ship financing in Denmark. In addition, the Company provides ship financing on the 
international market, as long as such activities do not unnecessarily limit the Company’s Danish operations.” 
The Issuer is entitled to engage in other activities in relation to collateral assets, which it holds temporarily for the purpose of 
covering or settling prior commitments. Typically, this means that the Issuer may in a default scenario as part of any enforcement 
action in connection with a repossession of the mortgaged vessel choose to temporarily operate the vessel with a view to max-
imize the recovery proceeds to be applied against the Issuer’s exposure.  
 
When granting loans against mortgages in vessels financed through the issuance of SCBs and SMBs, the Issuer must perform 
valuations and determine lending limits based on the provisions of the Executive Order and Executive Order no. 768 of 30 May 
2022 on the valuation of mortgages and loans in ships as security for the issuance of covered bonds and ship mortgage bonds 
(“Valuation Order”) (in Danish: bekendtgørelse om værdiansættelse af pant og lån i skibe som stilles til sikkerhed for udstedelse 
af særligt dækkede obligationer og skibskreditobligationer). 
 
 
Capital centres 
SCBs must be issued from a capital centre while and SMBs can be issued from a capital centre. SCBs and SMBs may not be 
issued from the same capital centre.  
 
SCBs are issued from Capital Centre A, and SMBs are issued from the Institute in General. 
 
For capital centres issuing SCBs or SMBs, Senior Secured Bonds may be issued for the purpose of providing overcollateralisation 
to the capital centres, normally for the purpose of supporting the rating of the Bonds issued from the capital centre. 
 
In Capital Centre A, Senior Secured Bonds may also be issued for the purpose of providing supplementary collateral. 
 
The assets of each capital centre consist of all mortgages relating to vessels as well as liquidity placements in the form of secu-
rities, deposits and (reverse) repos held by the capital centre. The liabilities of each capital centre are made up of the SCBs, 
SMBs and Senior Secured Bonds issued as well as the own funds (capital) relating to the capital centres. 
 
Furthermore, each capital centre may include off-balance sheet items such as financial contracts in the form of derivatives. 
Financial contracts may be included only for the purpose of hedging interest rate and currency risks stemming from imbalances 
between the assets and liabilities of the capital centre, provided the contracts for the derivatives stipulate that reconstruction, 
insolvency proceedings or failure to provide security by the Issuer institute do not constitute events of default. 
 
The income of each capital centre consists of interest from loans, bonds, debt instruments and other claims, upfront fees and 
similar income as well as returns on other assets in each individual capital centre and derivatives. 
 
The expenses of the capital centres are made up of the interest coupons paid on issued SCBs and SMBs as well as interest 
coupons paid on any Senior Secured Bonds, administrative and similar expenses, loss and impairment of assets in the capital 
centres, off-balance sheet items as well as any tax liabilities accruing to the capital centre. 
 
The Issuer and the capital centres are liable for obligations under the SCBs and SMBs in accordance with the provisions of the 
Act. The capital centres are individually ring-fenced and are not subject to cross-liability. If the claims of the holders of SCBs 
and SMBs are not fully satisfied by the funds of the relevant capital centre, they will have preferential rights to the assets available 
for distribution in the Institute in General. 
 
If the Issuer establishes additional capital centres in the future, such capital centres may, subject to the publication of a supple-
mentary prospectus, be added to the Base Prospectus. 
 
 
Cover assets, loan-to-value limits and additional capital charge 
The Issuer may only grant loans secured by ship mortgages or certain other qualified assets.  
 
The Issuer may grant loans in amounts up to 70% Loan to Value (LTV) based on the market value of the mortgaged vessel(s) at 
the time of loan offer or at delivery at the latest. However, the Issuer may for a period of up to one year (which under special 
circumstances can be extended) waive the requirement for a registered mortgage on the vessel if the borrower instead provides 
high-quality collateral as set out in the Executive Order. In addition, mortgages funded with SCBs are subject to a maximum 
LTV of 60%, cf. section 4.5.

--- Page 22 ---
22
 
Under certain conditions, however, the Issuer may grant loans exceeding 70% LTV, if the loans are supported by additional 
high-quality collateral and/or are subject to additional reservations of the Issuer’s own funds (additional capital charge).  
 
Such reservations of own funds are made as a deduction from the Tier 1 capital (described and defined under section 4.9.2) of 
the Capital Centre A or in the Institute in General (as the case may be) in connection with the statement of capital. The deduction 
equals the amount of the loan in question that exceeds 70% of the market value of the mortgaged vessel(s) at the time of calcu-
lation.  
 
The additional reservations of own funds for a loan are, however, capped at an amount in DKK determined on the date of the 
granting of the loan or at the disbursement of the loan at the latest.  
 
As a result of the implementation of the Covered Bonds Directive, the Act requires the Issuer to calculate and ensure that the 
aggregate principal amount of all cover assets in each capital centre is equal to or exceeds the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding SCBs or SMBs. For SCBs a surcharge of 2% applies in respect of the required coverage. The surcharge for SCBs 
has been set in accordance with CRR. The Issuer is pursuant to the Executive Order no. 806 of 31 May 2022 on reporting on 
coverage requirement, surcharge requirement and liquidity buffer (in Danish: bekendtgørelse om indberetning af dækningskrav, 
overdækningskrav og likviditetsbuffer) required to report certain information on coverage, surcharge and liquidity buffer (see 
paragraph 4.11.3 below) to the DFSA.  
 
4.3.1 
Specifically on the issuance of SMBs 
Loans granted with a principal amount of more than 70% but less than 100% of the market value of the financed vessel at the 
time of disbursement of the loan and other vessel(s) provided as collateral (each as determined in accordance with the Valuation 
Order and the guidelines laid down by the Board of Directors of the Issuer) are subject to the following requirements that for the 
part of the loan that exceeds 70% of the market value of the mortgaged vessel(s): 
 
- 
additional collateral of a particularly high quality, as defined in Section 14 of the Executive Order, must be provided; and 
- 
the Issuer must make an additional reservation of own funds (additional capital charge). 
 
Notwithstanding the above, pre-delivery financing for the purpose of financing new vessels or conversions may be granted 
without a mortgage on the vessel, if the collateral of the type mentioned in Section 13(2) and (3) of the Executive Order is 
provided. Pre-delivery financing may only be provided on the condition of financing of the completed vessel.  
 
Pre-delivery financing covered by Section 13(1) of the Executive Order are included in the determination of the Issuer’s capital 
adequacy at a risk weight of 200%, provided that the total amount of outstanding construction loans does not at any time exceed 
125% of the overcollateralisation (the part of the Tier 1 capital that exceeds the own funds requirement). 
 
4.3.2 
Specifically on the issuance of SCBs 
On 24 January 2017, the DFSA granted its authorisation for Danish Ship Finance’s issuance of SCBs in accordance with Section 
2c of the Act.  
 
The value of cover assets collateralising SCBs must at least equal the value of the SCBs issued, and the mortgage security with 
respect to each loan must at all times comply with the loan-to-value limits thereof. 
 
Loans of a principal amount of more than 60% but less than 100% of the value of the mortgaged vessel(s) (each as determined 
in accordance with the Valuation Order and the guidelines laid down by the Board of Directors of the Issuer) may only be 
included as cover assets for SCBs if the Issuer posts supplementary collateral of the asset types listed in Section 2d(1) of the Act, 
covering the part of the loan that exceeds 60% of the mortgaged vessel(s). The loan amount between 60% and 70% of the market 
value of the mortgaged vessel(s) must be considered when calculating the Issuer’s Pillar II capital requirement.  
 
4.3.3 
Fleet mortgages 
A fleet mortgage exists if one or more borrower(s) provides security for one or more loan(s) by way of a registered mortgage 
against more than one vessel.

--- Page 23 ---
23
A fleet mortgage may be allocated between two or more capital centres including the Institute in General if the loan agreement 
include the following provisions: 
- 
Cross-liability, meaning that all borrowers are jointly liable for all loans secured by the fleet mortgage; 
- 
Cross-default, meaning that a default with respect to one loan will cause all loans secured by the fleet mortgage to 
default to the effect that the fleet mortgage becomes enforceable in its entirety; 
- 
Cross-collateral, meaning that all vessels covered by the fleet mortgage are provided as collateral for all loans secured 
by the fleet mortgage to the effect that recourse is available against all vessels for the exposure under all loans; and  
- 
The borrower shall undertake not to use the mortgaged vessels as security for other (unrelated) loans not secured by the 
first priority fleet mortgage (negative pledge). 
 
 
Provisions on maturity and loan amount 
The maturity of a loan granted by the Issuer must not exceed 15 years from the date of disbursement of the loan and, in the case 
of pre-delivery financing, four years from the date of the first disbursement.  
 
The maturity of a loan is determined with consideration for the average life expectancy of the vessel type and the age and 
condition etc. of the vessel in question.  
 
 
Valuation of vessels 
Vessel values for use in connection with market value assessment of vessels serving as collateral to SCB’s and SMB’s issuance 
shall equal an amount at which the vessel can be sold during a sales period of not more than 12 months from the valuation date 
in an independent sale and purchase transaction between a willing buyer and a willing seller at normal market conditions, where 
each of the parties has acted on a well-informed basis, with caution and voluntarily (market value). Conditions leading to an 
especially high price must not form part of the valuation. The value of charter or other contracts of employment may not be taken 
into account in the valuation of the ship. When making the valuation of collateral, the Issuer must take into consideration any 
risk of changes to market and structural conditions. The Valuation Order sets our certain requirements and conditions for the 
valuation and the time for making the valuation.  
 
At least once a year, the Issuer shall prepare a valuation of each individual vessel in order to ensure that the loan-to-value 
requirement on 60% in respect of SCB issuance is observed. The Issuer shall prepare valuations of each individual vessel more 
often if special conditions may be assumed to apply, including in case of considerable changes to market conditions. The valua-
tion of the vessel must be to market value. The valuation may be carried out by the Issuer itself or an external expert assessor 
who meet certain criteria as set out in the Valuation Order. The Issuer may use statistical methods (algorithms) in order to monitor 
the valuation of the vessels and in order to identify which vessels that need a new valuation. The Issuer is required to have 
procedures for ongoing monitoring of the vessels’ physical condition, including procedures for physical inspections. 
 
 
Vessels registered outside of the EU 
The DFSA may grant permission for the Issuer to grant loans secured by mortgages over vessels that are registered in flag states 
outside the European Union provided that the requirements set out in Sections 28-30 of the Executive Order are satisfied. Such 
requirements include, among other things, that the Issuer must ensure that the loan granted by the Issuer represents a claim for 
payment of monies which is legally valid and enforceable against the borrower and is capable of becoming due and payable 
either immediately or upon demand following the occurrence of an event of default and is secured by a first priority mortgage 
which is legally valid and capable of enforcement and enables the Issuer to recover the value of the claim for payment (the loan) 
on enforcement.   
 
The Issuer follows the requirement set out in Sections 28-30 of the Executive Order on a general basis to the effect that such 
requirements apply whether the collateral vessels are registered in a flag state in or outside of the European Union. 
 
 
Assets eligible as collateral for the issuance of Bonds 
The asset types listed in Article 129(1), a-c and g and (2) of the CRR may be used as collateral for the issuance of SCBs and 
Senior Secured Bonds.  
 
The asset types set out on in detail of Chapter 3 of the Executive Order may be used as collateral for the issuance of SMBs in 
addition to those offered as collateral for the issuance of SCBs.

--- Page 24 ---
24
 
Balance principle 
According to the Executive Order on Bond Issuance, the Issuer must observe a balance principle and may choose either a general 
balance principle (Chapter 2 of the Executive Order on Bond Issuance) or a specific balance principle (Chapter 3 of the Executive 
Order on Bond Issuance). 
 
The SCBs and SMBs are issued in accordance with the specific balance principle. Should Senior Secured Bonds be issued in a 
capital centre, they would be subject to the balance principle of that capital centre.  
If the Issuer decides to change the balance principle for bonds already issued, notice of such a decision will be given in a sup-
plementary prospectus. If the Issuer decides to establish a new capital centre, the choice of balance principle for this capital 
centre will be notified by way of a base prospectus or a supplement. 
 
4.8.1 
The specific balance principle 
The provisions on the specific balance principle require the following for each capital centre: 
i) 
Differences between future cash outflows to bonds issued and financial hedging instruments and future cash inflows 
from mortgages, loans to public authorities or against public guarantees, placements according to Section 4(5) of the 
Executive Order on Bond Issuance as well as financial hedging instruments must be possible to be calculated on a day-
by-day basis. 
ii) Any future liquidity deficit for the capital centre resulting from the cash outflow exceeding the cash inflow must not 
exceed the capital centre’s own funds. Future cash deficits for the capital centre do not include liquidity deficits that are 
matched by liquidity positions of low-risk and marketable securities or held as deposits with credit institutions qualify-
ing for credit quality rating 2 or higher, subject to a termination notice of up to 12 months. 
iii) The interest rate risk assumed by the capital centre as a result of the differences in cash outflows and inflows, including 
interest rate risk in respect of surplus funds in the placement of such differences, must not exceed an amount equivalent 
to 1% of the capital centre’s own funds. The differences do not comprise any payment surplus as a result of the borrower 
repaying the relevant loan, in whole or in part, before the capital centre’s payment to the holders of the bonds when the 
borrower is not entitled to any compensation in that regard. For each currency where the capital centre has differences 
in cash outflows and inflows, the interest rate risk is calculated as the largest decrease in the current value of the differ-
ences calculated in six different scenarios, as set out in the Executive Order on Bond Issuance. 
iv) The interest rate risk of the capital centre’s assets, liabilities and off-balance items may not exceed 8% of its own funds. 
v) The currency risk in respect of the capital centre’s assets, liabilities and off-balance items must not exceed 2% of the 
capital centre’s own funds plus the total foreign exchange risk relating to impairments on foreign currency loans. The 
foreign exchange risk is calculated using DFSA’s exchange-rate indicator 2. Net positions in currencies that do not form 
part of exchange-rate indicator 2 must not exceed DKK 30 million for each individual currency. 
 
4.8.2 
Specific provisions on the balance principle for issuance of SCBs 
Exposures originating from financial contracts for hedging purposes with credit institutions as counterparties must comply with 
the framework and limits set out in the CRR. 
 
 
Provisions on capital adequacy 
The regulatory framework for capital management is based on the CRR and the CRD (implemented in the FBA and as made 
applicable to the Issuer), which, among other things, consist of three pillars: 
- 
Pillar I contains a set of rules for determining the minimum own funds requirement which is 8% of regulatory credit, 
market and operational risk exposures – including provisions on counterparty risk, minimum regulatory and capital 
deductions for non-performing exposures. 
- 
Pillar II describes the framework for the Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (“ICAAP”) framework and the 
supervisory review and evaluation process. The internal capital adequacy requirement is determined under the ICAAP 
and includes an individual solvency requirement. 
- 
Pillar III relates to market discipline and sets out requirements for the disclosure of information about risk and capital 
management and the internal capital adequacy requirement. 
 
4.9.1 
Provisions on the internal capital adequacy requirement 
Under Danish law, the Issuer must determine and publish its internal capital adequacy requirement each quarter. The internal 
capital adequacy assessment determines the capital considered sufficient for covering the Issuer’s risks. The internal capital

--- Page 25 ---
25
adequacy is calculated on the basis of the requirement under Pillar I plus a supplement for requirements under Pillar II. Pillar II 
reflects any uncertainty relating to the regulatory risk models and other factors, and the capital level is subject to ongoing quali-
tative adequacy assessments to assess whether it is sufficient for covering the Issuer’s risks. 
 
4.9.2 
Provisions on leverage risk 
The CRR and the CRD (implemented in the FBA and as made applicable to the Issuer) require the Issuer to calculate, report on 
and monitor its leverage ratio, which is defined as (“Tier 1 capital”) as a percentage of total leverage exposure amount. Due to 
the amendments to CRR through the CRR Amendment Regulation, the leverage ratio – i.e. the institution’s capital target (core 
capital) divided by the exposure target (the exposure values of a series of assets, derivatives agreements and off-balance items, 
among other things) – must at least amount to 3%.  
 
4.9.3 
Provisions on capital buffer requirements 
In addition to the minimum own funds requirement and the individual solvency requirement, the Issuer is subject to a combined 
buffer requirement, which must be met with Common Equity Tier 1 capital. The combined buffer requirement is comprised of 
five elements: (i) the capital conservation buffer, (ii) the institution-specific countercyclical buffer, (iii) the systemic risk buffer 
and the higher of (iv) the global systemically important institutions buffer and (v) the other systemically important institutions 
buffer. At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer’s combined capital buffer requirement consists of a 2.5% capital conser-
vation buffer and a countercyclical capital buffer of 0-2.5% depending on the geographical distribution of credit risk exposures, 
whereas the global systemically important institutions buffer and the other systemically important institutions buffer do not apply 
to the Issuer.  
 
All EU member states can implement a systemic risk buffer applying to domestic exposures. The requirement may apply to the 
entire sector or to individual sub-sectors. The systemic risk buffer is aimed at preventing and mitigating systemic or macropru-
dential risks not covered by the CRR.  
 
4.9.4 
Capital adequacy in capital centres 
The Institute in General and each capital centre must have own funds representing at least 8% of the total risk exposure (subject 
to a minimum of EUR 5 million). This requirement applies to the Issuer generally and to its individual capital centres. 
 
In the event that a capital centre is unable to meet the capital adequacy requirement, funds must be transferred from the Institute 
in General, unless such a transfer would prevent the Institute in General from meeting the 8% own funds requirement. Excess 
capital may be transferred from individual capital centres to the Institute in General. 
 
 
Covered Bonds Directive 
The Covered Bonds Directive and the amendments to CRR regarding covered bonds, pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 of 
27 November 2019 on amendments to Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013, as regards exposures in the form of covered bonds estab-
lishes the framework of EU-harmonised ”European Covered Bonds”.  
 
The Covered Bonds Directive is a framework directive implemented into Danish law and which entered into force on 8 July 
2022. The Covered Bonds Directive establishes which types of assets can be provided as collateral for covered bonds and the 
basic characteristics of/requirements to covered bonds, which also means that in the event of bankruptcy investors shall be 
entitled to direct their claims to both the issuer and the underlying collateral of the issued covered bonds (“dual recourse”). Other 
elements are, among others, the use of derivatives, adequacy requirements, transparency requirements and special public super-
vision of issuers of covered bonds.  
 
Covered bonds issued before 8 July 2022 are subject to transitional provisions (grandfathering) enabling them to maintain their 
status as covered bonds under the new regulation. However, covered bonds issued before 8 July 2022 will not be able to benefit 
from the transitional provisions, if bonds issued on or after 8 July 2022 are issued in an existing capital centre with covered 
bonds issued before 8 July 2022. Instead, the covered bonds before 8 July 2022 will be subject to the requirements of the Covered 
Bonds Directive to ensure that bonds issued in the same capital centre are subject to the same requirements relating to collateral, 
etc. To a large extent, the Covered Bonds Directive’s regulation of covered bonds and ship mortgage bonds were already part of 
Danish Law. The Issuer has therefore chosen to keep its existing capital centres open and ensure that bonds issued prior to 8 July 
2022 are also compliant with the amended rules.

--- Page 26 ---
26
SMB’s that meet the requirements of the Covered Bonds Directive are eligible for the designation ‘European Covered Bonds’, 
while SCB’s that meet the supplementary CRR requirements for overcollateralisation and ongoing compliance with loan-to-
value limits are eligible for the designation ‘European Covered Bonds (Premium)’.  
 
 
Liquidity provisions 
The Issuer is subject to the EU liquidity rules, Liquidity Coverage Ratio (“LCR”) and Net Stable Funding Ratio (“NSFR”), 
stipulating minimum requirements for liquidity and term funding. In addition, the Covered Bonds Directive has implemented a 
180-day liquidity buffer requirement applicable to capital centres from which issues have been made after 8 July 2022.  
 
4.11.1 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio 
As a result of the LCR requirements, the Issuer and other credit institutions must have a liquidity buffer that will enable them to 
withstand a 30-day intensive liquidity stress test, i.e. when there is no access to other sources of financing. The LCR is expressed 
as a percentage that must at all times be at least 100% and is calculated as the institution’s liquidity buffer as a percentage of the 
net liquidity outflow over 30 days. 
 
The Issuer’s liquidity buffer consists of High-Quality Liquid Assets (“HQLA”), including government bonds and covered bonds 
(mortgage bonds (in Danish: realkreditobligationer or ROs, covered bonds (in Danish: særligt dækkede obligationer or SDOs, 
and covered mortgage bonds (in Danish: særligt dækkede realkreditobligationer or SDROs). Net liquidity outflows are limited 
by pre-funding and the specific balance principle. 
 
4.11.2 
Net Stable Funding Ratio 
According to the CRR (as amended by the CRR Amendment Regulation), the Issuer must comply with a structural NSFR of at 
least 100% with the purpose of securing stable funding of the institutions’ assets in the 12-month term.  
 
4.11.3 
Cover pool liquidity buffer requirements (180 days) 
Due to the implementation of new Covered Bonds Directive and the entry into force of these rules, the Issuer must meet a 180-
day liquidity buffer requirement for the net liquidity needs of each of the capital centres from which issues have been made after 
8 July 2022. The requirement is to be met with HQLA. 
 
 
Provisions on supplementary collateral 
If the value of the cover assets as listed in Section 2d(1) of the Act no longer equals the value of the SCBs issued – for example, 
as a result of the declining market value of the mortgaged vessels – the Issuer must provide supplementary collateral to satisfy 
the requirement and must notify the DFSA. 
 
In the event that the Issuer fails to provide supplementary collateral, all SCBs issued in the capital centre in question will lose 
their SCB designation. Bonds having lost their SCB designation may be designated SMBs, provided that they comply with the 
statutory requirements for SMBs when the loan offers for the underlying mortgages were made.  
 
If the bonds subsequently again satisfy the requirements for SCBs, the DFSA may allow such bonds to be re-designated as SCBs. 
The requirement regarding supplementary collateral does not apply to loans financed by SMBs. 
 
 
MiFID II  
The Issuer issues Bonds on an ongoing basis that may be admitted to trading and officially listed on Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S. 
The Issuer exclusively buys or sells securities (including its bond issues) through securities dealers with the Issuer acting as a 
client. As such, the Issuer is generally not covered by the Danish provisions that implement MiFID II as well as Regulation No. 
600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments (“MiFIR”).

--- Page 27 ---
27
 
Provisions on the right to incur debt 
Under Section 2j of the Act, the Issuer is entitled to incur debt, including through the issuance of bonds (Senior Secured Bonds), 
to meet requirements for the provision of supplementary collateral or to increase overcollateralisation in a capital centre. 
 
The documentation must specify to which capital centre the proceeds from the incurred debt are to be allocated. The proceeds 
raised must be invested in certain low-risk and marketable securities as set out in the CRR. 
 
As from the time when the debt is incurred, the assets relating to proceeds from the incurred debt must be placed in a separate 
account in a separate custody account or otherwise be designated as deriving from the relevant debt. Assets used as supplemen-
tary collateral must be recognised in the relevant capital centre. 
 
 
Provisions on the recovery and resolution of credit institutions 
The Issuer is only covered by certain parts of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 
2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as amended (the 
“BRRD”). Chapter 16 of the FBA on crisis management, which implements parts of the BRRD, applies to the Issuer – see 
Section 49 of the Executive Order. 
 
The objective of the BRRD is to ensure the continuity of critical functions in distressed institutions and to avoid a significant 
adverse effect on the financial system as well as to obviate the need for the public to participate in the resolution of a failing 
institution. The Issuer is required to prepare and maintain a recovery plan for how to avoid a rapid deterioration of the institution’s 
financial situation pursuant to Section 71a of FBA and Executive Order no. 47 of 16 January 2023 on Recovery Plans for Banks, 
Mortgage Banks, Ship Finance Institutions and Investment Firms (in Danish: bekendtgørelse om genopretningsplaner for penge-
institutter, realkreditinstitutter, et skibsfinansieringsinstitut og fondsmæglerselskaber). The recovery plan must be updated at 
least every other year.  
 
Since the Issuer is only covered by certain parts of BRRD as set out above, the Issuer is e.g. not subject to the Danish Act on 
Restructuring and Resolution of Certain Financial Businesses, Consolidated Act no. 24 of 4 January 2019, as amended (in Dan-
ish: lov om restrukturering og afvikling af visse finansielle virksomheder), of which implements the BRRD into Danish law. 
Accordingly, the Issuer is not subject to the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (the “MREL require-
ment”) and the resolution tools and resolution powers of the BRRD, including bail-in and the so-called non-viability loss ab-
sorption tool. Furthermore, the debt buffer requirement applicable to Danish mortgage credit institutions does not apply to the 
Issuer.  
 
 
Bankruptcy 
If the Issuer becomes insolvent, the DFSA and any creditor with a claim against the Issuer may file for bankruptcy proceedings 
to be commenced against the Issuer. Once a bankruptcy order has been issued, there may be no transfer of funds between capital 
centres and the Institute in General.  
 
The Act confers a preferential right on the holders of SCBs, SMBs and, subject to certain conditions, certain counterparties 
relating to financial contracts in the event of bankruptcy. 
 
4.16.1 
Generally on bankruptcy 
Holders of debenture bonds (in Danish: kasseobligationer), SMBs, SCBs or Senior Secured Bonds (or other debt incurred pur-
suant to Section 2j of the Act) may not claim early repayment of payment obligations based on a bankruptcy order issued against 
the Issuer. If a bankruptcy order is issued against the Issuer, this will not deprive the Issuer’s borrowers of their obligation to 
repay loans, in whole or in part, in accordance with the repayment terms applying to the loan. 
 
The bankruptcy estate cannot effect payment in satisfaction of claims by holders of debenture bonds, SMBs or SCBs at an earlier 
date than when the Issuer was entitled to be released by effecting such payment. To the furthest extent possible, the appointed 
bankruptcy trustee must, in the performance of its duties, continue or resume the performance of the Issuer’s obligations in the 
form of interest and repayments to the holders of debenture bonds, SMBs or SCBs and claims from creditors under agreements 
on financial contracts concluded by the Issuer for the purpose of hedging risks between assets and bonds issued. To the extent 
that sufficient funds are not available, interest will be payable before redemption or before other repayments are made.

--- Page 28 ---
28
There can be no transfer of funds from one capital centre to another or to the Institute in General after insolvency proceedings 
have been initiated or a bankruptcy order has been issued. The amount that the holders of debenture bonds, SMBs, SCBs and 
other securities are entitled to receive as secured creditors consists of the assets of a capital centre at any time calculated after 
allocation of income and expenses. 
 
4.16.2 
Specifically on issuance from capital centres 
If the Issuer is declared bankrupt, the Act provides that capital centre assets, minus the costs incurred in connection with bank-
ruptcy proceedings, etc., including expenses relating to the bankruptcy trustee, salaries, etc., will be used first to satisfy claims 
filed by holders of SMBs or SCBs of the relevant capital centre and claims for interest accrued after the date of the bankruptcy 
order on the claims in question. Section 3a of the Act provides the holders of Senior Secured Bonds (or other debt incurred 
pursuant to Section 2j of the Act) with the status of secondary secured creditors. Any excess funds will be included in the assets 
available for distribution, pursuant to Section 32 of the Danish Bankruptcy Act. 
 
The holders of SCBs or SMBs issued from a capital centre may only direct their claim against the relevant capital centre. Any 
uncovered residual claims can be made against any assets of the Issuer available for distribution and will rank pari passu with 
residual claims of the holders of SCBs and SMBs and with preferential treatment in the Institute in General, and prior to the 
Issuer’s unsecured creditors (pursuant to Section 97 of the Danish Bankruptcy Act) but subsequent to other preferential creditors 
(pursuant to Sections 94-96 of the Danish Bankruptcy Act). 
 
If the Issuer is declared bankrupt, Section 3a(3) of the Act determines that counterparties to financial contracts concluded for the 
purpose of hedging the risks in a capital centre will rank pari passu for bankruptcy rules purposes with the holders of SCBs and 
SMBs in the relevant capital centre, if the agreement on the financial contracts provides that the Issuer’s reconstruction proceed-
ings or bankruptcy or failure to supply additional collateral do not constitute an event of default. 
 
4.16.3 
Specifically on issuance from the Institute in General 
If the Issuer is declared bankrupt, the Act provides that funds, minus the costs incurred in connection with bankruptcy proceed-
ings, etc., including liquidator fees, salaries, etc., in the Institute in General will be used to satisfy claims notified by holders of 
debenture bonds and SMBs issued through the Institute in General and claims for interest accrued after the date of the bankruptcy 
order on the claims in question. Funds used as described above, however, may not exceed the assets underlying the debenture 
bonds or SMBs, including the mortgage instruments, deposits and securities, plus an amount equivalent to 8% of the risk-
weighted value of the assets underlying the debenture bonds and SMBs that the Issuer may have issued outside the capital centres.  
 
Any excess funds will be included in the assets available for distribution pursuant to Section 32 of the Danish Bankruptcy Act. 
Pursuant to Section 3a(3) of the Act, counterparties to financial contracts concluded for the purpose of hedging the risks between 
loans and debenture bonds or SMBs issued through the Institute in General will rank pari passu for bankruptcy law purposes 
with the holders of debenture bonds or SMBs issued in the Institute in General if the agreement on the financial contracts provides 
that the Issuer’s reconstruction proceedings or bankruptcy is not an event of default. 
 
 
Reference rates 
Currently, work is undertaken in Denmark and internationally to reform and/or find alternatives to existing (in full or in part) 
estimate-based reference rates in most currencies, with a view to securing the use of transaction-based reference rates to a greater 
extent. In the long term, this may be of importance to the development and use of Danish and international reference rates, such 
as, CIBOR, CITA and EURIBOR. In Denmark, a working group formed by Finance Denmark (a Danish business association 
for banks, mortgage banks, asset management companies, securities trading and investment funds in Denmark) and the Money 
Market Committee issued, in July 2019, its final recommendations on the assessment of possible candidates to a DKK risk-free 
reference rate based on wholesale overnight deposits named DESTR (Denmark short-term rate). In November 2020, Danmarks 
Nationalbank (the central bank of Denmark) assumed responsibility for DESTR. Danmarks Nationalbank has started publishing 
DESTR as of 4 April 2022. The first publication will reflect trading activity on 1 April 2022. Thus, DESTR has been available 
for use in financial contracts with effect from 1 April 2022. Danmarks Nationalbank established in January 2021 a working 
group on short term reference rate in Danish kroner to support the transition from the Tom/Next-rate (which forms part of CITA 
as the floating leg) to DESTR. Following the working group’s public consultation on the transition from Tom/Next to DESTR 
the working group has published its final recommendation on the transition. The working group made certain recommendations 
to the Danish Financial Benchmark Facility (DFBF), as the administrator of the Tom/Next rate. DFBF has since stated that it 
will implement a number of changes to the CITA benchmark and its methodology. These changes have started coming into effect 
in two sequences: sequence 1, which took effect from 1 February 2023, and sequence 2, which will take effect from 1 January

--- Page 29 ---
29
2026. In sequence 1, the CITA methodology was adjusted such that panel banks’ submissions became based on DESTR OIS 
plus a Spread (19bp) added by DFBF. In sequence 2, panel banks’ submissions to CITA will remain based on DESTR OIS, but 
DFBF will no longer add the defined spread. Consequently, the reference rate will on 1 January 2026 be reduced (fall) (all other 
things being equal, by the 19bps spread previously applied).

--- Page 30 ---
30
5 
Terms and Conditions 
 
Introduction 
The following terms and conditions (the “Terms and Conditions”) apply to the Bonds issued by the Issuer according to this 
Base Prospectus in ISIN codes that are opened on or after the date of the Base Prospectus. 
 
For covered bonds, ship mortgage bonds, senior secured bonds, and debenture bonds (in Danish: kasseobligationer) issued by 
the Issuer in ISIN codes opened prior to the date of the Base Prospectus, see the relevant base prospectus applicable at the time 
of the opening of the ISIN code in question and the relevant final terms. See also section 7 “INFORMATION INCORPORATED 
IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS BY REFERENCE”. 
 
For each issue of Bonds in ISIN codes that is opened on or after the date of the Base Prospectus, a final terms document (“Final 
Terms”) applies, which, together with the below Terms and Conditions, lay down the terms applicable to issues of Bonds in the 
relevant ISIN code. The Final Terms are published on www.nasdaqomxnordic.com and https://www.shipfinance.dk/investor-
relations/rating-and-bonds/.  
 
In the event of inconsistency between the Terms and Conditions and other parts of the Base Prospectus, the Terms and Conditions 
will prevail. In the event of inconsistency between the Terms and Conditions and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final 
Terms will prevail.  
 
All information set out in these Terms and Conditions also applies to the Final Terms, unless otherwise stated in the applicable 
Final Terms.  
 
 
Form, title, listing, denomination and currency 
5.2.1 
Form of the Bonds 
The Bonds are issued in book-entry dematerialised form, settled through VP (as defined in Condition 5.3) or another central 
securities depository with which the Bonds are registered and registered in the name of the holder, with no physical securities 
being issued.  
 
The Issuer has entered into a VP participation agreement with Danske Bank A/S as issuing agent and VP with effective date 4 
July 2005.   
 
5.2.2 
Title to the Bonds 
The title to the Bonds is determined exclusively from the entry in the records of VP or another central securities depository (as 
specified in the Final Terms) with which the Bonds are registered, as the case may be. Accordingly, title to the Bonds can only 
be transferred by the recording of the transfer with VP or another central securities depository (as specified in the Final Terms) 
with which the Bonds are registered, as the case may be, in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of these 
securities depositaries. 
 
All payments under the Bonds will be made to the account appearing in the records on the Date of Recording (as defined in 
Condition 5.3) with VP or another central securities depository (as specified in the Final Terms) with which the Bonds are 
registered. In the event that the Issuer’s payment to the clearing centre is not passed on to Bondholders – irrespective of the 
reason – the Issuer is not legally obliged to make a payment again. 
 
5.2.3 
Trading and possible official listing 
The Bonds issued under this Base Prospectus have been or are expected to be admitted to trading and officially listed at Nasdaq 
Copenhagen A/S. However, the Issuer may resolve not to apply for official listing of new issues of Bonds. The Regulated Market 
in which the Bonds are admitted to trading is specified in the Final Terms. 
 
The first expected day of listing, if relevant, will be specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 31 ---
31
5.2.4 
Denomination 
The denomination of the Bonds is stated in the Final Terms, and in these it will also be specified if, for the relevant Bonds, a 
minimum trading unit applies that deviates from the denomination. 
 
5.2.5 
Currency 
The Bonds are issued in DKK, EUR or another currency. The currency in which the Bonds are issued is stated in the Final Terms. 
 
5.2.6 
ISIN code 
The Bonds are issued in one or more ISINs. The ISINs are stated in the respective Final Terms. 
 
5.2.7 
Opening period 
The ISIN code for the Bonds in question is open for new issues during a predetermined opening period. The Issuer may issue 
Bonds on tap during the opening period. The opening date and closing date (opening period) for the individual ISINs is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
The Issuer may decide to cease the offer during parts of the opening period. 
 
5.2.8 
Access to information on the Bondholders 
If stated in the Final Terms under ”Access to information on Bondholders”, the Issuer shall have access to available information 
of name, address and other contact details of the Bondholders, the date of registration in the custody account, the size of the 
holding as well as any other relevant custody account details relating to the Bonds registered with the securities depositary and 
the securities depositary shall be entitled to disclose such information regarding the Bondholders to the Issuer 
 
 
Definitions 
In addition to terms defined elsewhere in the Base Prospectus in these Terms and Conditions, the following terms and expressions 
have the meanings set forth below: 
 
“Adjustment Spread” means any addition or subtraction from a Substitute Reference Rate determined by the Issuer, in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, and applied such as to place Bondholders in the same situation as if the Reference 
Rate had been available.  
 
“Banking Day” means either:  
i) 
a day on which both Danish payment systems and Danish banks located in Denmark are open for business (“Danish 
Banking Day”);  
ii) a ”T2 Banking Day”, which means a day on which the real-time gross settlement system ("T2") or any successor or 
replacement thereto is open for the settlement of payments in EUR; or 
iii) such other days as set out in the Final Terms.  
 
“Call Option” means that the Issuer may call the Bonds prior to the Maturity Date. The relevant Final Terms will specify how 
the Issuer may exercise such option. 
 
“Calculation Agent” means the Issuer or such agent as may be stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
“Closing Date” means the last day on which Bonds may be issued in the relevant ISIN as set out in the Final Terms.  
 
“Date of Recording” means the day immediately prior to the Payment Date when the relevant securities depositary is open for 
recording in the relevant currency. 
 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest: 
i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
a. 
in the case of Bonds where the number of days in the relevant period from (and including) the most recent 
Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment

--- Page 32 ---
32
date (the “Accrual Period”) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (I) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (II) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
b. in the case of Bonds where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period during which the Ac-
crual Period ends, the sum of: 
i. the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in which the Accrual 
Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) 
the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
ii. the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period divided by the 
product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year;  
ii) if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from (and including) the most 
recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment 
date (such number of days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360;  
iii) if “Actual/360 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the period from (and including) 
the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant 
payment date in the payment period divided by 360; and 
iv) any other day count fraction set out in the Final Terms 
 
“Denomination” means the smallest unit into which the relevant Bonds may be divided and is set out in the Final Terms. It also 
is specified in the Final Terms whether the smallest trading unit of the relevant Bonds deviates from the Denomination.  
 
“Determination Date” is set out in the Final Terms. 
 
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but excluding) the next Determina-
tion Date (including – when either the Interest Commencement Date or the final Payment Date is not a Determination Date – the 
period commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date). 
 
“DKK” means Danish kroner, the lawful currency in Denmark at the time of the approval of the Base Prospectus. 
 
“EUR” means euro, the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant 
to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union (as amended from time to time). 
 
“Fixed Rate Bond” means a Bond on which interest is calculated at a fixed rate payable in arrears on one or more Payment 
Dates in each year, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
“Floating Rate Bond” means a Bond on which interest is calculated at a floating rate, payable in arrears on one or more Payment 
Dates in each year, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
“First Day of Listing” means the first day on which the relevant ISIN is expected to be admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market. 
 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms from and including which the Bonds 
bear interest, which may or may not be the Issue Date. 
 
“Interest Coupon” means:  
i) 
with respect to Fixed Rate Bonds, the rate of interest on the Bonds expressed as a percentage rate per annum, as set out 
in the applicable Final Terms; and 
ii) with respect to Floating Rate Bonds, the aggregate of the Reference Rate and the Interest Rate Spread, each as set out 
in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
“Interest Rate Spread” means the percentage per annum set out in the Final Terms. The Interest Rate Spread may be positive, 
negative or zero. 
 
“LEI” is short for Legal Entity Identifier, which is a 20-digit code that uniquely identifies a legal entity participating in financial 
market transactions – across markets and legal systems.

--- Page 33 ---
33
“Number of outstanding Bonds” refers to where information on the number of outstanding Bonds can be found (as specified 
in the Final Terms). The number of outstanding Bonds may change throughout the term of the Bond. 
 
“Maturity Date” means the day after the last day of the last Payment Period on which the relevant Bonds mature for redemption, 
as set out in the Final Terms. 
 
“Payment Dates” means days on which the principal and/or the accrued interest for the preceding Payment Period fall(s) due 
for payment (together with redeemed amounts), as set out in the Final Terms.  
 
“Payment Period” is defined by the first and the last day of such period, as set out in the Final Terms. 
 
“Place of Listing” means the Regulated Market on which the Bonds are expected to be admitted to trading, as set out in the Final 
terms. 
 
“Place of Recording” means the securities depositary where the Bonds are recorded electronically in dematerialised form, as 
set out in the Final Terms. 
 
“Principal” means the originally nominal amount of a Bond or the principal amount outstanding for the time being of that Bond. 
 
“Redemption Schedule” means the method or timetable for redemption of the Bonds set out in the Final Terms, if elected.  
 
“Reference Rate” means: 
i) 
the Copenhagen interbank offered rate (“CIBOR”); 
ii) the interest rate swap offered rate for the day-to-day rate (T/N-rate) against a fixed DKK interest rate (“CITA”);  
iii) the Euro-zone interbank offered rate (“EURIBOR”); or 
iv) such other reference rate specified in the Final Terms.  
 
If the relevant CIBOR and/or CITA rate ceases to be quoted, or should the Issuer deem that the relevant CIBOR or CITA rate 
(as the case may be) no longer reflects the Danish reference rate market, the Issuer may determine the bond interest rate on the 
basis of another market-consistent reference rate.  
 
If the relevant EURIBOR rate ceases to be quoted or if the relevant EURIBOR rate, in the Issuer’s opinion, no longer reflects 
the European money market, the Issuer may calculate the bond interest rate on the basis of market-consistent money market 
rates. 
 
The Issuer may also determine the bond interest rate on the basis of another market-consistent reference rate, should one or more 
public authorities significantly dispute the use of the agreed Reference Rate as reference rate, or should the financial sector enter 
into an agreement with a public authority regarding the use of a reference rate other than the agreed Reference Rate. 
 
If the Reference Rate as stated in the relevant Final Terms is no longer published or if the terms underlying the relevant Reference 
Rate change considerably, or if the Issuer finds that the agreed Reference Rate no longer reflects the relevant market for the 
relevant Reference Rate, the Issuer may (in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner), if necessary, substitute the 
Reference Rate by a Substitute Reference Rate and determine an Adjustment Spread, if relevant. 
 
Moreover, the Issuer may (in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) substitute the Reference Rate by a Substitute 
Reference Rate and determine an Adjustment Spread, if relevant, should one or more public authorities significantly dispute the 
use of the agreed Reference Rate as reference rate, or should a relevant financial sector enter into an agreement with a public 
authority about the use of a reference rate other than the agreed Reference Rate. 
 
In the event of the above, the Issuer will (in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) make a choice based on the 
following options – in order of priority: 
 
i. 
If Danish and international participants essentially agree on a practice to replace the relevant Reference Rate that is no 
longer quoted, has been modified so it no longer reflects the relevant market or is materially non-reflective of the rele-
vant market, the Issuer will follow this practice – including if such handling entails transition to another reference rate, 
which, in such case, will become a Substitute Reference Rate, possibly supplemented with an Adjustment Spread. 
ii. 
If there is no such agreement, the Issuer may ask one or more banks or other relevant financial participants to quote or 
offer advice on the choice of a Substitute Reference Rate, possibly supplemented with an Adjustment Spread.

--- Page 34 ---
34
iii. 
If the contributing banks or other financial participants cannot indicate an appropriate Substitute Reference Rate, the 
Issuer will in good faith determine a Substitute Reference Rate and, if necessary supplemented with an Adjustment 
Spread. 
 
“Regulated Market” means a market pursuant to article 4(1)(21) of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of 
the Council dated 15 May 2014 on markets for financial instruments, as amended.  
 
“Relevant Date” means the date on which such payment first becomes due. 
 
“Substitute Reference Rate” may in some cases substitute the Reference Rate – see “Reference Rate”. The Substitute Reference 
Rate may be positive, negative or zero. The Issuer will, in such a situation, choose a Substitute Reference Rate. When choosing 
a Substitute Reference Rate, the Issuer will act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner while safeguarding to the 
extent possible that Bondholders are placed in the same situation as if the Reference Rate had been available. If so required, an 
Adjustment Spread will be added or subtracted for that purpose. 
 
“Sub-Unit” means, with respect to any currency, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the 
country of such currency and with respect to euro, one cent. 
 
“Tax Jurisdiction” means Denmark or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having the power to tax (in 
the case of payments by the Issuer). 
 
“VP” means VP Securities A/S (branded as “Euronext Securities Copenhagen”), Nicolai Eigtveds Gade 8, DK- 1402 Copenha-
gen K, Denmark, CVR no: 21 59 93 36. 
 
“Zero Coupon Bond” means a Bond on which no coupon is payable until maturity. 
 
 
Status of the Bonds 
5.4.1 
Issue of Bonds from capital centres and in general 
The Issuer issues Bonds from Capital Centre A or from the Institute in General. The Final Terms states from which capital centre 
each specific ISIN is issued. Any new capital centres may be covered by the Base Prospectus by means of addenda supplements. 
 
Any claims by the Bondholders with respect to the Bonds may only be made against the capital centre in which the specific ISIN 
is issued.  
 
The Issuer determines the opening of other ISIN codes in the respective capital centres. The Issuer also determines when to 
transfer funds to the respective capital centres. 
 
The Issuer is entitled at any time, and without notice to and consent from the relevant Bondholders, to separate and transfer to 
another capital centre Bonds covered by this Base Prospectus, any securities as well as any relevant derivative agreements. The 
separation or transfer presupposes that the rating, if any, of the Bonds in question with a credit rating agency is not lowered in 
connection with the separation or transfer. 
 
5.4.2 
SCBs and SMBs 
i) 
The SCBs and SMBs constitute unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. The SCBs and the SMBs 
are covered bonds, pursuant to the Act’s Sections 2d and 2a, respectively. SCBs are issued through the Capital Centre 
A and SMBs through the Institute in General, in accordance with the applicable legislation. The Issuer may, at any time 
and without notice, separate and transfer SCBs and SMBs as well as any attached financial instruments to another 
capital centre. 
 
ii) In the event of bankruptcy of the Issuer, holders of SCBs and SMBs and certain counterparties to financial contracts 
with preferential treatment will have a preferential right (after deduction of expenses relating to the bankruptcy estate 
and similar expenses) to all the assets in the capital centre through which the SCBs and the SMBs are issued. If the 
capital centres do not have sufficient assets to satisfy the claims of the holders of SCBs and SMBs, the residual claims 
of the holders of SCBs and SMBs will rank pari passu with residual claims of the holders of SMBs, SCBs and financial 
contracts with preferential treatment in the Institute in General and prior to the Issuer’s unsecured creditors (pursuant

--- Page 35 ---
35
to Section 97 of the Danish Bankruptcy Act), but subsequent to other preferential creditors (pursuant to Sections 94-96 
of the Danish Bankruptcy Act). 
 
iii) SMBs can be issued by the Institute in General or any applicable new capital centres established by the Issuer. SCBs 
can be issued by Capital Centre A or any new capital centres established by the Issuer. Any new capital centre may 
become subject to this Base Prospectus through the issuance of a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
 
5.4.3 
Senior Secured Bonds 
i) 
The Senior Secured Bonds constitute unconditional obligations of the Issuer. The Senior Secured Bonds are secured 
claims against the capital centre it is allocated to pursuant to Section 2j of the Act and are issued through a capital centre 
in accordance with the Act. 
 
ii) In case of the Issuer’s bankruptcy, the Senior Secured Bonds provide their holders with a secondary preferential right 
for payment against the Issuer in respect of all assets in the capital centre through which they are issued. In addition, 
any residual claim against the Institute in General will be treated as an unsecured claim in respect of the assets of the 
Institute in General that will be available for distribution in the case of bankruptcy, in accordance with Section 97 of 
the Danish Bankruptcy Act.  
 
iii) Senior Secured Bonds can be issued by Capital Centre A, the Institute in General or any new capital centres established 
by the Issuer. 
 
 
Interest 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Bonds are Fixed Rate Bonds, Floating Rate Bonds or Zero Coupon Bonds, 
and, if relevant, the conditions for switching the interest basis of the Bonds.  
 
5.5.1 
Fixed Rate Bonds 
i) 
Each Fixed Rate Bond bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum 
equal to the Interest Coupon. Interest will be payable in arrears on the Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) 
the Maturity Date. 
 
ii) Interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the Interest Coupon to the aggregate outstanding nom-
inal amount of the relevant Fixed Rate Bonds and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count 
Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest Sub-Unit of the relevant specified currency, half of any such 
Sub-Unit being rounded upwards or downwards, in accordance with the rules and procedures of VP from time to time.  
 
5.5.2 
Floating Rate Bonds 
Each Floating Rate Bond bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be payable 
in arrears on the Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms. Such interest will be payable in respect 
of each Payment Period.  
 
i) 
Minimum Interest Coupon and/or Maximum Interest Coupon: If the applicable Final Terms specify a “Minimum Inter-
est Coupon” for any Payment Period, then, in the event that the Interest Coupon in respect of such Payment Period is 
less than such “Minimum Interest Coupon”, the Interest Coupon for such Payment Period shall be such “Minimum 
Interest Coupon”. If the applicable Final Terms specify a “Maximum Interest Coupon” for any Payment Period, then, 
in the event that the Interest Coupon in respect of such Payment Period above is greater than such “Maximum Interest”, 
the Interest Coupon for such Payment Period shall be such “Maximum Interest Coupon”. 
 
ii) Negative Interest Coupon: If in a Payment Period, the Interest Coupon is lower than zero, the Issuer will have a claim 
against the Bondholders equal to the absolute value of the Interest Coupon. The claim in the event of a negative Interest 
Coupon falls due on the Payment Date of the relevant Payment Period.  
 
iii) Determination and calculation of the Interest Coupon: The Interest Coupon is calculated by the Issuer. The Interest 
Coupon may be positive, negative or zero, and is rounded to four decimals. The Issuer will, at or as soon as practicable 
after each time at which the Interest Coupon is to be determined, determine the Interest Coupon for the relevant Payment

--- Page 36 ---
36
Period. The Issuer will calculate the amount of interest payable on the Floating Rate Bonds for the relevant Payment 
Period by applying the Interest Coupon to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the relevant Floating Rate 
Bonds, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest Sub-
Unit of the relevant currency, half of any such Sub-Unit being rounded upwards or downwards, in accordance with the 
rules and procedures of VP from time to time. 
 
iv) Fixing methods: The Interest Coupon of Floating Rate Bonds in the same ISIN code may be reset on the basis of one 
of the following fixing methods, as set out in the Final Terms: 
a. 
[x] last Banking Day: An Interest Rate Spread is added to the Reference Rate quoted on the [x] last Banking 
Day before the beginning of a new Payment Period. The Interest Rate Spread may be negative. The Interest 
Coupon calculated accordingly will be the bond interest rate for the subsequent fixing period; or 
b. Such other fixing method as may be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
v) Notification of Interest Coupon: The Issuer will cause the Interest Coupon for each Payment Period and the relevant 
Payment Date to be notified to any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Bonds are for the time being 
listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 5.15 (Notices) as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the fourth Danish Banking Day thereafter. Each Interest Coupon so notified 
may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior no-
tice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Payment Period. Any such amendment will promptly be notified 
to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Bonds are for the time being listed and to the Bondholders, 
in accordance with Condition 5.15 (Notices), as soon as possible.  
 
vi) Certificates to be final: All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and deci-
sions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 5.2 shall (in the absence of wilful default, 
bad faith, manifest error or proven error) be binding on the Issuer and all Bondholders and (in the absence of wilful 
default or bad faith) no liability to the Bondholders shall attach to the Issuer or in connection with the exercise or non-
exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions, pursuant to such provisions. 
 
5.5.3 
Information about the past and the future performance of the underlying (Reference Rate) 
Information about past and future performance of the Reference Rate and its volatility will, to the extent available, be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
5.5.4 
Accrual of interest 
Each Bond (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Bond, that part only of such Bond) will cease to bear interest (if 
any) from and including the Maturity Date, or the date for its redemption if earlier than the Maturity Date.  
 
Addition and accrual of interest may be adjusted as a result of changes in market conventions. 
 
 
Redemption and Purchase 
5.6.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Bond will be redeemed by the Issuer on the 
Maturity Date or in accordance with the Redemption Schedule specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
5.6.2 
Redemption due to a negative Interest Coupon 
If in a Payment Period, the Interest Coupon of a Floating Rate Bond is at any time below zero and this results in the Issuer having 
a claim against the Bondholders equal to the absolute value of the Interest Coupon, in accordance with paragraph (ii) of Clause 
5.5.2 (Floating Rate Bonds), then the Issuer will be entitled, but not required, to redeem the Bonds (in whole or in part) for 
settlement at the “Early Redemption Amount” specified in the applicable Final Terms, equivalent to a value of the negative 
Interest Coupon.

--- Page 37 ---
37
5.6.3 
The Issuer’s redemption 
The Final Terms may provide that the Issuer may, in specified circumstances, redeem the Bonds prior to the Maturity Date (“Call 
Option”). 
 
5.6.4 
Redemption for tax reasons, changes in law or changes in market conditions 
Bonds may be redeemed in whole, but not in part, at any time at the option of the Issuer (if this Bond is not a Floating Rate Bond) 
or on a Payment Date (if this Bond is a Floating Rate Bond), on giving not less than 15 days nor more than 45 days of notice to 
the Bondholder and in accordance with Condition 5.15 (Notices), (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
 
i) 
on the occasion of the next payment date due under the Bonds, the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional 
amounts as provided or referred to in paragraph (iii) of Condition 5.10 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction or any change in application or official interpretation of 
such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is 
reached to issue the Bond in the ISIN for the first time and such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking 
reasonable measures available to it provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior 
to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts should a payment in respect of 
the Bonds then be due; and/or 
ii) the terms of the loans financed by the Bonds are changed as a result of legislative amendments, orders issued by the 
authorities and/or changes in market conditions; 
 
Bonds redeemed pursuant to this Condition 5.6.4 will be redeemed at their “Early Redemption Amount” specified in the appli-
cable Final Terms with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
 
5.6.5 
Cancellation 
All Bonds that are redeemed by the Issuer will forthwith be cancelled.  
 
 
Issuer's acquisition of Bonds 
The Issuer and any of the Issuer's subsidiaries and affiliates may at any time purchase Bonds (or part thereof) in the open market 
and at any price prior to their maturity and keep such Bonds or cancel them. 
 
 
Payments 
i) 
The Issuer pays interest and redemption amounts to the Bondholders by transferring, on the due date, the funds to 
(accounts with banks, payment agents, securities brokers, etc. designated by the account-holding bank to) a central 
securities depository and/or clearing bank. 
 
ii) The Bondholders' payments to the Issuer prompted by the negative Interest Coupon will be made through set-off upon 
the due date of the Payment Period.  
 
iii) The payment collection method reflects the current technical solution in the relevant securities depositary. If the relevant 
securities depositary materially changes its technical solution, the Issuer may change its payment collection method 
accordingly. In that case, the Issuer will update the Base Prospectus by issuing a supplement or a new Base Prospectus. 
 
iv) If a “Banking Day Convention” is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no numerically correspond-
ing day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Payment Date would 
otherwise fall on a day that is not a Banking Day, then, if the “Banking Day Convention” specified is: 
a. 
the “Following Banking Day Convention”, such Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day that is a 
Banking Day; or 
b. the “Modified Following Banking Day Convention”, such Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day 
that is a Banking Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Payment 
Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Banking Day; or 
c. 
the “Preceding Banking Day Convention”, such Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Banking Day.

--- Page 38 ---
38
v) If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Bond is not a Payment Date, the holder thereof shall not be 
entitled to payment until the next following Payment Date in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further 
interest or other payment in respect of such delay.  
 
vi) Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in the place of 
payment and (ii) any withholding or deduction required, pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”), or otherwise imposed, pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of 
the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. 
 
 
Transferability of Bonds 
The Bonds are freely transferable and are not subject to any restrictions on transfer. 
 
 
Taxation 
i) 
The Issuer does not accept any liability for taxes withheld or for collection of withholding taxes or other taxes irrespec-
tive of where the Bonds are recorded electronically in dematerialised form.  
 
ii) If (i) “Tax Gross Up” is specified as being non-applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and (ii) the Issuer is obliged 
to withhold tax or collect withholding tax pursuant to rules introduced after the Bonds have been issued, the Issuer will 
be obliged to withhold or collect such taxes, and the Issuer will not be obliged to pay any additional amounts to Bond-
holders, nor will the Issuer accept liability for any deduction in the amount disbursed to Bondholders. 
 
iii) If “Tax Gross Up” is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then all payments of principal and 
interest in respect of the Bonds by or on behalf of the Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on 
account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Juris-
diction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional 
amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the Bondholders after such withholding or 
deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest that would otherwise have been receivable in 
respect of the Bonds, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be 
payable where it is excluded in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
 
Events of default 
5.11.1 
SCBs, SMBs and Senior Secured Bonds 
i) 
Holders of SCBs, SMBs and Senior Secured Bonds may not rely on the issuance of a bankruptcy order against the Issuer 
as grounds for acceleration of payments by the Issuer. Correspondingly, a bankruptcy order against the Issuer will not 
bar the Issuer's borrowers in respect of loans funded by the SCBs and SMBs from prepaying their mortgage loans in full 
or in part, in accordance with the payment terms of the relevant loans. 
ii) The bankruptcy estate cannot meet a payment obligation prior to the pre-determined due date, thereby discharging itself 
from such obligation. 
iii) The Issuer's failure to fulfil its obligation to provide supplementary collateral does not constitute an event of default. 
 
 
Prescription 
Claims for payment under the Bonds become time-barred, pursuant to the Danish Act on Limitations, Consolidated Act no. 1238 
of 9 November 2015, as amended (in Danish: lov nr. 1238 af 9. november 2015 om forældelse af fordringer (forældelsesloven)). 
Claims for principal payments become statute-barred after 10 years and claims for interest payments become statute-barred after 
3 years from the date on which the creditor has a claim for payment pursuant to section 2 of the Danish Act on Limitations. 
 
 
Additional issues 
i) 
The Issuer has the right to, from time to time and without the consent of the Bondholders, to create and issue further 
Bonds having terms and conditions the same as the Bonds or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the

--- Page 39 ---
39
first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue, and that the same shall be consolidated 
and form a single ISIN code with the outstanding Bonds. 
ii) If a Closing Date has been elected in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer is entitled to close an ISIN code for further 
Bond issuance at any date before the stated Closing Date. 
 
 
Conflicts of interest 
With respect to the Bonds, the stakeholders are the borrowers in respect of loans funded by the SCBs and SMBs, the Bondholders, 
the Issuer and public authorities. 
 
The Issuer is not aware of any interests and/or conflicts of interest of importance to the offering of the Bonds. Any interests 
and/or conflicts of interest that are of significant importance to the Issuer in connection with bond issuance, including a specifi-
cation of the persons involved and the nature of the interest, will be described in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Notices 
All notices regarding the Bonds will be deemed to be validly given if such notices are duly published in a manner that complies 
with the rules and procedures of VP or another central securities depository with which the Bonds are registered together with 
the rules of any Regulated Market on which the Bonds are, for the time being, listed or by which they have been admitted to 
trading. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published 
in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers. 
 
 
Representation of Bondholders 
The terms applying to Bonds issued under this Base Prospectus do not contain any provisions on representation of the Bond-
holders. 
 
 
Governing law and venue 
5.17.1 
Governing law 
The Bonds are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with Danish law. 
 
5.17.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
i) 
The Danish courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Bonds, in-
cluding any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the consequences 
of their nullity (a “Dispute”) and all Disputes will be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Danish courts. 
ii) For the purposes of this Condition 5.17.2, each of the Issuer and any Bondholders taking proceedings in relation to any 
Dispute waives any objection to the Danish courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum 
to settle any Dispute. 
 
 
The Issuer’s liability for damages 
i) 
The Issuer will be liable for damages resulting from any delay or default in performing its obligations if such delay or 
default is due to error or negligence. 
 
ii) Even in areas where stricter statutory liability applies, the Issuer is not liable for losses due to: 
a. 
Interruption/lack of access to IT systems or damage to the data of these systems that can be attributed to the 
events below, regardless of whether the Issuer or an external supplier is responsible for the operation of the 
systems; 
b. failures in the Issuer's power supply or telecommunications, statutory intervention or administrative acts, nat-
ural disasters, pandemics, war, insurrection, civil unrest, sabotage, terrorism or vandalism (including cyber 
attacks or incidents such as computer viruses and hacking), strike, lockout, boycott or blockade regardless of 
whether the conflict is directed at or initiated by the Issuer or its organisation and regardless of the reason for 
the conflict (this shall also apply where the conflict only affects part of the Issuer or its organisation); and 
c. 
other circumstances beyond the Issuer's control.

--- Page 40 ---
40
 
iii) The Issuer's exemption from liability does not apply if: 
a. 
The Issuer should have anticipated the circumstance causing the loss when this Base Prospectus was published 
or Bonds were issued or should have avoided or overcome the cause of the loss; or  
b. The Issuer is liable for the circumstance causing the loss, pursuant to Danish law.

--- Page 41 ---
41
6 
 Template for Final Terms 
Below is shown a template for the Final Terms applicable to the issue of Bonds under the Base Prospectus. Text in italics in the 
below template indicates instructions on how to fill out the field. 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
Danish Ship Finance A/S 
LEI code: 549300T70JXFWEXCK295 
Business Reg. No. (CVR-nr.): 27492649 
(“The Issuer”) 
 
 
For the issue of [Ship Covered Bonds (SCB)/Ship Mortgage Bonds (SMB)/Senior Secured Bonds] 
 
These final terms (“Final Terms”) shall only apply to [Ship Covered Bonds (SMB)/Ship Mortgage Bonds (SMB)/Senior Secured 
Bonds] issued in the ISIN code stated below (the “Bonds”). The Bonds are issued according to the Issuer’s base prospectus for 
the issue of Ship Covered Bonds (“SCB”), Ship Mortgage bonds (“SMB”) and bonds issued, pursuant to Section 2j of the Act 
(“Senior Secured Bonds”) dated on 9 July 2024 and any supplement to this base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”). 
 
Together with the terms of the bonds in the Base Prospectus section 5 “TERMS AND CONDITIONS”, these Final Terms con-
stitute the terms of the issued Bonds. 
 
The total prospectus for the Bonds consists of the Base Prospectus and the Final Terms. Definitions stated in these Final Terms 
shall be understood in accordance with the definitions in section 5 “TERMS AND CONDITIONS” of the Base Prospectus. 
Definitions stated elsewhere in the Base Prospectus will have the same meaning in the Final Terms unless otherwise stated by 
the context. 
 
The Issuer declares that: 
- 
the Final Terms were prepared according to the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in connection with the Base 
Prospectus in order to obtain all relevant details about the Bonds  
- 
the Base Prospectus, including any supplements, has been made available electronically on the Issuer’s website 
www.shipfinance.dk 
- 
the Base Prospectus, including any supplements, and the Final Terms must be read in order to obtain all information  
- 
[the summary of the Bonds has been attached as Appendix A to these Final Terms.] [The reference to the summary is 
to be removed in the event it is not relevant to the specific issue] 
 
MiFID II product management/target markets 
 
[MiFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties target market 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail 
clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (“MiFID II”); EITHER [(ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Bonds are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR 
[(ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the 
following channels for distribution of the Bonds to retail clients are appropriate – investment advice[,/and] portfolio manage-
ment[,/ and][non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s (as defined below) suitability and ap-
propriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently of-
fering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into consideration [the/each] manufacturer’s target mar-
ket assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropri-
ate distribution channels, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable.] 
 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties target market 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; EI-
THER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management,

--- Page 42 ---
42
non-advised sales and pure execution services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Bonds to retail clients are appropriate - investment 
advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s (as 
defined below) suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, 
subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable.] 
 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, 
each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (“MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds 
(a “distributor”) should take into consideration [the/each] manufacturer’s target market assessment; however, a distributor sub-
ject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Details of any negative target market to be included if appli-
cable]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into consideration 
the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
[Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
The Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or 
selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
 
[Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors  
The Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 
to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below) as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
 
 
 
Series/Capital Centre 
[Capital Centre A/Institute in General]

--- Page 43 ---
43
Bond type 
 
[SMBs/SCBs/ Senior Secured Bonds] 
 
ISIN  
 
[•] 
 
Trading 
[Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S] [name of other Regulated Market] [The bonds are not in-
tended for trading and official listing] 
 
First day of listing 
[[•](First day the Bonds are admitted to trading and possibly listed on a Regulated 
Market)] / [The bonds are not admitted to trading and official listing] 
 
Currency 
 
[DKK/EUR/•] 
 
Denomination 
[•]/[All trades in Bonds as well as the initial subscription must be made in trading units 
of at least [minimum trading unit.] A Bondholder who, as a result of trading in such 
trading units, holds Bonds of a value which is less than [minimum trading unit] in its 
custody account with the relevant settlement system will not be able to sell the remain-
der of such holding without first purchasing Bonds of a nominal value of or in excess 
of [minimum trading unit], such that its holding will amount to or exceed [minimum 
trading unit]] 
 
Issue Price 
 
[•] percent of the Principal [plus accrued interest from [•]] 
 
Issue Date 
[•] 
 
Number of interest 
[•] 
Payment Dates per year 
 
Principal 
[•] 
 
 
Number of outstanding Bonds [The number of outstanding Bonds will be announced regularly at Nasdaq Copenhagen 
A/S’ website: www.nasdaqomxnordic.com] 
[other regulated or similar markets where bonds of the same ISIN have already been 
admitted to trading]  
 
Interest Basis  
[Fixed Rate Bonds][Floating Rate Bonds][Zero Coupon Bonds]. 
(if applicable, description of the conditions to switch between fixed, zero and floating 
rates until maturity). 
 
Interest Coupon 
[[ ] percent per annum Fixed Rate] 
 
[Reference Rate + Interest Rate Spread percent Floating Rate] 
 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
 
Reference Rate 
[Not applicable][ month [[currency] EURIBOR/CIBOR/CITA] [•][[currency] EURI-
BOR/CIBOR/CITA] is provided by [legal name of benchmark administrator] (the 
"Administrator"). On the date of these Final Bond Terms, the Administrator is [not] 
included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority, in accordance with Article 36 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "Benchmarks Regulation"). [As far as the Issuer is 
aware, the transitional provisions of Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, 
and the Administrator is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration.] 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [specify benchmark (as this term is defined in the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation)] [does not fall within the scope of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 
by virtue of Article 2 of that regulation/the transitional provisions in Article 51 of Reg-
ulation (EU) 2016/1011 apply] such that [legal name of the benchmark administrator] 
is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the 
European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).

--- Page 44 ---
44
 
[Information about the past and the future performance of the Reference Rate and its 
volatility can be obtained at [insert relevant information].] 
 
Interest Rate Spread(s) 
[Not applicable][•] 
 
Minimum Interest 
[Not applicable][•] 
Coupon 
 
Maximum Interest  
[Not applicable][•] 
Coupon 
 
Fixing methods 
[Not Applicable][[x] last Banking Day][•] 
 
Day Count Fraction 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)][Actual/360][•] 
 
Determination Date 
[•] 
 
Interest Commencement 
[•] 
Date  
 
Banking Day 
[Danish Banking Day] [TARGET2 Banking Day] [•] 
 
Banking Day Convention 
[Following Banking Day Convention]/[Modified Following Banking Day Conven-
tion]/[Preceding Banking Day Convention]/[Not Applicable] 
 
First bond coupon  
First bond coupon is [•]%. The first interest period runs from and including [•] to [•]. 
 
Effective interest rate 
[•]/[The effective interest rate cannot be provided as the Bonds are issued on tap, and the 
effective interest rate depends on the price and the transaction date.]  
 
Interest rate floor/cap 
[Insert description]. 
 
 
Price at redemption 
[Not applicable] [100] [Market price] [other description] 
 
 
Amortisation 
The Bond is a [bullet loan/ annuity loan/ serial loan/ or other amortisation]. The Issuer 
may make an extraordinary redemption prior to the maturity date if the interest be-
comes negative in the payment period. 
 
Payment Dates 
[•] 
 
Payment Period 
[•] 
 
Redemption dates 
[Not applicable] [The first redemption date is on [•]. Subsequent redemption may take 
place annually on each payment date [•]]. 
 
Termination 
[Not applicable] [The Bonds are convertible and may be terminated for expiry on a 
payment date in the event of the borrower’s extraordinary redemption.] [The Bonds are 
non-terminable by the creditor.] 
 
Opening date  
[•] 
 
Closing Date  
[•] (last date for which the ISIN is open for issuance) 
 
Maturity Date 
[•]

--- Page 45 ---
45
Value date 
[In general, when the Bonds are traded, the value date is two banking days, but excep-
tions may be made.] 
 
Calculation Agent 
[Issuer] [•]  
 
Restrictions on the  
[•] 
individual investor’s  
right to subscribe for  
the Bonds 
 
Place of Recording 
[VP Securities A/S (branded as "Euronext Securities Copenhagen") 
Nicolai Eigtveds Gade 8 
1402 Copenhagen K 
Denmark] 
 
[name and address of other central securities depository] 
 
Names and addresses  
[•] 
of the financial  
intermediaries 
 
 
Access to information 
[Yes][No] 
on Bondholders 
  
 
Rating  
 
[Yes] [No][the bonds being issued [are expected/not expected to  
be] rated by [•] 
 
 
Early Redemption 
[Not applicable][•] 
Amount 
 
Issuer Call  
 
[Applicable][terms for exercise of Call Option] / [Not applicable]  
 
Redemption Schedule 
[Not Applicable][•] 
 
Tax Gross Up 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Terms and conditions 
Together with section 5 ”TERMS AND CONDITIONS” of the “Base Prospectus for 
Danish Ship Finance A/S Bond Programme”, including the related supplements or ap-
pendices, these Final Terms constitute the terms and conditions for the issued Bonds. 
 
General terms  
[•] 
 
Conflicts of interest 
[Yes/No]  
[Insert description]. 
 
Authorisation regarding issue [•] 
 
Prohibition of sales to  
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
EEA Retail Investors 
 
Prohibition of sales to  
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
UK Retail Investors 
 
Estimate of expenses 
[Cannot be specified as it depends on the amount of Bonds in circulation of the ISIN code  
related to admission to 
which depends on the demand of the borrowers][The costs shall not be covered by  
trading  
purchasers of the Bonds] [•]

--- Page 46 ---
46
 
CFI-code for the Bonds 
[•] 
 
 
FISN-code for the Bonds 
[•] 
 
These Final Terms are signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
 
 
____________________________  
 
____________________________ 
Name: 
 
 
 
Name:

--- Page 47 ---
47
7 
Information incorporated in the Base Prospectus by reference 
The Base Prospectus should be read and understood in connection with the following documents that are incorporated in the 
Base Prospectus by reference: 
 
i) 
The Issuer’s audited financial annual reports for the financial years ending 31 December 2023 (the “Danish Ship Fi-
nance 2023 Annual Report”) and 31 December 2022 (the “Danish Ship Finance 2022 Annual Report”), to which 
page references are made in the tables below; 
ii) Pages 28-38 in the Issuer’s Base Prospectus of 11 July 2023 for the offering of covered bonds and ship mortgage bonds 
and addenda to this, which were previously published and registered with the DFSA (which can be viewed online at: 
https://shipfinance.dk/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/dsf-base-prospectus-2023-offentliggoerelsesversion.pdf);   
iii) Pages 27-36 in the Issuer’s Base Prospectus of 11 July 2022 for the offering of covered bonds and ship mortgage bonds 
and addenda to this, which were previously published and registered with the DFSA (which can be viewed online at: 
https://www.skibskredit.dk/media/2220/dsf-base-prospectus-2022-final.pdf);   
iv) Pages 28-37 in the Issuer’s Base Prospectus of 9 July 2021 for the offering of covered bonds and ship mortgage bonds 
and addenda to this, which were previously published and registered with the DFSA (which can be viewed online at: 
https://www.skibskredit.dk/media/2130/base-prospectus-2021-danish-ship-finance-as.pdf); 
v) Appendix 2 (Terms & Conditions) (pages 86-10) of the Issuer’s Base Prospectus of 4 October 2017 for the offer-
ing of covered bonds, ship mortgage bonds, senior secured bonds and senior unsecured debt and addenda to this, 
which were previously published and registered with the DFSA (which can be viewed online at: 
https://www.skibskredit.dk/media/1744/basisprospekt-26-oktober-2017.pdf); 
vi) Paragraphs 6.4-6.7 (pages 34-38) and pages 44-46 of the Issuer’s Base Prospectus of 24 August 2009 for bonds 
issued by the Issuer and addenda to this, which were previously published and registered with the DFSA (which 
can be viewed online at: https://www.skibskredit.dk/media/1354/basisprospekt20092pdf-nr-19.pdf); 
vii) The Articles of Association of the Issuer (which can be viewed online at: 
https://shipfinance.dk/wp-content/uploads/2024/05/articles-of-association-march-2018-1.pdf); and 
viii) the Danish Ship Finance 2023 Risk Report (which can be viewed online at: https://skibskredit.dk/investor-relations-
parent/risk-and-capital-management/); 
 
Information in the above-mentioned documents is deemed to be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus, save 
that any statement contained in a document that is deemed to be incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed to be modified 
or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such 
earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, 
except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. Any documents or information themselves 
incorporated by reference, or cross-referred to, in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall not form 
part of this Base Prospectus unless also separately incorporated by reference above. In each case where only certain sections of 
a document referred to above are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus, the parts of the document that are not incor-
porated by reference are either not relevant to prospective investors in the Bonds or are covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
 
The Issuer will provide, without charge, to each person to whom a copy of this Base Prospectus has been delivered, upon the 
oral or written request of such person, a copy of any or all of the documents that are incorporated in whole or in part by reference 
herein. Written or oral requests for such documents should be directed to the Issuer at its principal office set out at the end of 
this Base Prospectus.  
 
Audited annual report for the Issuer, financial year 2023 
Statement by the Management on the annual report
page 
106
Independent auditor’s report 
pages 
107-110
Income statement 
page 
63
Balance sheet 
page 
64
Statement of changes in equity 
page 
65
Notes 
pages 
66-104
 
Link to the Annual Report for 2023: https://www.skibskredit.dk/media/2389/dsf-annual-report-2023_270224-v2.pdf 
 
 
Audited annual report for the Issuer, financial year 2022 
Statement by the Management on the annual report
page 
92
Independent auditor’s report 
pages 
93-96
Income statement 
page 
51

--- Page 48 ---
48
Balance sheet 
page 
52
Statement of changes in equity 
page 
53
Notes 
pages 
54-90
 
Link to the Annual Report for 2022: https://skibskredit.dk/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/dsf-annual-report-2022.pdf    
8 
Use of proceeds 
 
SCBs and SMBs 
The net proceeds from each issue of SCBs and SMBs will be used by the Issuer to make loans secured against ship mortgages.  
 
The Issuer may issue the SCBs and SMBs prior to the need to fund loans (pre-funding). The net proceeds from the issuance of 
SCBs can be invested in assets permissible according to CRR, Article 129. The net proceeds from the issuance of SMBs may, in 
accordance with the Act, be invested in secure and liquid securities.  
 
It is not relevant to state total expected net proceeds from issues under this Base Prospectus as the volume of the bond issues will 
depend on the development of the Issuer’s business. 
 
 
Senior Secured Bonds 
Senior Secured Bonds can be issued for the purpose of providing supplementary collateral for SCBs issued from Capital Centre 
A or with a view to building up overcollateralisation in support of SCBs issued from Capital Centre A or SMBs issued from the 
Institute in General. 
 
The net proceeds from the issuance of Senior Secured Bonds can also be invested in assets permissible according to Article 129 
of the CRR.

--- Page 49 ---
49
9 
About the Issuer 
 
Background 
Danish Ship Finance was originally founded on 6 June 1961 as Danmarks Skibskreditfond (Denmark’s Ship Credit Fund) by 
Danish banks, insurance companies, shipping companies, shipyards – represented by their trade associations – and Danmarks 
Nationalbank (the Danish Central Bank) to commence ship financing operations. No capital was originally contributed to Dan-
marks Skibskreditfond, but the members of the four above-mentioned trade associations and Danmarks Nationalbank subscribed 
for the foundation’s guarantee capital. 
 
The objective of establishing Danmarks Skibskreditfond was to create a permanent source of funding for Danish shipowners and 
new built vessels from Danish shipyards and thereby provide a financial foundation for the ongoing development of the Danish 
maritime sector. This main objective still applies as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Until the mid-1990s, Danmarks Skibskreditfond was engaged in the financing of vessels built by Danish shipyards. Since 1997, 
the mandate has been gradually extended to the financing of vessels that are neither built in Denmark nor owned by Danish 
shipowners. 
 
In 2005, Danmarks Skibskreditfond was converted into a public limited liability company (in Danish: aktieselskab). The con-
version was affected via a merger with a 100% owned subsidiary, which continued as the surviving company. The merger be-
tween Danmarks Skibskreditfond and Danish Ship Finance was based on the framework agreement dated 17 January 2005 be-
tween Danmarks Skibskreditfond, the Danish Ministry of Economic and Business Affairs and Danmarks Nationalbank. The 
agreement laid down the framework for the conversion of Danmarks Skibskreditfond into a public limited company. The main 
objective of the conversion was to reform the framework for the Company’s future operations, including a partial adjustment of 
the provisions to match those applicable to other financial institutions. As a consequence of the conversion, DKK 8,343 million 
of the equity of the Issuer was encapsulated in the form of a tied-up reserve capital that cannot be distributed to the shareholders 
or any others. 
 
In 2015, the Board of Directors of Danish Ship Finance initiated a review of the company’s future strategic direction. As part of 
this process, the majority of shares (86.6%) in Danish Ship Finance was sold to a consortium consisting of Axcel, PKA and PFA 
(as further outlined below). As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the consortium owns 86.6% of Danish Ship Finance via 
Danish Ship Finance Holding A/S (“Danish Ship Finance Holding”). See Section 9.2.2 (Ownership structure) below. The 
Danish Maritime Fund owns approximately 10% of the share capital in Danish Ship Finance, while the remaining 3.4% of the 
share capital of Danish Ship Finance is owned by minority shareholders (the "DSF Minority Shareholders"). 
 
On 10 June 2024 it was announced that Magellan Capital Holdings Ltd (“Magellan”) has agreed to acquire all of PKA's, PFA's 
and Axcel's shares (through AX IV HoldCo A/S) in Danish Ship Finance Holding (the "Share Purchase Transaction"). Ma-
gellan will also as part of the Share Purchase Transaction acquire the shares in Danish Ship Finance Holding owned by Members 
of the Board of Directors, Executive Board of Danish Ship Finance Holding and Danish Ship Finance and employees of Danish 
Ship Finance. As part of the Share Purchase Transaction, it has been agreed that Axcel will retain an indirect ownership of up to 
5% of the Issuer for a period of up to two years after closing of the Share Purchase Transaction. No later than after the lapse of 
this two-year-period, Magellan will become the owner of these shares. The DSF Minority Shareholders have as part of the Share 
Purchase Transaction received an offer for purchase of their shares at same price and terms as agreed in the Share Purchase 
Transaction (the "The DSF Minority Shareholders Tender Offer"). The DSF Minority Shareholders that do not wish to sell 
their shares cannot be compulsory redeemed. The Share Purchase Transaction is expected to be completed shortly after the date 
of this Base Prospectus and in any case during the second half of 2024. Upon completion of the Share Purchase Transaction, it 
is contemplated that Danish Ship Finance Holding will merge into the Issuer with the Issuer being the surviving entity (the 
"Danish Ship Finance Merger"). The Danish Ship Finance Merger will have no operational effect on the Issuer but will simplify 
the company structure. 
 
Section 9.2.2. (Ownership structure) below describes the ownership structure of the Issuer (i) as of the date of this Base Pro-
spectus, (ii) upon completion of the Share Purchase Transaction and (iii) upon completion of the Danish Ship Finance Merger.  
 
 
The Issuer 
The Issuer is a privately held Denmark-based public limited liability company (in Danish: aktieselskab) that operates under 
Danish law.  
 
The registered name of the Issuer is Danmarks Skibskredit A/S. The Issuer also operates under the following secondary names:

--- Page 50 ---
50
- 
Danish Ship Finance A/S  
- 
Danmarks Skibskreditfond A/S  
- 
Dansk Skibsfinansiering A/S 
 
The Issuer, which was incorporated on 22 December 2003, is registered with the Danish Business Authority under the business 
registration no. (CVR-nr.) 27 49 26 49. The Issuer’s LEI code is: 549300T70JXFWEXCK295. The Issuer’s GIIN no. is: Q8HZ6L 
99999 SL 208.  
 
The objective of the Issuer is to provide ship financing in Denmark. In addition, in accordance with Article 2 of the Articles of 
Association of Danish Ship Finance, Danish Ship Finance provides ship financing on the international market, provided that 
such activities do not unnecessarily limit Danish Ship Finance’s Danish operations.  
  
The Issuer is domiciled in Copenhagen. The Issuer’s municipality of residence is Copenhagen. The Issuer is governed by Danish 
law and is registered in Denmark. The address and telephone number for the Issuer’s registered office is: 
 
Danish Ship Finance A/S 
Sankt Annae Plads 3 
DK- 1250 Copenhagen K 
Telephone: (+45) 33 33 93 33 
Email: Danish@shipfinance.dk  
Website: www.shipfinance.dk (the information stated on the website shall not constitute part of the Base Prospectus unless the 
information is incorporated in the Base Prospectus by reference). 
 
The Issuer anticipates moving to a new domicile in 2024 or 2025 once an ongoing renovation project is completed. Following 
this, the registered address of the Issuer will become: 
 
Danish Ship Finance A/S 
Langebrogade 5 
DK- 1411 Copenhagen K 
 
 
9.2.1 
Share capital 
 
The Issuer’s share capital is DKK 333,333,334, divided into shares of DKK 1, corresponding to the Issuer having issued 
333,333,334 shares. The share capital is fully paid up. The shares are divided into two share classes. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the class A shares in the nominal amount of DKK 300,000,000 are held by Danish Ship Finance Holding and a small 
number of minority shareholders (the DSF Minority Shareholders). See Section 9.1(Background) above and Section 9.2.2 (Own-
ership Structure) for a description of the Share Purchase Transaction. The class B shares in the nominal amount of DKK 
33,333,334 are held by Den Danske Maritime Fond (the Danish Maritime Fund). The Danish Maritime Fund will remain the 
shareholder of the class B shares after completion of the Share Purchase Transaction and the Danish Ship Finance Merger.  
 
The two classes of shares differ with respect to voting and dividend rights. Class A shares carry 10 votes each at the Issuer’s 
general meeting, whereas class B shares carry one vote each. Furthermore, before any dividends are distributed to all of the 
shareholders, the class B shareholder will receive a preferential dividend of 15% of the Issuer’s annual profit after tax provided 
that Den Danske Maritime Fond (the Danish Maritime Fund) owns the class B shares. However, dividend payments to the class 
B shareholder must not exceed a maximum amount corresponding to 1% of the Issuer’s tied-up reserve capital. If the Issuer 
records a loss after tax in any one year, such loss will be deducted when calculating the basis for distributing preference dividends 
to the class B shareholder the following year. Similarly, the class A shareholders will not receive any dividends or distributions 
in connection with a capital reduction until the tied-up reserve capital used, in whole or in part, to cover prior-year losses has 
been fully restored. 
 
The shares are issued to named holders and recorded in the Issuer’s register of shareholders.  
 
No share certificates are issued. 
 
According to article 3.3 of the Issuer’s Articles of Association, any transfer of shares is subject to the consent of the Board of 
Directors.

--- Page 51 ---
51
9.2.2 
Ownership structure 
Ownership structure as of the date of this Base Prospectus 
 
The Issuer is a subsidiary of Danish Ship Finance Holding (“DSH”), which holds 86.6% of the shares. In addition, Den Danske 
Maritime Fund (the Danish Maritime Fund) holds approximately 10% of the shares, while the remaining 3.4% is held by a small 
number of minority shareholders (the DSF Minority Shareholders). 
 
DSH is a holding company, mainly owned by Axcel (through AX IV HoldCo A/S), PFA Pension, forsikringsaktieselskab and 
PKA (The Social Workers’, Social Pedagogues’ and Office Staff Pension Fund, the Healthcare Professionals’ Pension Fund and 
the State Registered Nurses’ and Medical Secretaries’ Pension Fund) (each of whom owns around 33% of the share capital of 
Danish Ship Finance Holding). Members of the Board of Directors, Executive Board of Danish Ship Finance Holding and Danish 
Ship Finance and employees of Danish Ship Finance hold 2.3%. 
 
The Issuer currently has no subsidiaries but may take over companies from time to time in the course of restructuring and settling 
non-performing loans. 
 
 
The Issuer does not depend on other entities in the group to carry out its principal activities, which will remain the same after 
completion of the Share Purchase Transaction and the Danish Ship Finance Merger.  
 
The Act and the Danish Companies Act, Consolidated Act no. 1168 of 1 September 2023, as amended (in Danish: selskabsloven) 
lay down the rules to prevent abuse by a major shareholder of a controlling interest. The Issuer has not taken any special precau-
tions to prevent DSH’s abuse of its controlling interest in the Issuer, which will remain the same after completion of the Share 
Purchase Transaction in respect of Magellan who will then have a controlling interest in the Issuer. 
 
The Issuer is aware of DSH having issued Tier 2 capital instruments, which, under certain conditions (if the Common Equity 
Tier 1 is lower than 7%), may be converted into shares in DSH, which may result in a change of control of DSH and, thus, 
indirectly of the Issuer. The Issuer is aware that the Tier 2 capital instruments is intended to be refinanced by way of conversion 
thereof into equity in DSH, which will take place prior to the Danish Ship Finance Merger.  
 
The Issuer is aware that the shareholders in DSH, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, have entered into a shareholders’ 
agreement that may subsequently, under certain circumstances, result in a change of control of DSH and, thus, indirectly of the 
Issuer. 
 
Ownership structure as of the date of completion of the Share Purchase Transaction 
 
AX IV HoldCo 
A/S 
~32.5% 
Danish Ship Finance 
Holding A/S 
~86.6% 
DSF Minority Shareholders 
~3.4% 
The Danish Maritime 
Fund 
~10% 
Danish Ship Finance A/S 
PKA A/S 
 
~32.6% 
PFA A/S 
 
~32.6% 
Members of Board of Directors, 
management and staff 
~2.3%

--- Page 52 ---
52
Upon completion of the Share Purchase Transaction, the Issuer will remain a subsidiary of DSH with The Danish Maritime Fund 
maintaining its ownership of approximately 10%  of the share capital of the Issuer. The DSF Minority Shareholders will, subject 
to their accept of the DSF Minority Shareholders Tender Offer, remain shareholders of the Issuer. At the date of this Base 
Prospectus, some but not all the DSF Minority Shareholders have accepted to sell their shares in the Issuer pursuant to the DSF 
Minority Shareholders Tender Offer. Axcel (through Axcel IV K/S', Axcel IV K/S 2's, AX Management Invest K/S' and AX 
Management Invest II K/S' (hereinafter the "Selling Axcel Entities") will for a period of up to two years after completion of the 
Share Purchase Transaction retain an up to 15% ownership of the share capital of AX HoldCo A/S. No later than after the lapse 
of this two-year-period, Magellan will acquire the Selling Axcel Entities' shares in AX HoldCo A/S.    
 
Ownership structure as of the date of completion of the Danish Ship Finance Merger 
 
Upon completion of the Danish Ship Finance Merger, the ownership structure of the Issuer will, subject to the DSF Minority 
Shareholders' accept of DSF Minority Shareholders Tender Offer, look as follows. The Issuer’s approved business areas 
AX IV HoldCo A/S 
~32.5% 
Magellan  
85% 
Danish Ship Finance 
Holding A/S 
~86.6% 
Minority Shareholders 
~3.4% 
The Danish Maritime 
Fund 
~10% 
Danish Ship Finance A/S 
Selling Axcel Entities 
15% 
Magellan  
~67.5% 
AX IV HoldCo A/S 
~28.1% 
Magellan  
85% 
Minority Shareholders 
~3.4% 
The Danish Maritime Fund 
~10% 
Danish Ship Finance A/S 
Selling Axcel Entities 
15% 
Magellan  
~58.5%

--- Page 53 ---
53
The Issuer has been permitted by the DFSA to perform activities as a ship finance institute according to the Act. The Issuer’s 
cross-border activities may in some cases require separate regulatory license, exemption from license or permission. The Issuer 
may rely on external counsel to identify or interpret such requirements. 
 
9.2.3 
Area of activity 
As of 31 December 2023, the Issuer’s loan book equalled DKK 32 billion, collateralised by a total of 596 vessels. 
 
The object of the Issuer is to operate as a ship finance institute, including engaging in any activities permitted according to 
legislation applicable to a Danish ship finance institute from time to time. The object of the Issuer is to provide ship financing in 
Denmark. In addition, the Issuer provides ship financing in the international market provided that those activities do not unnec-
essarily limit the Company’s Danish operations.  
 
 
 
The Issuer intends to develop new mortgage finance products and pursue new business opportunities within the ship mortgage 
finance business and to the extent it is deemed commercially viable.  
 
The Issuer’s principal market is Denmark. Other principal markets are the rest of Europe, North America and Asia. 
 
 
  
9.2.4 
Risk organisation 
The Issuer has a two-tier management structure: 
 
• 
The Board of Directors defines the Issuer’s principles of risk and capital management, risk policies and risk limits.  
 
• 
The Executive Board is responsible for the implementation of these principles and policies and for the day-to-day man-
agement and monitoring of risk limits.  
 
The Board of Directors is provided with reports on a regular basis in order to assess the adequacy and effectiveness of the risk 
management as well as compliance with applicable laws and regulations. 
 
The Board of Directors has nominated an audit committee responsible for reviewing accounting and audit-related matters. To 
ensure an appropriate remuneration structure, the Board of Directors has also set up a remuneration committee. 
 
The Executive Board has set up a credit committee responsible for reviewing lending commitments. 
 
The Issuer distinguishes between the following general types of risk: 
- 
Credit risk reflects the risk of loss as a result of the non-performance of borrowers and counterparties. 
- 
Market risk reflects the risk of loss as a result of movements in financial market rates (interest rate, foreign exchange, 
volatility risk, etc.). 
- 
Liquidity risk reflects the risk of loss as a result of insufficient liquidity to cover current payment obligations.

--- Page 54 ---
54
- 
Operational risk reflects the risk of loss as a result of inadequate or failed internal processes, human error, systems fails 
or external events. 
 
For further information, see the Danish Ship Finance’s risk report for 2023, which is incorporated into this Base Prospectus by 
reference. See Section 7 (Information incorporated in the Base Prospectus by reference)  
 
9.2.5 
Capital structure 
The determination of the Issuer’s own funds and internal capital adequacy is affected by the Issuer’s overall financial position. 
Similarly, the Issuer’s credit rating is also affected by the Issuer’s overall financial position. Any material changes in the Issuer’s 
overall financial position may, therefore, have derived effects on the Issuer’s possibility to conduct its principal activities, i.e. 
the granting of loans. 
 
The tables below based on the Issuer’s Annual Report 2023 and the Annual Report 2022 show the Issuer’s capital structure, 
capital ratios, adequate capital base and buffer requirements. 
 
 
 
 
DKK MILLION 
2023 
 
2022
CAPITAL ADEQUACY 
 
 
 
 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital 
 
 
Share capital A shares 
300 
 
300
Share capital B shares 
33 
 
33
Tied-up reserve capital  
8,343 
 
8,343
Retained earnings 
1,342 
 
842
Proposed dividends for the financial year 
320 
 
167
Revaluation reserves 
70 
 
70
Total Common Equity Tier 1 capital 
10,407 
 
9,755
 
 
 
Deductions from Common Equity Tier 1 capital 
 
 
Proposed dividends for the financial year 
320 
 
167
Additional capital charge pursuant to the Executive Order 
 
 
    on a Ship Finance Institute 
- 
 
-
Prudent valuation pursuant to Article 105 of the CRR 
37 
 
31
Deductions for NPE Loss coverage 
64 
 
260
Deductions pursuant to transitional rules regarding B share capital 
33 
 
33
Total deductions from Common Equity Tier 1 capital 
455 
 
492
 
 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital after deductions 
9,263 
 
9,263
 
 
 
Own funds after deductions 
9,952 
 
9,263
 
 
 
DKK MILLION 
2023 
 
2022
Risk exposure amount 
 
 
Assets outside the trading book 
32,842 
 
34,414
Off-balance sheet items 
1,546 
 
1,892
Counterparty risk outside the trading book 
2,995 
 
2,645
Market risk 
3,660 
 
2,625

--- Page 55 ---
55
Operational risk 
1,050 
 
813
Total risk exposure amount 
42,093 
 
42,389
 
 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio 
23.6 
 
21.9
Tier 1 capital ratio 
23.6 
 
21.9
Total capital ratio 
23.6 
 
21.9
 
 
 
The risk exposure amount for market risk consists of: 
 
 
Position risk related to debt instruments 
3,216 
 
1,994
Position risk related to shares 
18 
 
93
Total currency position 
425 
 
538
Total risk exposure amount for market risk 
3,660 
 
2,625
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
9.2.6 
Financing 
No material changes have taken place to the Issuer’s credit requirements and financial structure since the latest annual report. 
The Issuer finances its lending activity through issues of SCBs and SMBs. 
 
9.2.7 
Financial information of the Issuer 
See section 7 “INFORMATION INCORPORATED IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS BY REFERENCE” above regarding the 
financial information of Danish Ship Finance incorporated into this Base Prospectus by reference.  
 
The above-mentioned financial data were prepared in accordance with the national rules, the FBA, including the Executive Order 
no. 281 of 26 March 2014, as amended most recently through the Executive Order no. 116 of 27 January 2023 on Financial 
Reports for Credit Institutions and Investment Companies, etc., as consistent with the International Financial Reporting Standards 
(“IFRS”). 
 
9.2.8 
Lawsuits or arbitration proceedings against the Issuer 
No governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings had been brought against the Issuer within the past 12 months prior to the date 
of this Base Prospectus that could have or that in the recent past have had a significant effect on the Issuer and/or the Issuer’s 
financial position or results. 
 
9.2.9 
Material contract 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has not entered into material contracts outside its normal course of business 
that could cause the Issuer to assume obligations or acquire rights that would affect the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations 
towards the Bondholders with respect to the Bonds. 
 
9.2.10 
Ratings 
The Issuer currently has an S&P issuer rating of BBB+ (stable). The Issuer’s SCBs from Capital Centre A have an S&P pro-
gramme rating of A (stable). The Issuer’s SMBs from the Institute in General have an S&P programme rating of A (stable). The 
rating of any Senior Secured Bonds issued by the Institute in General is expected to reflect the Issuer’s issuer rating and will, if 
rated, be specified in the relevant Final Terms. S&P’s credit rating reports may be obtained via https://www.skibskredit.dk/in-
vestor-relations/rating-og-obligationer/.

--- Page 56 ---
56
10 Board of Directors and Executive Board of the Issuer 
The table below shows the names and positions of the members of the Board of Directors and the Executive Board of the Issuer 
on the date of this Base Prospectus as well as principal activities undertaken by them outside of Danish Ship Finance, where 
such activities are of significance to the Issuer. 
 
Board of Directors 
Name 
Position 
Directorships and executive positions: 
 
 
Eivind Kolding 
Chairman of the Board 
 
Chairman of the Remunera-
tion Committee 
Professional Board Member 
 
Chairman of: 
- 
NTG Nordic Transport Group A/S 
- 
DAFA A/S 
- 
MFT Energy A/S 
 
Vice Chairman of: 
- 
Leo Fondet  
- 
NNIT A/S 
 
- 
Member of the Board of Directors: Altor Fund Man-
ager AB 
Peter Nygaard 
Deputy Chairman of the 
Board 
 
Member of the Audit Com-
mittee 
 
Senior Advisor, Axcel 
 
Member of the Board of Directors: 
- 
Øens Murerfirma A/S 
- 
Nuuday A/S 
 
Chairman/member of a number of boards in the Axcel Group 
Marcus F. Christen-
sen 
 
Staff-elected Director 
Senior Client Executive 
Anders Damgaard 
Director 
 
Chairman of the Audit Com-
mittee 
Group CFO, PFA Pension 
 
Member of the Board of Directors: 
- 
Blue Equity Management A/S 
- 
Danish Ship Finance Holding A/S 
- 
PFA Asset Management A/S 
- 
PFA Kapitalforening  
- 
Finansforeningen 
Christian Frigast 
Director 
 
Member of the Remunera-
tion Committee 
 
Partner, Axcel 
 
Chairman of the Board of Directors: 
- 
Axcel Management 
- 
Axcelfuture 
- 
Danish Ship Finance Holding A/S  
- 
Aktive Ejere (Active Owners) 
- 
The Board Leadership Society in Denmark  
 
Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors: 
- 
Pandora  
- 
PostNord  
- 
Axcel Advisory Board  
 
Member of the Board of Directors: 
- 
Nissens A/S

--- Page 57 ---
57
- 
EIFO Danmarks Eksport- og Investeringsfond (Denmark’
Export and Investment Fund)  
CBS Executive Fonden 
 
Associate professor at CBS (Copenhagen Business School)
Thor Jørgen Gut-
tormsen 
Director 
 
Member of the Remunera-
tion Committee 
Professional Board Member 
 
Member of the Board of Directors:  
- 
Høegh Autoliners ASA 
- 
Telenor Maritime AS  
- 
Aequitas Ltd 
Andreas Hertz-
Poulsen 
Staff-elected Director 
Head of Risk Management 
Henriette Søgaard 
Fabricius 
Staff-elected Director 
 
Senior Loan Manager 
Jacob Meldgaard 
Director 
 
Member of the Remunera-
tion Committee 
CEO, Torm A/S 
 
 
Member of the Board of Directors:  
- 
Danish Shipping (Danske Rederier) 
- 
 
- 
TORM Plc (board member in five companies under 
TORM) 
- 
ICS (International Chamber of Shipping) 
Michael N. Pedersen 
Director 
 
Member of the Audit Com-
mittee 
Management Executive, PKA A/S 
 
Management Executive of: 
- 
 
- 
Management Executive of: 
- 
Property companies owned by the  
- 
three pension funds managed by  
- 
PKA A/S 
- 
Ejendomsselskabet  
- 
Dronningegården 
- 
A/S Kjøbenhavns Ejendomsselskab 
- 
Forstædernes Ejendomsaktieselskab 
- 
Sygeplejerskernes og Lægesekretærernes Ejendomsselska
- 
Sundhedsfagliges Ejendomsselskab 
- 
Socialrådgiveres, Socialpædagogers og Kontorpersonales
- 
Ejendomsselskab 
- 
Farmakonomers Ejendomsselskab 
- 
PKA Herning Plus A/S 
- 
IIP Venture II GP ApS 
- 
IIP Private Funds V GP 
- 
PKA Ejendomme P/S 
P/S Karrékvarteret 
Chairman/member of the Advisory Board and investment  
committees of various foundations relating to private equity,  
infrastructure and micro finance due to PKA’s investment in  
such foundations. 
 
Member of the Board of Directors: 
- 
Danish Ship Finance Holding A/S 
- 
Refshaleøens Ejendomsselskab  
- 
A/S 
- 
Refshaleøen Holding 
- 
Hotel Koldingfjord A/S

--- Page 58 ---
58
- 
Fonden Dansk Sygeplejehistorisk  
- 
Museum  
- 
P/S PKAE Ejendom 
- 
P/S Parkering PKAE 
- 
Komplementarselskabet PKA AE  
- 
ApS 
- 
SAS Pilot & Navigators Pension  
- 
Fund 
- 
Investeringsselskabet af 24.  
- 
februar 2015 A/S 
- 
Brokvarteret P/S 
- 
P/S Tranders Høje 
- 
P/S Fredensgård 
- 
Institutional Holding P/S 
- 
PKA Venture I GP ApS 
- 
Falckgården P/S 
- 
PKA AIP A/S 
- 
IIP Denmark P/S 
- 
IIP Denmark GP APS 
- 
PKA Private Funds III GP ApS 
- 
PKA Private Funds IV GP ApS 
- 
PS Gjellerup 
- 
Tuborg Havnevej I I/S  
- 
PKA Ejendomme I I/S  
- 
PKA Ejendomme af 2013 I/S  
- 
PKA Projektselskab I/S  
- 
Institutional Holding GP ApS 
- 
PKA Ejendomme af 2012 I/S 
PKA AE ApS
Christopher Rex 
Staff-elected Director 
Head of Sustainability and Research 
Henrik Sjøgreen 
Director 
 
Member of the Audit Com-
mittee 
Chairman of: 
- 
Simon Fougner Hartmanns Fond 
 
Member of the Board of Directors:  
- 
Henrik Frode Obels Fond 
- 
Spar Nord Bank A/S  
 
Advisor to the Executive Board of PFA Pensionsselskab 
 
Upon completion of the Share Purchase Transaction, it is expected that Ahmad Omar, Chief Investment Officer at Magallan and 
Omar El Ali, Director at Magellan will be appointed members of the Bord of Directors of the Issuer and replace Anders Dam-
gaard, Henrik Sjøgreen and Michael N. Pedersen. The changes to the members of the Board of Directors will be disclosed by 
the Issuer in accordance with applicable disclosure requirements. 
   
 
Executive Board 
 
Erik I. Lassen, Chief Executive Officer 
 
 
Lars Jebjerg, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Risk Officer 
 
 
 
The Executive Board also serves as Executive Board for DSH.

--- Page 59 ---
59
 
The company address for the Board of Directors and the Executive Board of the Issuer is: 
Danish Ship Finance A/S 
Sankt Annae Plads 3 
DK- 1250 Copenhagen K 
Tel. +45 33 33 93 33 
 
 
Conflict of interest 
There are no potential conflicts between the Board of Directors and the Executive Board, between the obligations that the mem-
bers of the Issuer’s Board of Directors and the Executive Board have to the Issuer and their private interests and/or other obliga-
tions. 
 
 
Board committees and good corporate governance 
The Board of Directors of the Issuer has appointed an audit committee and a remuneration committee. These committees advise 
the Board of Directors on specific matters and prepare cases for consideration by the entire Board of Directors within their 
respective areas of responsibility. 
 
10.5.1 
Corporate Governance 
The Board of Directors of the Issuer has decided that the Issuer must act as a listed company in relation to the outside world, 
including operating the company on sound business terms. This means that the Issuer, with a few exceptions due to the special 
ownership structure, the size and the low complexity of the company, complies with the Corporate Governance Committee’s 
revised Recommendations (the “Recommendations”) for good corporate governance, the Finance Denmark Management Code 
of November 2013 and the Active Owners Ethical Guidelines of 2021, which incorporates and complements the Recommenda-
tions.  
 
The overall account of the Issuer’s relationship with good corporate management can be found at: https://www.ship-
finance.dk/the-company/corporate-governance/

--- Page 60 ---
60
11 Taxation  
The following is not a comprehensive analysis of the tax consequences arising in respect of the Bonds. Prospective pur-
chasers of Bonds are advised to consult their tax advisers about the tax consequences under the tax laws of the country 
of which they are residents regarding a purchase of Bonds, including, but not limited to, the consequences of receipts of 
interest and sale or redemption of Bonds. The tax legislation in the member state of Prospective purchasers and the 
Issuer’s country of registration may affect the taxation of the income from the Bonds. 
 
The Issuer does not accept any liability for taxes withheld or for collection of withholding taxes or other taxes irrespective 
of where the Bonds are recorded electronically in dematerialised form.  
 
 
Danish taxation  
Below is a summary of the most essential Danish tax rules that apply in connection with the acquisition, ownership and sale of 
Bonds. The summary is provided for general information purposes only and does not in any way aim to constitute tax or legal 
advice. It is assumed, that the Bondholder in question is the beneficial owner of the Bonds and any interests from the Bonds. 
 
11.1.1 
Investors subject to full tax liability in Denmark 
Investors subject to full tax liability in Denmark are usually natural persons residing in Denmark or persons that are staying in 
Denmark for a period of at least six months only interrupted by short stays abroad for holiday or the like, or whose vital interests 
are in Denmark.  
 
Any interest income and capital gains from Bonds held by natural persons are subject to Danish taxation, whereas any capital 
loss is tax-deductible. Any gains or losses on the Bonds are subject to the de minimis threshold of DKK 2,000 as specified in 
Section 14 of the Consolidated Act no. 1390 of 29 September 2022 on the Taxation of Gains and Losses on Claims, Debts and 
Financial Contracts, as amended (the "Danish Capital Gains Act") (in Danish: kursgevinstloven).  
 
Companies etc. registered as domiciled in Denmark or with the seat of management in Denmark are usually subject to full tax 
liability in Denmark. The same taxation applies if a company etc. has a Danish permanent establishment to which the Bonds are 
allocated for tax purposes. Any interest income or any capital gains from Bonds held by companies taxable to Denmark are 
subject to Danish taxation, whereas any capital loss is tax-deductible. 
  
Under applicable law in Denmark, no withholding taxes are levied on interest payments and payment of principal amounts from 
Bonds.  
 
Interest due as well as possession, redemption and transfer of Bonds must be reported to the Danish tax authorities in accordance 
with applicable rules. 
  
The Issuer is not liable for any changes in the tax treatment of the Bonds or in the tax position of the investors, including, but 
not limited to, any withholding taxes or other taxes imposed by foreign tax authorities. 
 
11.1.2 
Investors not subject to full tax liability in Denmark 
The following tax treatment applies solely to Bondholders who are not subject to full tax liability in Denmark or included in a 
Danish joint taxation scheme and who do not carry out business in Denmark through a permanent establishment to which the 
Bonds are allocated for tax purposes.  
 
According to the Danish tax laws in effect as of the date of this Base Prospectus, (i) repayment of principal amounts to any 
Bondholder are not subject to Danish taxation or withholding taxes, (ii) payments of interest to any Bondholder and (iii) any 
gain realised upon the sale, exchange or retirement of a Bond are not subject to Danish taxation or withholding taxes other than 
in certain cases on payments in respect of controlled debt in relation to the Issuer as referred to in section 2(1)(d) of the Consol-
idated Act no. 1241 of 22 August 2022 on the Danish Corporate Taxation Act, as amended (the "Danish Corporate Taxation 
Act") (in Danish selskabsskatteloven). This will not have any impact on Bondholders who are not directly or indirectly or due to 
agreed jointly control as mentioned in the Danish Corporate Taxation Act in a relationship whereby they control, or are controlled 
by, the Issuer.

--- Page 61 ---
61
 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act  
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as (“FATCA”), a “foreign financial 
institution” (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold certain of its payments (“foreign pass-through payments”) to 
persons failing to meet certain certification, reporting or related requirements. The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for 
these purposes. A number of jurisdictions, including Denmark, have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovern-
mental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in 
their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would 
generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from its payments. Certain aspects of the application of FATCA 
provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Bonds, including whether withholdings would ever be required pursuant to 
FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Bonds, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even 
if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA, or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Bonds, 
such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulation defining foreign 
pass-through payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register, and the Bonds characterised as debt (or which are not other-
wise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal income tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date 
that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign pass-through payments are filed with the U.S. Federal 
Register would generally be grandfathered for the purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date 
(including by reason of a substitution of the Issuer). However, if additional Bonds that are not distinguishable from previously 
issued Bonds are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, with-
holding agents may treat all Bonds, including the Bonds offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject 
to withholding under FATCA. Bondholders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their 
investment in the Bonds.

--- Page 62 ---
62
12 Offering, price determination, sale, registration and execution, etc. 
 
Terms and conditions of the offer of Bonds under the Base Prospectus 
The ISIN is open for new issuance during a determined issue period. The Issuer may issue additional Bonds on the same terms 
during the issue period. The Issuer will typically sell Bonds in blocks to securities dealers, who may choose to sell the Bonds, in 
whole or in part, to other investors. 
 
The issue period of the ISIN is not determined in advance. The Issuer may decide to cease the offer during parts of the opening 
period. The opening period is stated in the Final Terms. The closing date for a new issuance is set out in the Final Terms.  
 
The Issuer has not determined limitations for the number of subscriptions of each investor. The Final Terms will lay out any 
possibility to reduce the number of subscriptions and the method to pay back any excess amounts that investors may have paid. 
 
The minimum amount for investment is equivalent to the denomination of the individual ISIN code. The denomination of the 
Bonds is disclosed in the Final Terms. From time to time, the Final Terms may state a minimum trading unit, which – if so – 
means that trading cannot take place in smaller units than the minimum trading unit stated. Subsequently, the denomination may 
be changed by the Issuer, if this is necessary, for example in the event that Denmark should join the Eurozone.  
 
In connection with SCBs and SMBs, the final size of the issue required (and hence the final size of the offering of the SCBs and 
SMBs) is not known until the ISIN code of the relevant SCBs and SMBs has been closed. The maximum amount that can be 
invested is the total circulating number of SCBs or SMBs in the relevant ISIN. During the opening period, the volume in circu-
lation may be decreased in respect of SMBs and increased in respect of SCBs and SMBs through ongoing issues, auctions, pre-
issues or block issues. When the opening period ends, no more bonds are issued in an ISIN code, and the volume in circulation 
can no longer increase. The volume in circulation will, on an ongoing basis, be stated on Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S’s website, 
nasdaqomxnordic.com (or on the website of any other relevant regulated market). 
 
The volume in circulation of Senior Secured Bonds will vary along with the Issuer’s requirement for supplementary collateral 
and/or excess capital adequacy. The volume in circulation will, on an ongoing basis, be stated on Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S’s 
website, nasdaqomxnordic.com (or on the website of any other relevant regulated market). 
 
In general, when the Bonds are traded, the value date is two banking days (being a day on which both Danish payment systems 
and Danish banks located in Denmark are open for business) after the trade is executed; however, this may be derogated from. 
 
Trading in Bonds admitted to trading in a regulated market is made public in accordance with the rules laid down in the Consol-
idated Act no. 198 of 26 February 2024 on Capital Markets, as amended (the "Danish Capital Markets Act") (in Danish: 
kapitalmarkedsloven) and other relevant legislation. 
 
There are no subscription rights attached to the Bonds. 
 
The Bonds are sold either on tap in the bond market or syndicated bookbuilding. 
 
When Bonds are sold on tap in the bond market, the price and amount are determined in connection with the transaction, and the 
Bonds usually have two banking days’ settlement. 
 
The Issuer has no influence on trading in Bonds between third parties. 
 
 
Plan of allocation and allotment 
Generally, the Bonds can be sold in various ways: 
 
- 
Sale or auction to the market via brokers 
- 
Syndicated book building via organisers 
- 
Private placements, possibly via organisers 
- 
Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S or another regulated market 
 
In the event of regular issues and block issues, SCBs and SMBs are sold on an ongoing basis in the bond market, and no investor 
has any preferential right to buy these. In connection with auctions via book builds, SCBs and SMBs are allocated according to 
the Issuer’s conditions of sale. The SCBs and SMBs are allocated after a period stipulated by the Issuer.

--- Page 63 ---
63
 
Price determination 
The offer price of the Bonds is determined on market terms. Consequently, the price will change over the life of the Bonds. 
 
Other than the market price of the Bonds, buyers of the Bonds are, when trading with the Issuer, not charged costs other than 
ordinary transaction costs. 
 
 
Placing and underwriting 
As an issuer of Bonds, the Issuer is responsible for the coordination of the entire issue. The Issuer has not entered into any 
agreements with paying agents or securities depositaries for Bonds recorded by VP. The Issuer has not entered into any under-
writing agreement or agreement under which a third party undertakes to place Bonds. If the Issuer enters into an agreement 
concerning underwriting by or placement with a third party, such information will be set out in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Agreement on admission to trading and volume of trade 
The Bonds issued under this Base Prospectus have been or are expected to be admitted to trading and to be listed on Nasdaq 
Copenhagen A/S, which constitute a regulated market. The regulated market in which the Bonds are admitted to trading is 
disclosed in the Final Terms. The first day of listing will appear in the Final Terms. However, the Issuer may resolve not to apply 
for official listing of new issues. 
 
The Issuer may enter into an agreement on the quotation of Bonds issued under this Base Prospectus. The agreements can at any 
time – possibly subject to a notice period – be terminated by the parties to the agreement. The agreements can cover all or only 
some Bonds under this Base Prospectus. The Issuer shall be under no obligation to maintain market-maker agreements or to 
enter into new agreements. 
 
 
Yield to maturity 
The yield to maturity of the Bonds cannot be stated in the Final Terms because the Bonds are issued on tap or in block issues, 
and the yield to maturity depends on the price and transaction date. 
 
The yield to maturity on the Bonds offered will depend on the selling price at the time of issue, the time of issue relative to the 
maturity date of the Bonds and the exact composition of the series of payments of the Bonds, which may be changed after the 
time of issue. For bonds that may be prepaid or are regulated via an index or in which index payments are made or where the 
interest rate is floating or where the terms and conditions of the Bond may change, the yield to maturity may only be calculated 
as an approximation. 
 
 
Registration and execution 
Unless another place of registration has been stated in the Final Terms, the Bonds will be issued in a dematerialised register with 
VP. 
 
Ownership of the Bonds shall solely be documented by the items entered in the register at VP or the place of registration that is 
stipulated in the Final Terms. The Bonds cannot be exchanged for physical bonds. 
 
Registration and execution of transactions in connection with the Bonds will take place in accordance with the rules and proce-
dures in force from time to time at VP or the place of registration that is stipulated in the Final Terms. 
 
A bridge currently exists between each of VP, Clearstream Banking, société anonyme (“Clearstream”) and Euroclear Bank, SA 
/ NV (“Euroclear”, and together with Clearstream and VP referred to as the “Securities Depositaries” and each referred to as 
a “Securities Depositary”). 
 
Holders of accounts with Clearstream and/or Euroclear will be able to purchase bonds without holding an account with VP. 
Holders of accounts with any Securities Depositary will be able to transfer Bonds to account holders with any other Securities 
Depositary in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of the relevant Securities Depositary.

--- Page 64 ---
64
 
Financial intermediaries 
In connection with an offering of Bonds to the public, which offering is not exempted from the requirement of the Prospectus 
Regulation to publish a prospectus, the Issuer may, on the basis of a written agreement, accept that, according to Article 5(2) of 
the Prospectus Regulation, financial intermediaries may use the Base Prospectus with a view to re-sale or final placement of the 
Bonds, provided this is stipulated in the Final Terms. In that case, the Issuer agrees to the use of the Base Prospectus. The Issuer 
declares that it assumes responsibility for the contents of the Base Prospectus, also in connection with re-sale or final placement 
of the Bonds via financial intermediaries who have been given an undertaking as regards the use of the Base Prospectus. 
 
Financial intermediaries using this Base Prospectus are obliged to state on their website that they use this Base Prospectus 
in accordance with the related consent and its conditions. 
 
Financial intermediaries who have been given the Issuer's consent on the basis of a written agreement shall hereafter be referred 
to as “Authorised Financial Intermediaries”. The Issuer will update the Base Prospectus on an ongoing basis, possibly through 
supplements, when necessary, with a view to being able to issue Bonds continuously that can be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market. The consent can be in force as long as this Base Prospectus is valid – i.e. up to 12 months from the approval date of the 
Base Prospectus, however, subject to the prior revocation, cancellation or replacement of this Base Prospectus. In such events, 
the Issuer will issue a corporate announcement to that effect. Any conditions relating to the consent made to Authorised Financial 
Intermediaries will be set out in the Final Terms for the specific issue and the attached summary for the specific issue. At the 
time of approval of the Base Prospectus, no consent was given on the basis of a written agreement to any financial intermediary. 
In the event there will be any new information with respect to Authorised Financial Intermediaries, unknown at the time of the 
approval of this Base Prospectus, such information will be made available electronically on the Issuer’s website www.ship-
finance.dk. Authorised Financial Intermediaries may use the Base Prospectus in Denmark, the EU and the UK at re-sale or final 
placement of the Bonds. 
 
In connection with an offering of Bonds to the public, which offering is not exempted from the requirement of the Prospectus 
Regulation to publish a prospectus, the Issuer has, except for the instances mentioned above, not given its consent that any 
financial intermediary or other natural or legal person may use the Base Prospectus for a public offering of Bonds, and hence the 
use of the Base Prospectus is not permitted. Such public offering to which the Issuer has not given its consent for the use of the 
Base Prospectus has not been made by the Issuer nor on behalf of the Issuer. Consequently, the Issuer shall not assume any 
responsibility or liability to pay damages for such offering or the persons who make the offering. 
 
In connection with an offering of Bonds to the public, which offering is not exempted from the requirement of the Prospectus 
Regulation to publish a prospectus, any investor in the Bonds who buys, sells or is being offered these by Authorised Financial 
Intermediaries acts according to an agreement between the investor and the Authorised Financial Intermediary, and the Issuer is 
not party to such agreements. Authorised Financial Intermediaries, if any such make an offering, shall inform the investors 
of the terms and conditions of the offering at the time when the offering takes place. 
 
No financial intermediary has participated in the preparation of the Base Prospectus and therefore no financial intermediary shall 
assume responsibility for the information stated in this. 
 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer or a solicitation from or on behalf of any financial intermediary to subscribe 
for or buy securities. To the greatest extent possible that it is allowed by law, any financial intermediaries disclaim responsibility 
for the content in this Base Prospectus or a declaration or allegation made by others in connection with the Issuer or the issue of 
securities under the Base Prospectus. Any financial intermediaries hence disclaim any responsibility, whether this arises con-
tractually or non-contractually (except for what is described above) and which otherwise could be related to this Base Prospectus 
or such a declaration. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any financial statements are intended to form a basis for a credit evaluation 
or other evaluation of the Issuer and should not be considered a recommendation by any financial intermediaries or others to buy 
Bonds under this Base Prospectus.  
 
No financial intermediaries have conducted or will conduct reviews, surveys, searches or other acts in connection with the loans 
or other assets that now or in future may be placed with the capital centres but will instead refer to the Issuer’s obligations 
according to the Act and the information reported and published by the Issuer pursuant to the Covered Bonds Label Harmonised 
Transparency Template.

--- Page 65 ---
65
13 Sales and trading restrictions 
The Issuer has not, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, entered into any programme dealer or underwriting agreement with 
any third party in relation to potential contractual arrangements for offering and/or placing Bonds, but the Issuer may, from time 
to time, enter into such agreements or arrangements with any financial intermediary in respect of any issue of Bonds.  
 
 
United States 
The Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction 
of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
except in certain transactions exempt from or not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in 
this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
 
Each financial intermediary in relation to an issuance of Bonds will be deemed to represent and agree (and, if a subscription 
agreement will be entered into in relation to an issuance of Bonds, will be required to represent and agree) that it will not offer, 
sell or deliver such Bonds (a) as part of their distribution at any time, or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution, as determined and certified by the relevant financial intermediary or, in the case of an issuance of Bonds on a 
syndicated basis, the relevant lead manager, of all Bonds of the issue of which such Bonds are part, within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act. Each financial 
intermediary will be also be deemed to agree (and, if a subscription agreement will be entered into in relation to an issuance of 
Bonds, will be required to agree) that it will send to each financial intermediary to which it sells any Bonds during the distribution 
compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Bonds within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any issue of Bonds, an offer or sale of such Bonds within the United 
States by any financial intermediary (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from registration under 
the Securities Act. 
 
 
Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Bonds specify “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each 
financial intermediary in relation to an issuance of Bonds will be deemed to represent and agree (and, if a subscription agreement 
will be entered into in relation to an issuance of Bonds, will be required to represent and agree) that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Bonds that are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
 
i) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
a. 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
b. a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or  
c. 
not a qualified investor as defined in point (e) of Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation; and 
ii) the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Bonds. 
 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Bonds specify “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, in relation 
to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a “Relevant Member State”), each financial intermediary in 
relation to an issuance of Bonds will be deemed to represent and agree (and, if a subscription agreement will be entered into in 
relation to an issuance of Bonds, will be required to represent and agree) that it has not made and will not make an offer of Bonds 
that is the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the relevant Final Terms to the public 
in that Relevant Member State except that it may, with effect from and including the Relevant Implementation Date, make an 
offer of such Bonds to the public in that Relevant Member State:

--- Page 66 ---
66
i) 
if the applicable Final Terms specify that an offer of those Bonds may be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of 
the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant Member State (a “Non-Exempt Offer”), following the date of publication 
of a prospectus in relation to such Bonds that has been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant Member 
State or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant Member State and notified to the competent authority in that 
Relevant Member State, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the applicable Final 
Terms, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such 
prospectus or final terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-
Exempt Offer; 
ii) at any time to any legal entity that is a qualified investor as defined in point (e) of Article 2 in the Prospectus Regulation; 
iii) at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons, subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant financial 
intermediary or financial intermediaries nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; 
iv) at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation; 
 
provided that no such offer of Bonds referred to in (ii) to (iv) above requires the Issuer or any financial intermediary to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Pro-
spectus Regulation. 
 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Bonds to the public” in relation to any Bonds in any Relevant 
Member State means the communication in any form and by any means, presenting sufficient information on the terms of the 
offer and the Bonds to be offered, so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Bonds as defined in point 
(d) of Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
 
 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors 
Unless the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable” each financial intermediary in relation to an issuance of Bonds will be deemed to represent and agree (and, if a 
subscription agreement will be entered into in relation to an issuance of Bonds, will be required to represent and agree), that 
it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Bonds which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the relevant Final Terms, in relation thereto 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
 
a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a profes-
sional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Bonds. 
If the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable” in relation to the United Kingdom, each financial intermediary in relation to an issuance of Bonds will be 
deemed to represent and agree (and, if a subscription agreement will be entered into in relation to an issuance of Bonds, will 
be required to represent and agree), that it has not made and will not make an offer of Bonds which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the relevant Final Terms, in relation thereto to the public in 
the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Bonds to the public in the United Kingdom: 
 
(i) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation;

--- Page 67 ---
67
(ii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation), in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant financial inter-
mediary nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(iii) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Bonds referred to in (i) to (iii) above shall require the Issuer or financial intermediary 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
UK Prospectus Regulation. 
 
For the purposes of this provision the expression an “offer of Bonds to the public” in relation to any Bonds in the United 
Kingdom means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the 
Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Bonds. 
 
Other regulatory restrictions 
 
Each financial intermediary in relation to an issuance of Bonds will be deemed to represent and agree (and, if a subscription 
agreement will be entered into in relation to an issuance of Bonds, will be required to represent and agree) that: 
 
i) 
in relation to any Bonds that have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary activities involve 
them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business 
and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Bonds other than to persons whose ordinary activities 
involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of 
their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or 
as agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issuance of the Bonds would otherwise constitute a contraven-
tion of Section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) by the Issuer; 
ii) it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be communicated an 
invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by 
it in connection with the issuance or sale of any Bonds in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not 
apply to the Issuer; and 
iii) it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by it in 
relation to any Bonds in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
 
 
Japan 
The Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act no. 25 of 
1948, as amended; the “FIEA”) and each financial intermediary in relation to an issuance of Bonds will be deemed to represent 
and agree (and, if a subscription agreement will be entered into in relation to an issuance of Bonds, will be required to represent 
and agree) that it will not offer or sell any Bonds, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan 
(as defined under Article 6, Paragraph 1, Item 5, of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act no. 228 of 1949, as 
amended)), or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any 
other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
 
 
Denmark 
Each financial intermediary will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered or sold and will not offer, sell or deliver 
any of the Bonds directly or indirectly in the Kingdom of Denmark by way of public offering unless in compliance with, as 
applicable, the Prospectus Regulation, the Danish Capital Markets Act, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time 
and Executive Orders issued thereunder and in compliance with the Executive Order on Investor Protection in connection with 
Securities Trading, cf. Executive Order no. 191 of 31 January 2022, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time 
issued pursuant to the FBA, as amended, to the extent applicable. 
 
 
General 
Each financial intermediary in relation to an issuance of Bonds will be deemed to represent and agree (and, if a subscription 
agreement will be entered into in relation to an issuance of Bonds, will be required to represent and agree) that it will (to the best 
of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it

--- Page 68 ---
68
purchases, offers, sells or delivers Bonds or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval 
or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of such Bonds under the laws and regulations in force 
in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries, and neither the Issuer 
nor, if applicable, any other financial intermediaries in relation to such issuance of Bonds have any responsibility therefor. 
 
Neither the Issuer nor any financial intermediary in relation to an issuance of Bonds represents that Bonds may, at any time, 
lawfully be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 69 ---
69
14 General information 
 
Approval 
The update of this Base Prospectus was approved by the Issuer’s Board of Directors on 8 July 2024. 
 
 
Disclosures from third parties and expert statements 
No information stated in the Base Prospectus originates from third parties, and the Base Prospectus does not include expert 
statements or export reports. 
 
 
Legal adviser 
The law firm, Kromann Reumert, Sundkrogsgade 5, DK-2100 Copenhagen Ø, was legal adviser to the Issuer in connection with 
the preparation of this Base Prospectus. 
 
 
Auditors 
Lars Rhod Søndergaard (mne28632) and Thomas Hjortkjær Petersen (mne33748), both Danish State-Authorised Public Ac-
countants, EY Godkendt Revisionspartnerselskab, CVR no: 30700228, Dirch Passers Allé 36, DK-2000 Frederiksberg, audited 
the Issuer’s annual report for 2021 and 2022 without qualification. Both are members of “Foreningen af Statsautoriserede Revi-
sorer (FSR)” (The Institute of State-Authorised Public Accountants). The auditors’ report to each of the 2021 annual report and 
the 2022 annual report was prepared in accordance with Directive 2014/56/EU and the Regulation (EU) No. 537/2014. 
 
The Issuer’s auditors have solely audited the annual reports to which reference is made in this Base Prospectus. All financial 
data included in the Base Prospectus originate from the Issuer’s audited annual reports. The Base Prospectus has not been con-
trolled or audited by the Issuer’s auditors.  
 
No further information contained in this Prospectus has been audited. 
 
 
Solvency 
Since 31 December 2023, no events have occurred that are to any significant degree of material relevance to the evaluation of 
the Issuer’s solvency.  
 
 
Future prospects 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 
2023. 
 
 
Several liability 
The borrowers of the loans financed in the individual ISIN code are not jointly and severally liable to the Issuer and are not 
entitled to receive a share of the Issuer's assets upon redemption of their loans. 
 
 
Financial position and financial performance 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, there has been no significant change in the financial position of the Issuer since 31 December 
2023 and there has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Issuer since 31 December 2023. 
 
 
Conflicts of interest 
The Issuer knows of no interests and/or conflicts of interest of significance to the offer of the Bonds. Descriptions of any interests 
and/or conflicts of interests that in connection with an issue of Bonds are material to the Issuer, including specification of the 
persons involved and the nature of the interest, will appear from the Final Terms.

--- Page 70 ---
70
 Trends 
On the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is not aware of any trends, uncertainty, demands, commitments or events that may 
reasonably be expected to have a material impact on the Issuer’s prospects for the financial year 2024. 
 
 Earnings expectations or forecasts 
No earnings expectations or forecasts have been included in the Base Prospectus.  
 
 No events of default 
In accordance with the Act and the Executive Order, the terms of the Bonds do not contain any events of default that relate to 
the Issuer and/or the capital centres, and, if any insolvency proceedings are initiated against the Issuer, the holders of SCBs, 
SMBs and Senior Secured Bonds may not claim early repayment of payment obligations on the basis of such order. 
 
Similarly, any failure by the Issuer to comply with its obligations to provide supplementary collateral with regards to the SCBs 
cannot be claimed as grounds for early repayment of payment obligations. 
 
 Investor meetings and changes to the terms of the Bonds 
The terms of the Bonds do not contain any provisions for convening Bondholder meetings to discuss circumstances that generally 
relate to their interests. Any modifications to the terms of the Bonds may, depending on the circumstances, require the consent 
of all the Bondholders (and not a predefined majority and quorum) as well as the approval of the Issuer. This requirement may 
prevent the implementation of necessary changes to the terms of the Bonds; for example, in connection with restructuring pro-
ceedings. 
 
 Possible Euro system eligibility of the Bonds 
The Bonds are intended to be issued in a manner that will make them Euro system-eligible, so that they can be deposited with a 
Euro system-eligible central securities depository in a joint safe-custody account.  
 
This does not necessarily mean that the Bonds will be recognised as eligible collateral for Euro system monetary policy opera-
tions and intraday credit, neither upon issuance nor during their term to maturity. Such recognition will at all times depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that the Euro system eligibility criteria have been met.  
 
 The European Monetary Union 
In the event that, prior to the maturity of the Bonds, the euro becomes the official currency of Denmark: 
i) 
all amounts payable in respect of the Bonds denominated in DKK may become payable in EUR;  
ii) legislation may allow or require such Bonds to be re-denominated into EUR and/or additional measures to be taken in 
respect of such Bonds;  
iii) the reference rates in DKK used to determine the rates of interest on the Bonds may no longer be published; and  
iv) changes may be made to the way those rates are calculated, quoted, published or displayed.  
 
The introduction of the euro as the denomination currency of already issued Bonds may entail the need for currency exchange if 
an investor’s financial activities are primarily carried out in a currency other than EUR. 
 
 Withholding tax 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Bonds will be made free and clear of, and 
without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, lev-
ied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within the Kingdom of Denmark or any authority therein or thereof having power to 
tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. If such withholding or deduction is required, the Issuer will, if Tax 
Gross Up is specified as being non-applicable in the applicable Final Terms relating to the relevant Bonds, not be obliged to pay 
any additional amounts and will make such deduction or withholding from the payment of principal or interest.  
 
The rules on investor taxation are described in more detail in section 11 ”TAXATION” of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 71 ---
71
 Bondholders do not receive any detailed statistics or information about the loans, the mortgaged vessel or other 
assets that now or in future may be placed at the capital centre 
Except for the information reported and published by the Issuer pursuant to the Covered Bond Label Harmonised Transparency 
Template, Bondholders do not receive any detailed statistics or information about the loans, the mortgaged vessels or other assets 
that now or in future may be placed at the capital centre in question, as the composition of the individual capital centre is to be 
expected to change over time. As described in section 2.1.10 (Transfer of funds between capital centres) above, the Issuer has 
the right, at any time and without notice or consent from the affected Bondholders, to segregate and transfer loans, securities and 
derivatives to another capital centre, provided that the rating of the segregated Bonds is not adversely affected.  
 
 Exemption from Issuer’s liability in relation to Bonds 
Under the terms and conditions of the Bonds (see section 5 “TERMS AND CONDITIONS”), the Issuer’s liability for damages 
towards the Bondholders is subject to certain general limitations and the Issuer will have no liability, even in areas where stricter 
liability applies, for losses incurred as a result of: (i) interruption/lack of access to IT systems or damage to the data of these 
systems that can be attributed to the events below, regardless of whether the Issuer or an external supplier is responsible for the 
operation of the systems; (ii) failures in the Issuer's power supply or telecommunications, statutory intervention or administrative 
acts, natural disasters, war, insurrection, civil unrest, sabotage, terrorism or vandalism (including computer viruses and hacking); 
(iii) strike, lockout, boycott or blockade, regardless of whether the conflict is directed at or initiated by the Issuer or its organi-
sation and regardless of the reason for the conflict (this shall also apply where the conflict only affects part of the Issuer or its 
organisation; and (iv) other circumstances beyond the Issuer’s control. 
 
 Inspection of documents 
The Board of Directors and the Executive Board of the Issuer declare that the following documents are available for inspection 
during the life of the Base Prospectus: 
 
- 
Memorandum and Articles of Association for Danish Ship Finance 
- 
The Issuer’s annual report and financial information, which are included in full or in part in the Base Prospectus. No 
further report, letters and other documents, assessments and expert statements appear in the Base Prospectus. 
 
The documents may be inspected in electronic form on https://www.shipfinance.dk/the-company/ or https://www.ship-
finance.dk/investor-relations/reports-and-announcements/.