--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Dated 3 May 2023 
 
 
DANONE 
€13,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) described in this document (the “Base Prospectus”), 
Danone (“Danone” or the “Issuer”), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to 
time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the “Notes”). The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time 
exceed €13,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies) and may be denominated in any currency. The Notes will be 
issued in such denomination(s) as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms save that the minimum denomination of each Note listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in a 
Member State of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) in circumstances which require the publication of a Base Prospectus 
under the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”) (given that any exemption regime, as set out 
in the Prospectus Regulation, could apply in contemplation of the relevant issue) will be at least €100,000 (or the equivalent 
amount in any other currency at the issue date). 
This Base Prospectus shall be in force for a period of one year as of the date of its approval by the French Autorité des marchés 
financiers (the “AMF”). The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material 
mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus 
Regulation.  
The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the 
quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Application may be made to Euronext Paris for the period of 12 months from the date of the approval of this Base Prospectus 
by the AMF for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or to the 
competent authority of any other Member State of EEA for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed and admitted to 
trading on a Regulated Market (as defined below) in such Member State. Euronext Paris is a regulated market for the purposes 
of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (a “Regulated Market”).  
However, Notes that are not listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market may also be issued pursuant to the 
Programme.  
The relevant final terms (the “Final Terms”) (a form of which is contained herein) in respect of the issue of any Notes will 
specify whether or not such Notes will be listed and admitted to trading and if so, the relevant Regulated Market in the EEA.  
Danone may be replaced and substituted by any of its Subsidiaries (as defined in Condition 16) as principal debtor 
(the “Substituted Issuer”) in respect of any Notes, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions described in Condition 16. 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (“Dematerialised Notes”) or in materialised form (“Materialised Notes”), 
as more fully described herein. 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be (a) in bearer form (au porteur) inscribed as from the issue date in the 
books of Euroclear France (“Euroclear France”) (acting as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of Account 
Holders (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes-Form, Denomination(s), Title and Redenomination”) including 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream”) or (b) in 
registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder (as defined in Condition 
1(c)(iv)), in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur), in which case they will be inscribed either with the Issuer or with the 
registration agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) for the Issuer, or in administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré) in which case they will be inscribed in the accounts of the Account Holders designated by the relevant Noteholders.  
Dematerialised Notes will at all times be in book entry form in compliance with Articles L.211-3 and R.211-1 of the French 
Code monétaire et financier. No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer form only and may only be issued outside France. A temporary global certificate in bearer 
form without interest coupons attached (a “Temporary Global Certificate”) will initially be issued in connection with 
Materialised Notes. Such Temporary Global Certificate will subsequently be exchanged for definitive Materialised Notes in

--- Page 2 ---
bearer form with, where applicable, coupons for interest and talons attached on or after a date expected to be on or about the 
40th calendar day after the issue date of the Notes (subject to postponement as described in “Temporary Global Certificates 
issued in respect of Materialised Bearer Notes”) upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership as more fully described 
herein. 
Temporary Global Certificates will (a) in the case of a Tranche (as defined below) intended to be cleared through Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, be deposited on the issue date with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream and 
(b) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through a clearing system other than or in addition to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream or delivered outside a clearing system, be deposited as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as 
defined below). 
The long-term debt of the Issuer is currently rated Baa1 (stable outlook) by Moody’s Italia S.r.l. (“Moody’s”) and BBB+ 
(stable outlook) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”). Each of Moody’s and S&P is established in the European 
Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (as amended) (the “CRA Regulation”). 
Each of Moody’s and S&P is included in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation 
published on the European Securities and Markets Authority’s website (www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk) as of the date of this Base Prospectus. Moody’s and S&P are not established in the United Kingdom and are not 
registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”) (the “UK CRA Regulation”). However, the ratings of the long-term debt of the 
Issuer have been endorsed by Moody's Investors Service Ltd and S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, respectively, in accordance 
with the UK CRA Regulation and have not been withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by each of Moody’s and S&P may be 
used for regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Notes issued under the 
Programme may be rated or unrated. The rating, if any, will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Where an issue of Notes 
is rated, its rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Issuer. The relevant Final Terms will specify 
whether or not such credit ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under 
the CRA Regulation. Credit ratings are subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by the relevant rating 
organisation. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.  
The final terms of the relevant Notes will be determined at the time of the offering of each Tranche based on the then prevailing 
market conditions and will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
This Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall be published on and may be 
obtained from the website of the Issuer (www.danone.com). 
Prospective investors should carefully review and consider the section of this Base Prospectus entitled “Risk Factors” 
prior to purchasing any Notes. 
Arranger 
BNP PARIBAS 
 
Dealers  
BARCLAYS 
BNP PARIBAS 
CITIGROUP 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB 
HSBC 
ING 
J.P. MORGAN 
MUFG 
NATIXIS 
NATWEST MARKETS 
SANTANDER CORPORATE & INVESTMENT BANKING 
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE CORPORATE & 
INVESTMENT BANKING

--- Page 3 ---
A50482058 
3 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
This document constitutes a base prospectus for the purpose of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and for 
the purpose of giving information with regard to the Issuer, the Issuer and its subsidiaries taken as a whole 
(the “Group”) and the Notes which, according to the particular nature of the Issuer and the Notes, contains 
the necessary information which is material to investors for making an informed assessment of the assets and 
liabilities, profits and losses, financial position, and prospects of the Issuer, the rights attaching to the Notes 
and the reason for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer.  
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any supplement hereto and with any 
other documents incorporated by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”) and, each of 
which shall be incorporated in, and form part of this Base Prospectus in relation to any Series (as defined 
herein) of Notes, should be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms, the Base Prospectus 
and the Final Terms being together, the “Prospectus”. 
The information on any websites included in this Base Prospectus do not form part of this Base Prospectus 
unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus. No person has been authorised 
to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained in this Base Prospectus in 
connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must 
not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, or any of the Dealers or the Arranger (each as 
defined in the “General Description of the Programme”). Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor 
any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has 
been no change in the affairs of the Issuer or the Group since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base 
Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the 
financial position of the Issuer or of the Group since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base 
Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if 
different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
Each prospective investor of Notes must determine, based on its own independent review and such 
professional advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the Notes is fully 
consistent with its financial needs, objectives and condition, complies and is fully consistent with all 
investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to it and is a fit, proper and suitable investment for 
it, notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding the Notes. 
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer or the Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates in 
connection with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to the other matters 
referred to above. 
None of the Issuer, the Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates has or assumes responsibility for the 
lawfulness of the acquisition of the Notes by a prospective investor of the Notes, whether under the laws of the 
jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for compliance by that 
prospective investor with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it. 
Inflation Linked Notes are not in any way sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the INSEE or Eurostat, 
as the case may be, and the INSEE or Eurostat, makes no warranty or representation whatsoever, express or 
implied, either as to the results to be obtained from the use of any of the Inflation Indices and/or the figure at 
which such indices stand at any particular time. The Inflation Indices are determined, composed and 
calculated by the INSEE or Eurostat, as the case may be, without regard to the Issuer or the Notes. The 
INSEE or Eurostat, as the case may be, is not responsible for or has not participated in the determination of

--- Page 4 ---
A50482058 
4 
 
the timing of, prices of, or quantities of the Inflation Linked Notes to be issued or in the determination or 
calculation of the interest payable under such Notes. 
None of the Issuer, the Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates makes any representation as to the 
Inflation Indices (as defined herein). Any of such persons may have acquired, or during the term of the Notes 
may acquire, non-public information with respect to the Inflation Indices that is or may be material in the 
context of Inflation Linked Notes. The issue of Inflation Linked Notes will not create any obligation on the 
part of any such persons to disclose to the Noteholders or any other party such information (whether or not 
confidential). 
All or some of the Dealers and, as the case may be, the calculation agent, and their affiliates have and/or may 
in the future engage, in lending, in investment banking, commercial banking and other financial advisory and 
commercial dealings with the Issuer and its affiliates and in relation to securities issued by any entity of the 
Group. They have or may (i) engage in investment banking, trading or hedging activities including activities 
that may include prime brokerage business, financing transactions or entry into derivative transactions, (ii) 
act as underwriters in connection with offering of shares or other securities issued by any entity of the Group. 
In the context of these transactions, certain of such Dealers have or may hold shares or other securities 
issued by entities of the Group. Where applicable, they have or will receive customary fees and commissions 
for these transactions. 
Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their 
credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such 
Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either 
the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the 
Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes 
issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations 
and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments 
and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and 
instruments. The Issuer may from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related 
derivatives which may affect the market price, liquidity or value of the Notes. 
Potential conflicts of interest may arise between the calculation agent, if any, for a Tranche of Notes and the 
Noteholders (including where a Dealer acts as calculation agent), including with respect to certain 
discretionary determinations and judgements that such calculation agent may make pursuant to the Terms 
and Conditions that may influence the amount receivable upon redemption of the Notes. In particular, whilst a 
calculation agent will, as the case may be, have information barriers and procedures in place to manage 
conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking activities from time to time be engaged in transactions 
involving an index or related derivatives which may affect amounts receivable by Noteholders during the term 
and on the maturity of the Notes or the market price, liquidity or value of the Notes. 
In considering whether to invest in Notes denominated in Renminbi (“RMB Notes”), investors should consult 
their individual tax advisers with regard to the application of People's Republic of China (“PRC”) tax laws to 
their particular situations as well as any tax consequences arising under the laws of any other tax 
jurisdictions.  
In relation to green, social or sustainability Notes, neither the Arranger nor any Dealer makes any 
representation as to the suitability of such Notes to fulfil green, social or sustainability criteria required by 
prospective investors. The Arranger and the Dealers have not undertaken, nor are responsible for, any 
assessment of the eligibility criteria for eligible green projects, eligible social projects or eligible 
sustainability projects, any verification of whether such Notes meet the eligibility criteria, the monitoring of 
the use of proceeds of any Notes, or the allocation of the proceeds (or amounts equal or equivalent thereto) by

--- Page 5 ---
A50482058 
5 
 
the Issuer to particular eligible green projects, eligible social projects or eligible sustainability projects. Each 
prospective investor of the Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms regarding the use of proceeds and its purchase of the Notes 
should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. Investors should refer to the Issuer's website, 
the Issuer’s relevant framework to be published on the Issuer’s website on or before the issue of any green, 
social or sustainability Notes, the second-party opinion delivered in respect thereof, if any, and any public 
reporting by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the application of the proceeds of any issue of green, 
social or sustainability Notes for further information. Any such framework and/or second party opinion 
and/or public reporting will not form part of, nor be incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. No 
assurance or representation is given by any of the Dealers or the Arranger as to the content, suitability or 
reliability for any purpose whatsoever in respect of (i) any opinion or certification of any third party (whether 
or not solicited by the Issuer) on the Issuer’s relevant framework, (ii) any framework to be published on the 
Issuer’s website on or before the issue of any green, social or sustainability Notes, (iii) any public reporting 
or (iv) any green, social or sustainability Notes. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should be 
deemed to be, a recommendation by the Dealers or the Arranger, to buy, sell or hold any such Notes and 
would only be current as of the date it is released. Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications 
are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. In addition, payments of principal and 
interest (as the case may be) on green, social or sustainability Notes shall not depend on the performance of 
the relevant Eligible Projects (as defined in the “Reasons for the offer” paragraph in the relevant Final 
Terms), nor on the achievement of any green, social or sustainable objectives. None of the Arranger or the 
Dealers will verify or monitor the proposed use of proceeds of the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Moreover, if the green, social or sustainability Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a specific segment 
of any stock exchange for green, social or sustainability Notes, or included in an index or indices, neither the 
Issuer nor any Dealer makes any representation as to the satisfaction of such Notes to fulfil the criteria of 
such specific segments, index or indices, and, if the notes were listed or admitted to trading, that any such 
listing or admission to trading, or inclusion in such index or indices, will be maintained during the life of the 
Notes. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. No Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and none of this Base Prospectus, 
any Final Terms or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under 
circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and the Dealers have 
represented that all offers and sales by them will be made on the same terms. Persons into whose possession 
this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves 
about and to observe any such restriction. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the United Kingdom, Japan, France, Italy, 
Belgium, Hong-Kong, PRC, Singapore and Switzerland. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and 
sales of Notes and distribution of this Base Prospectus, see “Subscription and Sale” below. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the “Securities Act”), or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction 
of the United States, and the Notes may include Materialised Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax 
law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered or sold or, in the case of 
Materialised Notes in bearer form, delivered within the United States or to or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”) or, in the case of 
Materialised Notes in bearer form, the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code”)).

--- Page 6 ---
A50482058 
6 
 
MIFID 
II 
PRODUCT 
GOVERNANCE 
/ 
PROFESSIONAL 
INVESTORS 
AND 
ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a 
legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on 5 February 2018 1 and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a “distributor” as defined in MiFID II) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (“MiFID II”) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID II Product Governance Rules”), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID II Product Governance Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not a MiFID II regulated 
entity and does not qualify as a distributor or a manufacturer under MiFID II Product Governance Rules.  
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by 
ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled "Brexit our approach to 
EU non-legislative materials"), and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS –The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as 
amended (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
1 
Or item 19 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 27 March 2023 as from their application date, which is expected to be in October 2023

--- Page 7 ---
A50482058 
7 
 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended ("FSMA") 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and 
Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise specified before an offer of 
Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of 
the SFA), that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) 
and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).  
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO CONSUMERS IN BELGIUM – Notes issued under the Programme are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to, “consumers” (consumenten/consommateurs) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of 
Economic Law (Wetboek van economisch recht/Code de droit économique), as amended.  
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or 
other charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where the Notes are 
transferred or other jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or 
court decisions may be available for financial instruments such as the Notes. In particular, potential 
investors are warned that the tax laws of the investor’s jurisdiction or of France (the Issuer’s country of 
incorporation) might have an impact on the income received from the Notes. Potential investors are 
advised to ask for their own tax adviser's advice on their individual taxation with respect to the acquisition, 
holding, sale and redemption of the Notes. Only these advisors are in a position to duly consider the 
specific situation of the potential investor. 
A number of Member States of the European Union are currently negotiating to introduce a financial 
transactions tax (“FTT”) in the scope of which transactions in the Notes may fall. The scope of any such tax 
is still uncertain as well as any potential timing of implementation. If the currently discussed text or any 
similar tax is adopted, transactions in the Notes would be subject to higher costs, and the liquidity of the 
market for the Notes may be diminished. Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own 
professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
“foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru 
payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. A number of 
jurisdictions (including France) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental 
agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA

--- Page 8 ---
A50482058 
8 
 
applies in their jurisdictions. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to 
instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or 
an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to 
change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the 
date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register. 
Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the 
Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments 
on the Notes, neither the Issuer nor any other person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of 
the withholding.  
A rating assigned to the Notes by any rating agency is based on the Issuer’s financial situation, but takes into 
account other relevant structural features of the transaction, including, inter alia, the terms of the Notes, and 
reflects only the views of the rating agency. The rating may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related 
to structure, market, additional factors discussed in this paragraph, and other factors that may affect the 
value of the Notes. The rating addresses the likelihood of full and timely payment to the Noteholders of all 
payments of interest on each interest payment date and repayment of principal on the final payment date. 
There is no assurance that any such rating will continue for any period of time or that they will not be 
reviewed, revised, suspended or withdrawn entirely by the rating agency as a result of changes in or 
unavailability of information or if, in the rating agency’s judgement, circumstances so warrant. A credit rating 
and/or a corporate rating are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities.  
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Dealers 
or the Arranger to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes.  
The Arranger and the Dealers have not separately verified the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. None of the Dealers or the Arranger makes any representation, express or 
implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information 
in this Base Prospectus or any responsibility for any acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other person in 
connection with the Base Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should 
not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of 
this Base Prospectus or any other information incorporated by reference should purchase the Notes. Each 
potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. 
None of the Dealers or the Arranger undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or 
the Group during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any 
investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or 
the Arranger.

--- Page 9 ---
A50482058 
9 
 
Table of Contents 
Page 
IMPORTANT NOTICE ...................................................................................................................................... 3 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ....................................................................................10 
RISK FACTORS ...............................................................................................................................................18 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ..........................................................................................................31 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .....................................................................................32 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ..............................................................................................39 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ..............................................................................................40 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED BEARER NOTES
 ................................................................................................................................................................ 114 
USE OF PROCEEDS ...................................................................................................................................... 116 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS ......................................................................................................................... 117 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................123 
PRO-FORMA OF THE GUARANTEE ..........................................................................................................129 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .............................................................................................................................132 
GENERAL INFORMATION ..........................................................................................................................149 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS .................153

--- Page 10 ---
A50482058 
10 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus. 
All capitalised terms used and not defined in this section are defined in the Conditions. 
Issuer:  
Danone  
Guarantor: 
Danone, if there is a substitution of the Issuer (as described in 
Condition 16). 
Substituted Issuer: 
Danone may be replaced and substituted by any of its Subsidiaries 
(as defined in Condition 16) as principal debtor in respect of the 
Notes. 
Legal Entity Identifier (“LEI”) of 
the Issuer: 
969500KMUQ2B6CBAF162 
Website of the Issuer: 
www.danone.com 
Description:  
Euro Medium Term Note Programme for the continuous offer of 
Notes (the “Programme”). 
Arranger:  
BNP Paribas 
Dealers:  
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
BNP Paribas 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
HSBC Continental Europe 
ING Bank N.V., Belgian Branch 
J.P. Morgan SE 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
NATIXIS 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Société Générale 
 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any 
dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers either in 
respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the whole 
Programme. References in this Base Prospectus to “Permanent 
Dealers” are to the persons listed above as Dealers and to such 
additional persons that are appointed as dealers in respect of the 
whole Programme (and whose appointment has not been 
terminated) and to “Dealers” are to all Permanent Dealers and all 
persons appointed as a dealer in respect of one or more Tranches. 
Programme Limit: 
Up to €13,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies) 
aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time. 
 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be 
outstanding under the Programme may be increased from time to 
time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the 
Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement.

--- Page 11 ---
A50482058 
11 
 
Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent: 
BNP Paribas 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) having one or 
more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical 
other than in respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes of 
each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other 
Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each 
a “Tranche”) on the same or different issue dates. The specific 
terms of each Tranche will be set out in the final terms to this Base 
Prospectus (the “Final Terms”). 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, any maturity from seven days from the date of original 
issue. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in Euro, US Dollars, Japanese yen, 
Swiss francs, Sterling, RMB and in any other currency agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealers. 
Denomination(s): 
The Notes will be issued in such denomination(s) as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms save that the minimum denomination of each 
Note listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in a 
Member State of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under 
the Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount 
in such currency). 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will constitute 
deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits 
contained in section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, as amended (“FSMA”) unless they are issued to a limited 
class of professional investors and have a denomination of at least 
£100,000 or its equivalent. 
 
Dematerialised Notes will be issued in one denomination only. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligations of 
the Issuer and rank and will at all times rank pari passu and without 
any preference among themselves and (subject to such exceptions 
as are from time to time mandatory under French law) equally and 
rateably with all other present or future unsecured and 
unsubordinated financial obligations of the Issuer, from time to 
time outstanding. 
Negative Pledge: 
There will be a negative pledge in respect of the Notes as set out in 
Condition 4. See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Negative 
Pledge”. 
Events of Default: 
There will be events of default and a cross-default in respect of the

--- Page 12 ---
A50482058 
12 
 
(including cross default) 
Notes as set out in Condition 9. See “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes - Events of Default”. 
Redemption: 
The relevant Final Terms will specify the basis for calculating the 
redemption amounts payable. Unless permitted by then current 
laws and regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in 
sterling) having a maturity of less than one year from the date of 
issue and in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted 
by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise 
constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA must have a 
minimum redemption amount of £100,000 (or its equivalent in 
other currencies). 
Optional Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state 
whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity 
at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the 
Noteholders and, if so, the terms applicable to such redemption. 
Redemption by Instalments: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes that are 
redeemable in two or more instalments will set out the dates on 
which, and the amounts in which, such Notes may be redeemed. 
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in “Optional Redemption” above and “Make-
Whole Redemption by the Issuer”, “Residual Maturity Call Option” 
and “Clean-Up Call Option” below, Notes will be redeemable at the 
option of the Issuer prior to maturity only for tax reasons.  
Redemption at the option of 
Noteholders following a Change of 
Control: 
 
 
If a Change of Control Put Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, following the occurrence of (i) a Change of Control and (ii) 
within the Change of Control Period a Rating Downgrade as a 
result, in whole or primarily, of that Change of Control or of a 
Potential Change of Control, the Noteholders will be entitled to 
request the Issuer to redeem the Notes, or, at the Issuer’s option, 
procure the purchase of their Notes. See “Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes - Redemption, Purchase and Options”. 
Make-Whole Redemption by the 
Issuer: 
 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue of 
Notes, the Issuer will have the option to redeem the Notes, in whole 
or in part, at any time or from time to time, prior to their Maturity 
Date at their Optional Redemption Amount. The Optional 
Redemption Amount will be calculated by the Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent and will be the greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the 
nominal amount of the Notes so redeemed and, (y) the sum of the 
then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of 
principal and interest on such Notes (not including any interest 
accrued on the Notes from, and including, the Interest Payment 
Date immediately preceding the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date or the Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be, to, 
but excluding, the relevant Optional Redemption Date) discounted

--- Page 13 ---
A50482058 
13 
 
to the relevant Optional Redemption Date on the basis of the Day 
Count Fraction specified in the relevant Final Terms at the 
Redemption Rate plus a Redemption Margin (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms), plus in each case (x) or (y) above, any 
interest accrued on the Notes from, and including, the Interest 
Payment Date immediately preceding the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date or the Interest Commencement Date, as the case 
may be, to, but excluding, the Optional Redemption Date. 
Residual Maturity Call Option: 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue of 
Notes, the Issuer will have the option to redeem the Notes, in whole 
but not in part, at par together with interest accrued to, but 
excluding, the date fixed for redemption, at any time as from the 
call option date, which shall be no earlier than (i) three months 
before the Maturity Date in respect of Notes having a maturity of 
not more than ten years or (ii) six months before the Maturity Date 
in respect of Notes having a maturity of more than ten years, until 
the Maturity Date. 
Clean-Up Call Option: 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms and if 75 per cent. or any 
other percentage above as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(the “Clean-Up Percentage”) of the initial aggregate nominal 
amount of Notes of the same Series have been redeemed or 
purchased and, in each case, cancelled, the Issuer may, at its option, 
redeem the Notes in whole but not in part at their Clean-Up 
Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date 
set for redemption (as specified in the relevant Final Terms). 
Taxation in respect of the Notes: 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on 
behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes will be made free and 
clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed, levied or collected, withheld or assessed by or within 
France or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, 
unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
 
If such a withholding or deduction is required, the Issuer will have 
to gross-up its payments to the fullest extent then permitted by law 
and subject to certain exceptions.  
Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons could be made subject to any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to FATCA. There will 
be no grossing up provision and, accordingly, no early redemption 
whatsoever in case of any withholding or deduction required 
pursuant to FATCA. 
Interest Periods and Interest 
Rates: 
 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to 
time or be constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum 
interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or both. The use of interest 
accrual periods permits the Notes to bear interest at different rates

--- Page 14 ---
A50482058 
14 
 
in the same interest period. All such information will be set out in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each 
year specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for 
each Series as follows: 
 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc.; or 
 
(ii) by reference to €STR, SARON, SOFR, SONIA, TONA, 
EURIBOR or CMS, in each case as adjusted for any 
applicable margin. Interest periods will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
In no event shall the applicable rate of interest (including, for the 
sake of clarity, any applicable margin) be less than zero. 
In the event where the benchmark used to calculate the interest 
payable is discontinued, the Conditions of the Notes provide a 
methodology to determine the successor or alternative rates. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the 
Issuer may elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms 
from a Fixed to a Floating, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate 
or (ii) that will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a 
Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate on the date 
set out in the Final Terms.  
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a 
discount to it and will not bear interest. 
Inflation Linked Notes: 
Inflation Linked Notes may be issued by the Issuer where the 
interest and/or the principal in respect of such Notes will be 
calculated by reference to an inflation index ratio derived from 
either: 
(i) 
the consumer price index (excluding tobacco) for all 
households in metropolitan France, as calculated and 
published monthly by the Institut National de la Statistique et 
des Etudes Economiques; or 
(ii) the harmonised index of consumer prices excluding tobacco, 
or the relevant successor index, measuring the rate of inflation 
in the European Monetary Union excluding tobacco as 
calculated and published monthly by Eurostat. 
Redenomination:  
Notes issued in the currency of any Member State of the EU which 
will participate in the single currency of the Economic and 
Monetary Union may be redenominated into Euro, all as more fully

--- Page 15 ---
A50482058 
15 
 
provided in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Form, 
Denomination, Title and Redenomination” below.  
Consolidation:  
Notes of one Series may be consolidated with Notes of another 
Series as more fully provided in “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes – Further Issues and Consolidation”.  
Form of Notes:  
Notes 
may 
be 
issued 
in 
either 
dematerialised 
form 
(“Dematerialised Notes”) or in materialised form (“Materialised 
Notes”).  
 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be issued in 
bearer form (au porteur) or in registered form (au nominatif) and, 
in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder, in either 
au nominatif pur or au nominatif administré form. 
 
No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of 
Dematerialised Notes. See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – 
Form, Denomination, Title and Redenomination”. 
 
The relevant Final Terms will specify whether Dematerialised 
Notes are to be issued in bearer form only, or in registered 
(including both nominatif pur and nominatif administré) form only. 
 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer form (“Materialised Bearer 
Notes”) only. A Temporary Global Certificate will be issued 
initially in respect of each Tranche of Materialised Bearer Notes. 
Materialised Notes may only be issued outside France. 
Substitution of the Issuer: 
The terms and conditions of the Notes contain a substitution 
provision as described in Condition 16 allowing Danone at any 
time and at its discretion, (subject to certain conditions) to 
substitute for itself as principal debtor under any Notes, a 
Substituted Issuer provided that, in all cases, the relevant Notes are 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Danone. 
Guarantee: 
If there is a substitution of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 16, 
Danone as the Guarantor will unconditionally and irrevocably 
guarantee the due payment of all sums expressed to be due and 
payable by the Substituted Issuer under the Notes and in 
accordance with the applicable terms and conditions. The 
obligations of the Guarantor in this respect will arise pursuant to a 
Guarantee which will be substantially in the form of the Pro-Forma 
Guarantee, to be executed by the Guarantor (the “Guarantee”). 
See “Pro-Forma of the Guarantee” 
Governing Law:  
French law. 
Central Depositary: 
Euroclear France in relation to Dematerialised Notes. 
Clearing Systems:  
Clearstream, Euroclear or any other clearing system (provided 
proper clearing and settlement procedures have previously been put 
in place) that may be agreed between the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent 
and the relevant Dealer in relation to Materialised Notes.

--- Page 16 ---
A50482058 
16 
 
Initial Delivery of Dematerialised 
Notes:  
 
One Paris business day before the issue date of each Tranche of 
Dematerialised Notes, the Lettre Comptable or the application 
form, as the case may be, relating to such Tranche shall be 
deposited with Euroclear France as central depositary. 
Initial Delivery of Materialised 
Notes:  
 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche of Materialised Bearer 
Notes, the Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of such 
Tranche shall be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream or with any other clearing system or may be 
delivered outside any clearing system provided that the method of 
such delivery has been agreed in advance by the Issuer, the Fiscal 
Agent and the relevant Dealer. 
Issue Price:  
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their nominal amount.  
Listing and Admission to Trading:  
Euronext Paris or as otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. A Series of Notes may or may not be listed and admitted to 
trading. 
Method of Publication of this Base 
Prospectus and the Final Terms: 
 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus and 
the Final Terms related to the Notes listed and admitted to trading 
on any Regulated Market in the EEA will be published on the 
websites of the Issuer (www.danone.com) and of the AMF 
(www.amf-france.org). The Final Terms will indicate where the 
Base Prospectus may be obtained.  
Representation of the Noteholders: 
Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be 
grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests in 
a masse (in each case, the “Masse”). 
The Masse will be governed by the provisions of the French Code 
de commerce, with the exception of Articles L.228-48, L.228-59, 
L.228-65 I, 1°, 3° and 6°, the second sentence of Article L.228-65 
II, R.228-61, R.228-63 and R.228-69 of the French Code de 
commerce and subject to the provisions set out in the Conditions of 
the Notes. 
The 
Masse 
will 
act 
in 
part 
through 
a 
representative 
(the “Representative”) and in part through collective decisions of 
the Noteholders. The names and addresses of the Representative 
will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any 
Series of the Notes will be the representative of the single Masse of 
all Tranches in such Series. 
Selling Restrictions:  
There are restrictions on the sale of Notes and the distribution of 
offering material in various jurisdictions. See “Subscription and 
Sale”.  
 
The Notes to be issued qualify under Category 2 for the purposes of

--- Page 17 ---
A50482058 
17 
 
Regulation S under the Securities Act.  
 
Materialised Notes will be issued (i) in compliance with US Treas. 
Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in substantially 
the same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code) (the “D Rules”) unless the 
relevant Final Terms states that such Materialised Notes are issued 
in compliance with US Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any 
successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable 
for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code) 
(the “C Rules”), or (ii) other than in compliance with the D Rules 
or the C Rules but in circumstances in which the Notes will not 
constitute “registration required obligations” under the United 
States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 
(“TEFRA”), which circumstance will be referred to in the relevant 
Final Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable. 
 
The TEFRA rules do not apply to any Dematerialised Notes. 
Rating:  
The long-term debt of the Issuer is currently rated Baa1 (stable 
outlook) by Moody’s Italia S.r.l. (“Moody’s”) and BBB+ (stable 
outlook) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”).  
Each of Moody’s and S&P is established in the European Union 
and is registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit 
rating agencies (as amended) (the “CRA Regulation”). Each of 
Moody’s and S&P is included in the list of credit rating agencies 
registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation published on the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority’s 
website 
(www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) as of 
the date of this Base Prospectus. Moody’s and S&P are not 
established in the United Kingdom and are not registered in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. However, the ratings of 
the long-term debt of the Issuer have been endorsed by Moody's 
Investors Service Ltd and S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, 
respectively, in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and have 
not been withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by each of 
Moody’s and S&P may be used for regulatory purposes in the 
United Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. The 
rating, if any, will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Where 
an issue of Notes is rated, its rating will not necessarily be the same 
as the rating assigned to the Issuer. The relevant Final Terms will 
specify whether or not such credit ratings are issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the European Union and registered 
under the CRA Regulation. Credit ratings are subject to revision, 
suspension or withdrawal at any time by the relevant rating 
organisation. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal 
at any time by the assigning rating agency.

--- Page 18 ---
A50482058 
18 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes 
issued under the Programme.  
Factors which the Issuer believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in 
Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts 
on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the 
statements below regarding the risks of holding any Notes are exhaustive. Prospective investors should also 
read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any documents 
incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. In 
particular, investors should make their own assessment as to the risks associated with the Notes prior to 
investing in Notes issued under the Programme. 
Words and expressions defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have the same meanings in 
this section. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER  
Please refer to pages 22 to 34 of the 2022 Universal Registration Document (as defined under "Documents 
incorporated by reference") which are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and include the 
following: 
• 
strategic risks; 
• 
external environment risks; and 
• 
operational risks.  
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
The following is a description of risk factors in relation to the Notes which set out the most material risks (in 
descending order of importance), taking into account the negative impact of such risks on the Issuer and the 
probability of their occurrence. Prospective investors should consult their own financial and legal advisers 
about risks associated with investment in a particular Series of Notes and the suitability of investing in the 
Notes in light of their particular circumstances.  
1 
Risk Factors relating to all Series of Notes 
1.1 
Substitution of Danone 
Danone may at any time, at its discretion and without consulting the Noteholders, substitute for 
itself as principal debtor under any Notes, any of its Subsidiary (the “Substituted Issuer”), 
pursuant to Condition 16. Such Condition provides for certain conditions to be met before the 
substitution can take place, including, but not limited to, an unconditional and irrevocable 
guarantee from Danone to the Noteholders and the absence of any payment obligation for the 
Noteholders which would arise from the substitution. While the ultimate credit risk under the 
Notes will remain with Danone as Guarantor, the identity or the creditworthiness of any 
Substituted Issuer may not be anticipated and neither Danone nor the Substituted Issuer will be

--- Page 19 ---
A50482058 
19 
 
required to take into consideration any interests arising from the circumstances particular to any 
holder of such Notes with regard to or arising from any such substitution. 
As a result of such substitution, the Notes may become illiquid and could have a material adverse 
effect on the Noteholders and, thus, increase the risk of losing all or part of their investment in 
the Notes. 
1.2 
French Insolvency Law 
The Issuer is a société anonyme with its registered office in France. In the event that the Issuer 
becomes insolvent, insolvency proceedings will be generally governed by the insolvency laws of 
France to the extent that, where applicable, the “centre of main interests” (as construed under 
Regulation (EU) 2015/848, as amended) of the Issuer is located in France.  
Directive (EU) 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and 
disqualifications, and on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning 
restructuring, insolvency and discharge of debt, and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 has 
been transposed into French law by Ordinance n°2021-1193 dated 15 September 2021. Such 
ordinance amends French insolvency laws notably with regard to the process of adoption of 
restructuring plans under insolvency proceedings. According to this ordinance, “affected parties” 
(including notably creditors, and therefore the Noteholders) shall be treated in separate classes 
which reflect certain class formation criteria for the purpose of adopting a restructuring plan. 
Classes shall be formed in such a way that each class comprises claims or interests with rights 
that reflect a sufficient commonality of interest based on verifiable criteria. Noteholders will no 
longer deliberate on the proposed restructuring plan in a separate assembly, meaning that they 
will no longer benefit from a specific veto power on this plan. Instead, as any other affected 
parties, the Noteholders will be grouped into one or several classes (with potentially other types 
of creditors) and their dissenting vote may possibly be overridden by a cross-class cram down. 
The commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer would have a material adverse 
effect on the market value of Notes. As a consequence, any decisions taken by a class of affected 
parties could materially and negatively impact the Noteholders and cause them to lose all or part 
of their investment, should they not be able to recover all or part of the amounts due to them from 
the Issuer. 
1.3 
Credit Risk 
As contemplated in Condition 3, the Notes and, where applicable any relative Receipts and 
Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4) 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer. However, an investment in the Notes involves taking credit 
risk on the Issuer. If the credit worthiness of the Issuer deteriorates, it may not be able to fulfil all 
or part of its payment obligations under the Notes, which could materially and negatively impact 
the Noteholders and investors may lose all or part of their investment. 
1.4 
Modifications and waivers 
Condition 11 contains provisions for calling General Meetings of Noteholders or consulting them 
by way of Written Resolutions to consider matters affecting their interests generally. These 
provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not 
participate in the relevant General Meeting or the relevant written consultation and Noteholders 
who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. General Meetings or written consultations may 
deliberate on any proposal relating to the modification of the conditions of the Notes subject to 
the limitation provided by French law. If a decision is adopted by a majority of Noteholders and

--- Page 20 ---
A50482058 
20 
 
such modifications were to impair or limit the rights of the Noteholders, this may have a negative 
impact on the market value of the Notes and hence investors may lose part of their investment. 
In addition, Condition 11 provides that the provisions of Articles L.228-65 I. 1°, 3°, 6° 
(respectively providing for a prior approval by the General Meeting of the Noteholders of (i) any 
proposal to change in corporate purpose or form of the Issuer, (ii) any proposal to merge or 
demerge the Issuer in the cases referred to in Articles L.236-13 and L.236-18 of the French Code 
de commerce or (iii) any proposal to transfer the registered office of a societas europaea to 
another Member State of the European Union) L.236-13, L.236-18 and L. 229-2 of the French 
Code de commerce and the related provisions of the French Code de commerce shall not apply to 
the Notes. As a result of the exclusion of Articles L.228-65 I. 1°, 3°, 6°, L.236-13, L.236-18 and 
L. 229-2 of the French Code de commerce, no General Meeting shall be held nor a Written 
Resolution shall be submitted and no early redemption of any Note by the Issuer shall be 
requested by the Noteholders in respect of any event mentioned above, which may affect the 
interests of the Noteholders generally. 
2 
Risk Factors relating to the structure and feature of a particular issue of Notes 
The Programme allows for different types of Notes to be issued. Accordingly, each Tranche of Notes 
may carry varying risks for potential investors depending on the specific features of such Notes such as, 
inter alia, the provisions for computation of periodic interest payments, if any, redemption and issue 
price. 
2.1 
Risk Factors relating to the Interest payable on the Notes 
2.1.1 Fixed Rate Notes 
As contemplated by Condition 5(b), the Issuer may issue Fixed Rate Notes bearing interest on its 
outstanding nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrears on 
each Interest Payment Date. 
Investment in Notes which bear interest at a fixed rate involves the risk that subsequent changes 
in market interest rates may adversely affect the value of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 
Noteholders may lose all or part of their investment in the Notes and therefore their interests may 
be significantly negatively altered. 
While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate Note is determined during the term of such Note 
or within a given period of time, the market interest rate (the “Market Interest Rate”) typically 
varies on a daily basis. As the Market Interest Rate changes, the price of the Notes varies in the 
opposite direction. If the Market Interest Rate increases, the price of the Notes typically 
decreases, until the yield of the Note equals approximately the Market Interest Rate. If the Market 
Interest Rate decreases, the price of a Fixed Rate Note typically increases, until the yield of such 
Note equals approximately the Market Interest Rate.  
Therefore, the price of the Notes at any particular time may be lower than the purchase price of 
the Notes paid by the Noteholder. As a consequence, part of the capital invested by the 
Noteholder may be lost on any transfer of the Notes, so that the Noteholder in such case would 
not receive the total amount of the capital invested.

--- Page 21 ---
A50482058 
21 
 
2.1.2 Floating Rate Notes 
As contemplated in Condition 5(c), investment in Notes which bear interest at a floating rate 
comprise (i) a reference rate and (ii) a margin to be added or subtracted, as the case may be, from 
such base rate. Typically, the relevant margin will not change throughout the life of the Notes but 
there will be a periodic adjustment (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the reference rate 
(e.g., every three months or six months) which itself will change in accordance with general 
market conditions. Accordingly, the market value of floating rate Notes may be volatile if 
changes, particularly short-term changes, to market interest rates evidenced by the relevant 
reference rate can only be reflected in the interest rate of these Notes upon the next periodic 
adjustment of the relevant reference rate. As a result, Noteholders may lose all or part of their 
investments in the Notes and therefore their interests may be significantly negatively altered. 
2.1.3 Investors will not be able to calculate in advance their rate of return on Floating Rate Notes 
As contemplated in Condition 5(c), a key difference between Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate 
Notes is that interest income on Floating Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying 
interest income, investors are not able to determine a definite yield of Floating Rate Notes at the 
time they purchase them, so that their return on investment cannot be compared with that of 
investments having longer fixed interest periods. If the terms and conditions of the Notes, as 
further specified in the relevant Final Terms, provide for frequent interest payment dates, 
investors are exposed to the reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. That is, investors 
may reinvest the interest income paid to them only at the relevant lower interest rates then 
prevailing. As a result, Noteholders may lose all or part of their investments in the Notes and 
therefore their interests may be significantly negatively altered. 
2.1.4 Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
As contemplated in Condition 5(d), Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that 
the Issuer may elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to a 
Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) that will automatically change from 
a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate on the date set out in the 
Final Terms. The conversion (whether it be automatic or optional) of the interest rate may affect 
the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the conversion may produce a 
lower overall cost of borrowing. If a Fixed Rate is converted to a Floating Rate, the spread on the 
fixed to Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable 
Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new Floating Rate at any time 
may be lower than the rates on other Notes. The conversion from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate, 
the Fixed Rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes. 
Investors should refer to risk factors set out in the risk factors entitled “Fixed Rate Notes” 
and “Floating Rate Notes”. 
2.1.5 Zero Coupon Notes 
As contemplated by Condition 5(e), the Issuer may issue Zero Coupon Notes. Changes in market 
interest rates have a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero Coupon Notes than on the 
prices of ordinary Notes because the discounted issue prices are substantially below par. If 
market interest rates increase, Zero Coupon Notes can suffer higher price losses than other Notes 
having the same maturity and credit rating. Due to their leverage effect, Zero Coupon Notes are a 
type of investment associated with a particularly high price risk and Noteholders may, as a result, 
lose all or part of their investment in the Notes.

--- Page 22 ---
A50482058 
22 
 
2.1.6 Reform and regulation of “benchmarks” 
Pursuant to Condition 5(c) and where the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate 
Notes identifies that the Rate of Interest for such Notes will be determined by reference to the 
Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) or other indices which are deemed to be 
“benchmarks”, investors should be aware that EURIBOR or other indices are the subject of 
recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of 
these reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may 
cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have 
other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequences could have a material 
adverse effect on the liquidity and value of and return on any Notes linked to such a 
“benchmark”. 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial 
contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds, as amended (the “Benchmarks 
Regulation”) was published in the European official journal on 29 June 2016 and most of 
provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation apply since 1 January 2018. 
The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of “benchmarks” in the EU, the contribution 
of input data to a “benchmark” and the use of a “benchmark” within the EU. It, among other 
things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, 
to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and to comply with 
extensive requirements in relation to the administration of “benchmarks” (or, if non-EU based, to 
be subject to equivalent requirements) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of 
“benchmarks” of administrators that are not authorised/registered (or, if non-EU based, deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material adverse impact on any Notes linked to a rate 
or index deemed to be a “benchmark”, in particular if the methodology or other terms of the 
“benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks 
Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or 
otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the “benchmark”. 
The Benchmarks Regulation was further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021 (the “Amending Regulation”). The 
Amending Regulation introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-down 
of certain benchmarks by conferring the power to designate a statutory replacement for certain 
benchmarks to the European Commission or the relevant national competent authority in certain 
circumstances, such replacement being limited to contracts and financial instruments (such as 
certain Notes). A statutory replacement benchmark could have a negative impact on the value or 
liquidity of, and return on, certain Notes linked to or referencing such benchmark and may not 
operate as intended at the relevant time or may perform differently from the discontinued or 
otherwise unavailable benchmark. In addition, this Amending Regulation is subject to further 
development through delegated regulations and the transitional provisions applicable to third-
country benchmarks are extended until the end of 2023 (and the Commission is empowered to 
further extend this period until the end of 2025, if necessary). There are therefore uncertainties in 
relation to the potential impact of these legislative developments. 
 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform or the general 
increased regulatory scrutiny of “benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of

--- Page 23 ---
A50482058 
23 
 
administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a “benchmark” and complying with any 
such regulations or requirements.  
Such factors may have the following effects on certain “benchmarks”: (i) discourage market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain “benchmarks”, (ii) trigger 
changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain “benchmarks”, or (iii) lead to the 
disappearance of certain “benchmarks”.  
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international, national 
or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse 
effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to a “benchmark”. 
2.1.7 Floating Rate Notes – benchmark discontinuation 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in 
respect of Floating Rate Notes is to be determined, and EURIBOR or another Reference Rate 
(other than €STR, SARON, SOFR Benchmark, SONIA and TONA) has been selected as the 
Reference Rate, Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) provides that the Rate of Interest shall be determined by 
reference to the Relevant Screen Page (or its successor or replacement). In circumstances where 
the Original Reference Rate is discontinued, neither the Relevant Screen Page, nor any successor 
or replacement may be available.  
Where the Relevant Screen Page is not available, and no successor or replacement for the 
Relevant Screen Page is available, Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) provides for the Rate of Interest to be 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to quotations from banks communicated to the 
Calculation Agent. 
Where such quotations are not available (as may be the case if the relevant banks are not 
submitting rates for the determination of such Original Reference Rate), the Rate of Interest may 
ultimately revert to the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date before the Original Reference Rate was unavailable (and solely in the context that such 
unavailability does not qualify as a Benchmark Event). Uncertainty as to the continuation of such 
Original Reference Rate, the availability of quotes from reference banks, and the rate that would 
be applicable if such Original Reference Rate is unavailable may adversely affect the value of, 
and return on, the Floating Rate Notes. 
If a Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 5(a)) (which, amongst other events, includes the 
permanent discontinuation of an Original Reference Rate) occurs in relation to an Original 
Reference Rate (other than €STR, SARON, SOFR Benchmark, SONIA and TONA) when any 
Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such 
Original Reference Rate, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser. The Independent Adviser shall endeavour to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate to be used in place of the Original Reference Rate. The use of any such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate to determine the Rate of Interest is likely to result in Notes initially linked to or 
referencing the Original Reference Rate performing differently (which may include payment of a 
lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to 
apply in its current form. 
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the Original Reference Rate is 
determined by the Independent Adviser, the Conditions of the Notes provide that the Issuer may 
vary the Conditions of the Notes, as necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate, without any requirement for consent or approval of the Noteholders.

--- Page 24 ---
A50482058 
24 
 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined by the Independent Adviser, the Conditions 
of the Notes also provide that an Adjustment Spread may be determined by the Independent 
Adviser and applied to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate. The aim of the Adjustment 
Spread is to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any economic prejudice or 
benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate. 
However, it may not be possible to determine or apply an Adjustment Spread and even if an 
Adjustment Spread is applied, such Adjustment Spread may not be effective to reduce or 
eliminate economic prejudice to Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders. If no 
Adjustment Spread can be determined, a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may nonetheless be 
used to determine the Rate of Interest. The use of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
(including with the application of an Adjustment Spread) may still result in Notes linked to or 
referencing the Original Reference Rate performing differently (which may include payment of a 
lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply 
in its current form.  
The Issuer may be unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser may not 
be able to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in accordance with the Conditions of 
the Notes. 
Where the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner, or the 
Independent Adviser is unable, to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate before the next 
Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest for the next succeeding Interest Period will be 
the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the 
occurrence of the Benchmark Event, or, where the Benchmark Event occurs before the first 
Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest will be the initial Rate of Interest.  
Where the Issuer has been unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or, the Independent Adviser 
has failed, to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in respect of any given Interest 
Period, it will continue to attempt to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner before 
the next succeeding Interest Determination Date and/or to determine a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate to apply the next succeeding and any subsequent Interest Periods, as necessary.  
Applying the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event is likely to result in 
Notes linked to or referencing the relevant benchmark performing differently (which may include 
payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the relevant benchmark were to 
continue to apply, or if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate could be determined. 
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or, the Independent Adviser fails to 
determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the life of the relevant Notes, the initial Rate 
of Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, will continue to apply to maturity. This will result 
in the floating rate Notes, in effect, becoming fixed rate Notes. Noteholders may, in such 
circumstances, be materially affected and receive a lower interest as they would have expected if 
an Independent Adviser had been determined or if such Independent Adviser did not fail to 
determine such Successor or Alternative Rate. 
2.1.8 The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) which 
are possible reference rates for Floating Rate Notes

--- Page 25 ---
A50482058 
25 
 
Condition 5(c) allows Notes referencing risk-free rates to be issued. The market continues to 
develop in relation to risk-free rates, such as the Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”), 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rates (“SOFR”), the Daily Euro Short-term Rate (“€STR”), 
the Tokyo Overnight Average (“TONA”) and the Swiss Average Rate Overnight (“SARON”), as 
reference rates in the capital markets for sterling, U.S. dollar, euro, Japanese Yen or Swiss Franc 
bonds, as applicable, and their adoption as alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates.  
Such risk-free rates have a limited performance history and the future performance of such risk-
free rates is impossible to predict. As a consequence, no future performance of the relevant risk-
free rate or Notes referencing such risk-free rate may be inferred from any of the hypothetical or 
actual historical performance data. In addition, investors should be aware that risk-free rates may 
behave materially differently to interbank offered rates as interest reference rates. For example, 
since publication of SOFR began, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile 
than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or other market rates. 
Interest is calculated on the basis of the compounded risk-free rate or an arithmetic average of the 
risk-free rate, using the relevant specific formula set out in the Conditions of the Notes. In 
addition, market conventions for calculating the interest rate for notes referencing risk-free rates 
continue to develop and market participants and relevant working groups are exploring 
alternative reference rates based on risk-free rates. Accordingly, the specific formula for 
calculating the rate used in the Notes issued under the Base Prospectus may not be widely 
adopted by other market participants, if at all.  
The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing risk-free rates that materially differ in 
terms of interest determination when compared with any previous Notes referencing risk-free 
rates issued by it. If the market adopts a different calculation method, that could adversely affect 
the market value of Notes issued under the Programme. 
Interest on Notes which reference a risk-free rate is only capable of being determined 
immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes 
which reference risk-free rates to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be payable 
on such Notes.  
Each risk-free rate is published and calculated by third parties based on data received from other 
sources and the Issuer has no control over their respective determinations, calculations or 
publications. There is a risk that the relevant risk-free rate (or the Compounded SOFR Index or 
SONIA Compounded Index Rate) will be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that 
is materially adverse to the interests of investors in Notes linked to or which reference such risk-
free rate (or that any applicable benchmark fallback provisions provided for in the Conditions of 
the Notes will provide a rate which is not economically equivalent for Noteholders). If the 
manner in which the relevant risk-free rate is calculated is changed, that change may result in a 
reduction of the amount of interest payable on such Notes and the trading prices of such Notes. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Conditions of the Notes and used in relation to Notes that 
reference a risk-free rate issued under the Base Prospectus.  
Any mismatch between the adoption of such risk-free rates in the bond, loan and derivatives 
markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which investors may put in 
place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of any Notes.

--- Page 26 ---
A50482058 
26 
 
2.2 
Risk Factors relating to the Redemption of the Notes 
2.2.1 Notes subject to early redemption 
The Issuer has the option, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, to redeem the Notes under a 
make-whole call option as provided in Condition 6(c), a call option as provided in 
Condition 6(d), a residual maturity call option as provided in Condition 6(e) or a clean-up call 
option as provided in Condition 6(f). In particular, in case of a clean-up call option there is no 
obligation for the Issuer to inform investors if and when the percentage of 75 per cent. has been 
reached or is about to be reached, and the Issuer’s right to redeem will exist notwithstanding that 
immediately prior to the serving of a notice in respect of the exercise of this option, the Notes 
may have been traded significantly above par, thus potentially resulting in a loss of capital 
invested. 
Furthermore, in the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in 
respect of any Notes due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or 
future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by the country of domicile (or residence for tax purposes) by the 
Issuer, or on behalf of France, or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or 
thereof having power to tax, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
In addition, if in the case of any Notes the relevant Final Terms specify that the Notes are 
redeemable at the Issuer’s option, the Issuer may choose to redeem the Notes at times when 
prevailing interest rates may be relatively low. During a period when the Issuer may elect, or has 
elected, to redeem Notes, such Notes may feature a market value substantially above the price at 
which they can be redeemed.  
As a consequence, the yields received upon redemption may be lower than expected. 
Furthermore, an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable 
security at an effective interest rate as high as that of the relevant Notes. 
All of the above may reduce the profits potential investors in the Notes may have expected in 
subscribing the Notes and could have significant impact on the Noteholders. 
2.2.2 Change of Control, Put Option, Call Option 
Exercise of the Change of Control Put Option as provided in Condition 6(k), the Put Option 
provided in Condition 6(g) or the Call Option as provided in Condition 6(d) in respect of certain 
Notes may affect the liquidity of the Notes of the same Series in respect of which such option is 
not exercised. 
Depending on the number of Notes of the same Series in respect of which the Change of Control 
Put Option, the Put Option or the Call Option provided in the relevant Final Terms is exercised, 
any trading market in respect of those Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised may 
become illiquid and Noteholders may lose part of their investment. 
2.3 
Risk Factors relating to Inflation Linked Notes 
As contemplated in Condition 5(c), the Issuer may issue Inflation Linked Notes. Inflation Linked 
Notes are debt securities which do not provide for predetermined interest payments and/or in 
respect of which the principal is indexed. Interest amounts and/or principal will be dependent 
upon the performance of either (i) the consumer price index (excluding tobacco) for all 
households in metropolitan France (the “CPI”), as calculated and published monthly by the

--- Page 27 ---
A50482058 
27 
 
Institut National de la Statistique et des Etudes Economiques (“INSEE”), or (ii) the harmonised 
index of consumer prices excluding tobacco, or the relevant successor index, measuring the rate 
of inflation in the European Monetary Union excluding tobacco as calculated and published 
monthly by Eurostat (the “HICP”) (each an “Inflation Index” and together, the “Inflation 
Indices”). If the value of the relevant index calculated at anytime prior to the maturity date is 
lower than the value of the relevant index at the time of the issue of the Notes or at the time of 
purchase by the Noteholders, then the amount of interest payable by the Issuer and/or the 
principal of Inflation Linked Notes may vary. Noteholders may receive no interest. However, if 
the nominal amount to be repaid at maturity is below par, the Inflation Linked Notes will be 
redeemed at par.  
The above-factors could materially and adversely affect the liquidity of the Notes and investors 
could lose all or part of their investment. 
2.4 
Risk Factors relating to the denomination of the Notes 
2.4.1 Renminbi-denominated Notes  
The relevant Final Terms in relation to any Series of Notes may specify that the Notes are 
denominated in Renminbi (“RMB Notes”). RMB Notes contain particular risks for potential 
investors. 
Renminbi is not freely convertible and may adversely affect the liquidity of the RMB Notes 
Renminbi is not freely convertible at present. The PRC government continues to regulate 
conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies, including the U.S. dollar, despite the 
significant reduction over the years by the PRC government of its control over routine foreign 
exchange transactions under current accounts. 
Remittance of Renminbi by foreign investors into the PRC for the purposes of capital account 
items, such as capital contributions, is generally only permitted upon obtaining specific approvals 
from, or completing specific registrations or filings with, the relevant authorities and is subject to 
a strict monitoring system. Regulations in the PRC on the remittance of Renminbi into the PRC 
for settlement of capital account items are developing gradually. 
Although Renminbi was added to the Special Drawing Rights basket created by the International 
Monetary Fund in 2016 and policies further improving accessibility to Renminbi to settle cross-
border transactions in foreign currencies have been implemented by the People’s Bank of China 
(“PBOC”) in the past few years, there is a risk that the PRC government will not continue to 
liberalise the control over cross-border RMB remittances in the future, that any pilot schemes for 
Renminbi cross-border utilisation will be discontinued or that new PRC regulations will be 
promulgated in the future which have the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of 
Renminbi into or outside the PRC. In the event that funds cannot be repatriated outside the PRC 
in Renminbi, this may affect the overall availability of Renminbi outside the PRC and the ability 
of the Issuer to source Renminbi to finance its obligations under the RMB Notes. 
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of 
the RMB Notes and the Issuer’s ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service such RMB 
Notes.  
As a result of the restrictions imposed by the PRC government on cross-border Renminbi fund 
flows, the availability of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited. In efforts to internationalise the 
Renminbi, the PBOC has established Renminbi clearing and settlement systems for participating

--- Page 28 ---
A50482058 
28 
 
banks in various countries through settlement agreements (the “Settlement Agreements”) on the 
clearing of Renminbi business with financial institutions in a number of financial centres and 
cities (each, a “Renminbi Clearing Bank”) and these RMB Clearing Banks have been permitted 
to engage in the settlement of Renminbi trade transactions.  
However, the current size of Renminbi-denominated financial assets outside the PRC is limited.  
There are restrictions imposed by the PBOC on Renminbi business participating banks in respect 
of cross-border Renminbi settlement, such as restrictions on the types of transactions for such 
cross-border Renminbi settlement. Furthermore, Renminbi business participating banks do not 
have direct Renminbi liquidity support from the PBOC, although the PBOC has gradually 
allowed participating banks to access the PRC's onshore inter-bank market for the purchase and 
sale of Renminbi. The relevant RMB Clearing Bank only has access to its own onshore liquidity 
support from the PBOC to square open positions of its relevant participating banks for limited 
types of transactions. The relevant Renminbi Clearing Bank is not obliged to square for 
participating banks any open positions resulting from other foreign exchange transactions or 
conversion services. In cases where the participating banks cannot source sufficient Renminbi 
through the above channels, they will need to source Renminbi from outside the PRC to square 
such open positions. 
Although it is expected that the offshore Renminbi market will continue to grow in depth and 
size, its growth is subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign 
exchange. There is a risk that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated in the future or the 
Settlement Agreements will not be terminated or amended in the future which will have the effect 
of restricting availability of Renminbi offshore. The limited availability of Renminbi outside the 
PRC may affect the liquidity of the RMB Notes. To the extent the Issuer is required to source 
Renminbi in the offshore market to service its RMB Notes, there is a risk that the Issuer will not 
be able to source such Renminbi on satisfactory terms, if at all. Should the Issuer resort to using 
another currency, such as U.S. dollar, to respect its payment obligations under the RMB Notes, 
the relevant Noteholders may lose part of their investment when converting such currency back 
into Renminbi, depending on the prevailing exchange rate at that time. 
2.5 
Risk Factors relating to Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The issue price of any specific Series of Notes will be determined in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes may be issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount. The 
market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal 
amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the 
securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities 
with comparable maturities.  
It is difficult to anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may 
have a significant adverse effect on the value and marketability of the Notes and Noteholders 
could lose part of their investment. 
2.6 
Risk Factors relating to the market generally 
2.6.1 No active Secondary/Trading Market for the Notes 
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed 
and for which there may be no active trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, 
such Tranche is to be consolidated with and form a single Series with a Tranche of Notes which

--- Page 29 ---
A50482058 
29 
 
is already issued). If the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount 
to their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar 
securities, general economic conditions and the financial condition of the Issuer. Although a 
particular Series of Notes may specify in the relevant Final Terms that they are expected to be 
listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or on any other Regulated Market in the 
EEA provided that a passporting application has been made by the Issuer to the AMF and 
provided that a certificate of approval has been notified by the AMF to the relevant competent 
authority, there is a risk that any particular Tranche of Notes will not be so listed and admitted or 
that an active trading market will develop. Accordingly, the development or liquidity of any 
trading market for any particular Tranche of Notes remains uncertain. As a consequence, 
investors may not be able to sell Notes readily or at prices that will enable them to realise their 
anticipated yield and as a result, investors could lose all or part of their investment in the Notes. 
2.6.2 Market Value of the Notes 
The market value of the Notes will be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer (as of the 
date of this Base Prospectus, the long term debt rating of the Issuer by Moody’s is Baa1 (stable 
outlook) and BBB+ (stable outlook) by S&P), and a number of additional factors, including the 
value of an index, including, but not limited to, the volatility of an index, market interest and 
yield rates and the time remaining to the maturity date.  
Application will be made in certain circumstances to list and admit the Notes on Euronext Paris 
and application may be made for the listing and admission to trading on any other Regulated 
Market in the EEA provided that a passporting application has been made by the Issuer to the 
AMF and provided that a certificate of approval has been notified by the AMF to the relevant 
competent authority. 
The value of the Notes depends on a number of interrelated factors, including economic, 
financial and political events in France or elsewhere, including factors affecting capital markets 
generally and the stock exchanges on which the Notes are traded. The price at which a 
Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could be 
substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such Noteholder and result in 
losing part of their investment in the Notes.  
2.6.3 Exchange Rates risks and exchange controls 
The Programme allows for Notes to be issued in a range of currencies (each a “Specified 
Currency” as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes). The reference assets or the 
Notes may be denominated in a currency other than the currency of the Noteholder’s home 
jurisdiction; and/or the reference assets or the Notes may be denominated in a currency other than 
the currency in which a Noteholder wishes to receive funds. Exchange rates between currencies 
are determined by factors of supply and demand in the international currency markets which are 
influenced by macro-economic factors, speculation and central bank and government intervention 
(including the imposition of currency controls and restrictions). Fluctuations in exchange rates 
may affect the value of the Notes or the reference assets. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, if this risk ever 
materialises, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or 
principal at all.

--- Page 30 ---
A50482058 
30 
 
2.6.4 Notes issued as green, social and/or sustainability Notes may not be a suitable investment for all 
investors 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer’s 
intention to issue green, social or sustainability Notes and an amount equal or equivalent to the 
net proceeds of the issuance of such Notes may be exclusively applied to finance or re-finance, in 
part or in full, new and/or existing (i) eligible green projects, (ii) eligible social projects, or (iii) 
eligible sustainability projects (being a combination of both green and social eligible projects) 
which may be further described in the Issuer’s relevant framework to be published on the Issuer’s 
website on or before the issue of such Notes. 
There is currently no market consensus on what precise attributes are required for a particular 
project to be defined as “green”, “social” or “sustainable”. The European Union adopted on 18 
June 2020 Regulation (EU) No 2020/852 (the “Taxonomy Regulation”) on the establishment of 
a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the “EU Taxonomy”), establishing the criteria 
for determining whether an economic activity qualifies as environmentally sustainable for the 
purposes of establishing the degree to which an investment is environmentally sustainable. The 
EU Taxonomy establishes a single EU-wide classification system, or "taxonomy", which 
provides companies and investors with a common language for determining which economic 
activities can be considered environmentally sustainable. The Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2021/2139 of 4 June 2021 establishing the technical screening criteria for determining 
which economic activities can be considered as contributing substantially to climate change 
mitigation or climate change adaptation and for determining whether that economic activity 
causes no significant harm to any of the other environmental objectives entered into force on 1 
January 2022. However, the EU Taxonomy and the Commission Delegated Regulation specified 
above remain subject to further developments with regard to other specific economic activities. 
In light of the continuing development of legal, regulatory and market conventions in the green, 
sustainable and positive social impact markets, there is a risk that the Eligible Projects (as 
defined in the “Reasons for the offer” paragraph in the relevant Final Terms) will not satisfy, 
whether in whole or in part, any future legislative or regulatory requirements, or any present or 
future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with 
which such investor or its investments are required to comply. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal or equivalent to the net proceeds 
of such Notes in, or substantially in, the manner described in the Issuer’s relevant framework to 
be published on the Issuer’s website on or before the issue of such Notes and in the Final Terms, 
the Eligible Projects (as defined in the “Reasons for the offer” paragraph in the relevant Final 
Terms) may not be capable of being implemented in, or substantially in, such manner and/or 
accordance with any timing schedule. 
Any failure to use an amount equal or equivalent to the net proceeds from such Notes on Eligible 
Projects or to meet or continue to meet the investment requirements of certain environmentally, 
socially or sustainably focused investors with respect to such Notes may affect the value of the 
Notes and/or may have adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to 
invest in green, social and/or sustainable assets.

--- Page 31 ---
A50482058 
31 
 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains certain statements that are forward-looking including statements with respect to the 
Issuer’s business strategies, expansion and growth of operations, trends in its business, competitive advantage, and 
technological and regulatory changes, information on exchange rate risk and generally includes all statements 
preceded by, followed by or that include the words “believe”, “expect”, “project”, “anticipate”, “seek”, “estimate” 
or similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks 
and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements as a result 
of various factors. Potential investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, 
which speak only as of the date hereof.

--- Page 32 ---
A50482058 
32 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following:  
(b) 
the pages referred to in the table below included in the 2021 Universal Registration Document in the 
French language, filed with the AMF on 16 March 2022 under No. D. 22-0109, which contains the 
audited consolidated annual financial statements of Danone for the financial year ended 
31 December 2021 
(the 
“2021 
Universal 
Registration 
Document”) 
(https://www.danone.com/content/dam/danone-corp/danone-com/investors/fr-all-
publications/2021/registrationdocuments/danoneurd2021fr.pdf);  
(c) 
the pages referred to in the table below included in the 2022 Universal Registration Document in the 
French language, filed with the AMF on 16 March 2023 under No. D.23-0099, which contains the 
audited consolidated annual financial statements of Danone for the financial year ended 
31 December 2022 
(the 
“2022 
Universal 
Registration 
Document”) 
(https://www.danone.com/content/dam/danone-corp/danone-com/investors/fr-all-
publications/2022/registrationdocuments/danoneurd2022fr.pdf); and 
(d) 
the terms and conditions of the notes contained in the base prospectuses of the Issuer dated 
24 October 2014 
(https://www.danone.com/en/emtn-
prospectus/2014/Prospectus_du_programme_EMTN_en_date_du_24_octobre_2014.pdf, the “2014 
EMTN 
Conditions”), 
26 October 
2015 
(https://www.danone.com/en/emtn-
prospectus/2015/Danone_2015_Base_Prospectus.pdf, the “2015 EMTN Conditions”), 26 September 
2016 (https://www.danone.com/en/emtn-prospectus/2016/Update_Base_Prospectus.pdf, the “2016 
EMTN 
Conditions”), 
20 October 2017 
(https://www.danone.com/en/emtn-
prospectus/2017/Danone_2017_Base_Prospectus.pdf, the “2017 EMTN Conditions”), 12 April 2019 
(https://www.danone.com/en/emtn-prospectus/2019/danone-2019_base-prospectus_visa.pdf, the “2019 
EMTN Conditions”), 9 April 2020 (https://www.danone.com/content/dam/danone-corp/danone-
com/investors/fr-emtn-prospectus/2020/emtnprospectus/2020_EMTN_Base_Prospectus.pdf, the “2020 
EMTN Conditions”), 21 April 2021 (https://www.danone.com/content/dam/danone-corp/danone-
com/investors/en-emtn-prospectus/2021/emtnprospectus/Danone_2021_Base_Prospectus.pdf, 
the 
“2021 EMTN Conditions”) and 18 May 2022 (https://www.danone.com/content/dam/danone-
corp/danone-com/investors/fr-emtn-prospectus/2022/emtnprospectus/danone2022baseprospectus.pdf, 
the “2022 EMTN Conditions”) and, together with the 2014 EMTN Conditions, the 2015 EMTN 
Conditions, the 2016 EMTN Conditions, the 2017 EMTN Conditions, the 2019 EMTN Conditions, the 
2020 EMTN Conditions and the 2021 EMTN Conditions, the “EMTN Previous Conditions”), 
which shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference, save that any statement contained in a document 
which is incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of 
this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier 
statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). 
For information purposes only, the English language translations of (i) the 2021 Universal Registration 
Document and (ii) the 2022 Universal Registration Document are available on the website of the Issuer 
(www.danone.com). For ease of reference, the page numbering of the English language translations of the 
documents incorporated by reference is identical to the French versions. These English language translations 
are not incorporated by reference herein.

--- Page 33 ---
A50482058 
33 
 
This Base Prospectus and copies of all documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall be 
published on and may be obtained from the website of the Issuer (www.danone.com). 
The non-incorporated parts of the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall not form 
part of this Base Prospectus and are either not relevant for the investors or covered elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are incorporated by reference, the information on the websites 
to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised 
or approved by the AMF. 
For the purpose of the Prospectus Regulation, information can be found in the documents incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus in accordance with the following cross-reference table (in which the 
numbering refers to the relevant items of Annex 7 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 
14 March 2019 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation, as amended, (the “Commission Delegated 
Regulation”)). 
Any information not listed in the cross-reference list below but included in the documents incorporated by 
reference shall not form part of this Base Prospectus and is not relevant for investors: 
 
Commission Delegated Regulation – Annex 7 
2022 Universal 
Registration Document 
2021 Universal 
Registration Document 
2 
STATUTORY AUDITORS 
 
 
2.1 
Names and addresses of the issuer’s auditors 
for the period covered by the historical 
financial information (together with their 
membership in a professional body). 
Page 6 
Page 6 
2.2 
If auditors have resigned, been removed or 
not been re-appointed during the period 
covered 
by 
the 
historical 
financial 
information, details if material. 
Not applicable 
Not applicable 
3 
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
3.1 
A description of the material risks that are 
specific to the issuer and that may affect the 
issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under 
the securities, in a limited number of 
categories, in a section headed ‘Risk Factors’. 
In each category the most material risks, in 
the assessment of the issuer, offeror or person 
asking for admission to trading on a regulated 
market, taking into account the negative 
impact on the issuer and the probability of 
their occurrence, shall be set out first. The risk 
factors shall be corroborated by the content of 
the registration document. 
Pages 22 to 34 
 
4 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
 
 
4.1 
History and development of the Issuer: 
 
 
4.1.1 
the legal and commercial name of the Issuer; 
Page 6

--- Page 34 ---
A50482058 
34 
 
Commission Delegated Regulation – Annex 7 
2022 Universal 
Registration Document 
2021 Universal 
Registration Document 
4.1.2 
the place of registration of the issuer and its 
registration number and legal entity identifier 
(‘LEI’); 
Page 6 
 
4.1.3 
the date of incorporation and the length of life 
of the Issuer, except where indefinite; and 
Page 6 
 
4.1.4 
the domicile and legal form of the issuer, the 
legislation under which the issuer operates, its 
country 
of 
incorporation, 
the 
address, 
telephone number of its registered office (or 
principal place of business if different from its 
registered office) and website of the issuer, if 
any, with a disclaimer that the information on 
the website does not form part of the 
prospectus 
unless 
that 
information 
is 
incorporated by reference into the prospectus. 
Page 6 
 
4.1.5 
Any recent events particular to the issuer and 
which are to a material extent relevant to an 
evaluation of the issuer’s solvency. 
Pages 42 to 57 and 114-
115 
 
5 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
 
 
5.1 
Principal activities: 
 
 
5.1.1 
A brief description of the issuer’s principal 
activities stating the main categories of 
products sold and/or services performed; and 
Pages 12 to 20 and 44-
45 
 
5.1.2 
The basis for any statements in the 
registration document made by the issuer 
regarding its competitive position. 
Pages 7 (18th and 19th 
items in the table of 
paragraph 1.2), 12-13 
and 19 
 
6 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
 
 
6.1 
If the issuer is part of a group, a brief 
description of the group and the issuer's 
position within the group. This may be in the 
form of, or accompanied by, a diagram of the 
organisational structure if this helps to clarify 
the structure. 
Pages 21 and 43 
 
6.2 
If the issuer is dependent upon other entities 
within the group, this must be clearly stated 
together 
with 
an 
explanation 
of 
this 
dependence. 
Not applicable

--- Page 35 ---
A50482058 
35 
 
Commission Delegated Regulation – Annex 7 
2022 Universal 
Registration Document 
2021 Universal 
Registration Document 
9 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT, 
AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
 
 
9.1 
Names, business addresses and functions in 
the issuer of the following persons, and an 
indication of the principal activities performed 
by them outside the issuer where these are 
significant with respect to that issuer: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(a) members 
of 
the 
administrative, 
management or supervisory bodies; 
Pages 232, 241-242 and 
254 to 263 
 
 
(b) partners with unlimited liability, in the 
case of a limited partnership with a share 
capital. 
Not applicable 
 
9.2 
Administrative, 
Management, 
and 
Supervisory bodies conflicts of interests 
Potential conflicts of interests between any 
duties to the issuer, of the persons referred to 
in item 9.1, and their private interests and or 
other duties must be clearly stated. In the 
event that there are no such conflicts, a 
statement to that effect must be made. 
Pages 238 to 240 
 
10 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
 
 
10.1 
To the extent known to the issuer, state 
whether the issuer is directly or indirectly 
owned or controlled and by whom and 
describe the nature of such control, and 
describe the measures in place to ensure that 
such control is not abused. 
Pages 329 to 331 
 
10.2 
A description of any arrangements, known to 
the issuer, the operation of which may at a 
subsequent date result in a change in control 
of the issuer. 
Page 333 
 
11 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE ISSUER'S ASSETS 
AND LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL 
POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
 
 
11.1 
Historical Financial Information 
 
 
11.1.1 
Historical financial information covering the 
latest two financial years (at least 24 months) 
or such shorter period as the issuer has been in 
operation and the audit report in respect of 
each year.  
Pages 62 to 121 
Pages 60 to 121 
 
(a) balance sheet; 
Pages 64 and 65 
Pages 62 and 63 
 
(b) income statement; 
Pages 62 and 63 
Pages 60 and 61 
 
(c) cash flow statement; and 
Page 66 
Page 64 
 
(d) accounting policies and explanatory 
Pages 69 to 116 
Pages 67 to 115

--- Page 36 ---
A50482058 
36 
 
Commission Delegated Regulation – Annex 7 
2022 Universal 
Registration Document 
2021 Universal 
Registration Document 
notes 
11.1.3 
Accounting standards 
Pages 70 and 71 
Pages 68 and 69 
 
The financial information must be prepared 
according to International Financial Reporting 
Standards as endorsed in the Union based on 
Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002. 
 
 
 
If Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 is not 
applicable the financial statements must be 
prepared according to: 
 
 
 
(a) a Member State’s national accounting 
standards for issuers from the EEA as 
required by Directive 2013/34/EU; 
 
 
 
(b) a third country’s national accounting 
standards equivalent to Regulation (EC) 
No 1606/2002 for third country issuers. 
 
 
 
Otherwise the following information must be 
included in the registration document: 
 
 
 
(a) a prominent statement that the financial 
information included in the registration 
document has not been prepared in 
accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards as endorsed in the 
Union based on Regulation (EC) No 
1606/2002 and that there may be 
material differences in the financial 
information had Regulation (EC) No 
1606/2002 been applied to the historical 
financial information; 
 
 
 
(b) immediately following the historical 
financial 
information 
a 
narrative 
description of the differences between 
Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 as 
adopted by the Union and the accounting 
principles adopted by the issuer in 
preparing its annual financial statements. 
 
 
11.1.5 
Consolidated financial statements 
Pages 62 to 121 
Pages 60 to 121 
 
If the issuer prepares both stand-alone and 
consolidated financial statements, include at 
least the consolidated financial statements in 
the registration document.

--- Page 37 ---
A50482058 
37 
 
Commission Delegated Regulation – Annex 7 
2022 Universal 
Registration Document 
2021 Universal 
Registration Document 
11.2 
Auditing of historical annual financial 
information 
 
 
11.2.1 
The historical annual financial information 
must be independently audited. The audit 
report shall be prepared in accordance with 
Directive 2006/43/EC and Regulation (EU) 
No 537/2014. 
 
Pages 117 to 121 
Pages 116 to 121 
11.2.1a  Where audit reports on the annual financial 
statements have been refused by the statutory 
auditors or where they contain qualifications, 
modifications of opinion, disclaimers or an 
emphasis of matter, the reason must be given, 
and 
such 
qualifications, 
modifications, 
disclaimers or emphasis of matter must be 
reproduced in full. 
Not applicable 
Not applicable 
11.3 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
 
 
11.3.1 
Information on any governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened 
of which the issuer is aware), during a period 
covering at least the previous 12 months 
which may have, or have had in the recent 
past, significant effects on the issuer and/or 
group's financial position or profitability, or 
provide an appropriate negative statement. 
Pages 114 and 135 
 
11.4 
Significant change in the issuer’s financial 
position 
 
 
11.4.1 
A description of any significant change in the 
financial position of the group which has 
occurred since the end of the last financial 
period for which either audited financial 
information or interim financial information 
have 
been 
published, 
or 
provide 
an 
appropriate negative statement. 
Page 57 
 
12 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
 
 
12 
A brief summary of all material contracts that 
are not entered into in the ordinary course of 
the issuer’s business, which could result in 
any group member being under an obligation 
or entitlement that is material to the issuer’s 
ability to meet its obligation to security 
holders in respect of the securities being 
issued. 
Page 45

--- Page 38 ---
A50482058 
38 
 
The EMTN Previous Conditions are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus for the purpose only of 
further issues of Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with Notes already issued 
pursuant to the relevant EMTN Previous Conditions. 
EMTN Previous Conditions 
Base prospectus dated 24 October 2014 
Pages 27 to 62 
Base prospectus dated 26 October 2015 
Pages 28 to 60 
Base prospectus dated 26 September 2016 
Pages 26 to 57 
Base prospectus dated 20 October 2017 
Pages 30 to 62 
Base prospectus dated 12 April 2019 
Pages 36 to 79 
Base prospectus dated 9 April 2020 
Pages 38 to 82 
Base prospectus dated 21 April 2021 
Pages 41 to 85 
Base prospectus dated 18 May 2022 
Pages 40 to 112

--- Page 39 ---
A50482058 
39 
 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the Issuer is required to prepare a prospectus supplement pursuant to provisions of Article 23 of 
the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base 
Prospectus or a further Base Prospectus which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed and 
admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or on a Regulated Market of a Member State of the EEA, shall 
constitute a prospectus supplement as required by Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealers that if at any time during the duration of the Programme 
there is a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes and whose inclusion in or removal 
from this Base Prospectus is necessary for the purpose of allowing an investor to make an informed 
assessment of the assets and liabilities, profits and losses, financial position and prospects of the Issuer, the 
rights attaching to the Notes and the reason for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer, the Issuer shall 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of the Notes 
and shall supply to each Dealer such number of copies of such supplement hereto as such Dealer may 
reasonably request.

--- Page 40 ---
A50482058 
40 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes. In the case of Dematerialised Notes, 
the text of the terms and conditions will not be endorsed on physical documents of title but will be constituted 
by the following text as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the case of Materialised Notes, either 
(i) the full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant provisions of the Final Terms or 
(ii) these terms and conditions as so completed (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-
applicable provisions), shall be endorsed on Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. All capitalised terms that 
are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms. 
References in the Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be 
issued under the Programme. 
An agency agreement dated 3 May 2023 (as amended or supplemented from time to time, 
the “Agency Agreement”) has been agreed between Danone (“Danone” or the “Issuer”), BNP Paribas as 
fiscal agent and the other agents named in it. The fiscal agent, the paying agents, the redenomination agent, 
the consolidation agent and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below 
respectively as the “Fiscal Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent), 
the “Redenomination Agent”, the “Consolidation Agent” and the “Calculation Agent(s)”. In respect of 
Condition 6(c) BNP Paribas will not act as Calculation Agent and the Issuer shall appoint an independent 
calculation agent specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Make-Whole Calculation Agent”) in respect of 
this Condition. If a Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, such Final Terms will set out the relevant Make-Whole Calculation Agent appointed by the Issuer. 
The holders of Dematerialised Notes and Materialised Notes, the holders of the interest coupons 
(the “Coupons”) relating to interest bearing Materialised Notes and, where applicable in the case of such 
Notes, talons (the “Talons”) for further Coupons (the “Couponholders”) and the holders of the receipts 
(the “Receipts”) for the payment of instalments of principal (the “Receiptholders”) relating to Materialised 
Notes of which the principal is payable in instalments are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement applicable to them.  
Terms between square brackets shall apply to Notes guaranteed by Danone when Danone is replaced and 
substituted by the Substituted Issuer, as provided in Condition 16. References below to “Guarantor” shall 
mean Danone, in its capacity as guarantor of Notes if there is a substitution of the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 16. 
References below to “Conditions” are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs 
below. 
For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions, “Regulated Market” means any regulated market situated in 
a Member State of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended 
from time to time. 
In these Conditions, references to “day” or “days” are to calendar days unless the context otherwise specifies. 
1 
Form, Denomination(s), Title and Redenomination 
(a) 
Form: Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (“Dematerialised Notes”) or in 
materialised form (“Materialised Notes”). 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 and R.211-1 
of the French Code monétaire et financier (the “Code”) by book entries (inscriptions en compte).

--- Page 41 ---
A50482058 
41 
 
No physical document of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of 
the Code) will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer and as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (the “Final Terms”), in either bearer form (au porteur), in which case they are inscribed in 
the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary) (“Euroclear France”) which shall 
credit the accounts of Account Holders, or in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter 
case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder in either administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré) inscribed in the books of an Account Holder or in fully registered form (au nominatif 
pur) inscribed in an account in the books of Euroclear France maintained by the Issuer or the 
registration agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer 
(the “Registration Agent”). 
The Issuer may require the identification of the Noteholders, in accordance with French law, 
unless such right is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purpose of these Conditions, “Account Holder” means any financial intermediary 
institution entitled directly or indirectly to hold accounts on behalf of its customers with 
Euroclear France, and includes the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
(“Clearstream”) and Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”). 
In the case of Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer form (au porteur), Euroclear France shall act 
as agent for the Issuer solely for the purpose of maintaining the record of ownership of such 
Dematerialised Notes in Euroclear France’s books. In the case of Dematerialised Notes issued in 
administered registered form (au nominatif administré), each Account Holder shall act as agent 
for the Issuer solely for the purpose of maintaining the record of ownership of such 
Dematerialised Notes in such Account Holder’s books. 
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form (“Materialised Bearer Notes”). Materialised 
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a 
Talon) attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other 
than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions 
are not applicable. Instalment Notes are issued with one or more Receipts attached. 
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 and R.211-1 of the Code, securities (such as Notes) which 
are governed by French law and are in materialised form must be issued outside the French 
territory. 
(b) 
Denomination(s): 
Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) as set out in the relevant Final Terms 
(the “Specified Denomination(s)”) save that the minimum denomination of each Note listed and 
admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in circumstances which require the publication of a 
Base Prospectus under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”) 
will be at least €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency at the issue date) or such other higher amount as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any 
laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency. Dematerialised Notes shall be 
issued in one Specified Denomination only.

--- Page 42 ---
A50482058 
42 
 
(c) 
Title: 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) and in administered registered 
form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be 
effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of Account Holders. Title to 
Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and 
transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the 
accounts of the Issuer or of the Registration Agent. 
(ii) 
Title to Materialised Bearer Notes in definitive form having, where appropriate, Coupons, 
Receipt(s) and/or a Talon attached thereto on issue (“Definitive Materialised Bearer 
Notes”), shall pass by delivery. 
(iii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as 
defined below) of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be 
treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless 
of any notice of ownership, or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no 
person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
(iv) 
In these Conditions, “holder of Notes”, “holder of any Note” or “Noteholder” means 
(i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, the person whose name appears in the account of 
the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as 
being entitled to such Notes and (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, the bearer of any 
Definitive Materialised Bearer Note and the Receipts, Coupons, or Talon relating to it, and 
capitalised terms have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms, the 
absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes. 
(d) 
Redenomination: 
The Issuer may (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), without the consent of any of the holders 
of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon, by giving at least 30 days’ notice in accordance with Condition 
15, redenominate on any Interest Payment Date all, but not some only, of the Notes of any Series into 
Euro and adjust the aggregate principal amount and the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the 
relevant Final Terms accordingly on or after the date on which the Member State of the European 
Union in whose national currency such Notes are denominated has become a participant member in the 
third stage of the European economic and monetary union (as provided in the treaty establishing the 
European Community (the “EC”), as amended from time to time (the “Treaty”)), or events have 
occurred which have substantially the same effects (in either case, “EMU”). The date on which such 
redenomination becomes effective shall be referred to in these Conditions as the “Redenomination 
Date”. 
2 
Conversion and Exchanges of Notes 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes: 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer form (au porteur) may not be converted into 
Dematerialised Notes in registered form, whether in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) or 
in administered registered form (au nominatif administré). 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in registered form (au nominatif) may not be converted into 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur).

--- Page 43 ---
A50482058 
43 
 
(iii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the option of 
the Noteholder, be converted into Notes in administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré), and vice versa. The exercise of any such option by such Noteholder shall be made 
in accordance with Article R.211-4 of the Code. Any such conversion shall be effected at the 
cost of such Noteholder. 
(b) 
Materialised Notes: 
Materialised Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Materialised 
Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
3 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes and, where applicable, any relative Receipts and Coupons are direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank 
and will at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves and (subject to such 
exceptions as are from time to time mandatory under French law) equally and rateably with all other present 
or future unsecured and unsubordinated financial obligations of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding. 
4 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes or, if applicable, any Receipts or Coupons relating to them, remain outstanding 
(as defined below), the Issuer [or, as the case may be, the Guarantor] will not create any mortgage, charge, 
pledge or other security interest (sûreté réelle) (“Security”) upon any of its assets or revenues, present or 
future, to secure (i) any Relevant Indebtedness (as defined below) or (ii) any guarantee in respect of any 
Relevant Indebtedness (whether before or after the issue of Notes), except the Guarantee (as defined in 
Condition 16), unless such Issuer’s obligations under the Notes, Receipts and Coupons are equally and 
rateably secured therewith or are given for the benefit of such other security or arrangement as shall be 
approved by the Masse, as defined in and pursuant to Condition 11. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“Relevant Indebtedness” means any indebtedness for borrowed money represented by bonds or notes 
(obligations) issued by the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries, [or, as the case may be, the Guarantor] 
which are for the time being, or are capable of being, quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any stock 
exchange or any other regulated securities market; 
“Principal Subsidiary” shall mean any subsidiary of Danone: 
- 
whose total consolidated assets or gross consolidated revenues attributable to Danone represent not 
less than 15 per cent. of the consolidated total assets or, consolidated gross revenues, as the case may 
be, of Danone and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as calculated by reference to the then latest 
consolidated audited accounts of Danone and its subsidiaries; or 
- 
to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the assets and undertakings of a 
subsidiary which immediately prior to such transfer was a Principal Subsidiary. 
“outstanding” means, in relation to the Notes of any Series, all the Notes issued other than (a) those that have 
been redeemed in accordance with these Conditions, (b) those in respect of which the date for redemption has 
occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest accrued on such Notes to the date for such 
redemption and any interest payable after such date) have been duly paid (i) in the case of Dematerialised 
Notes in bearer form and in administered registered form, to the relevant Account Holders on behalf of the 
Noteholder as provided in Condition 6(a), (ii) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, to

--- Page 44 ---
A50482058 
44 
 
the account of the Noteholder as provided in Condition 6(a) and (iii) in the case of Materialised Notes, to the 
Fiscal Agent and remain available for payment against presentation and surrender of Materialised Bearer 
Notes, Receipts and/or Coupons, as the case may be, (c) those which have become void or in respect of which 
claims have become prescribed, (d) those which have been purchased and cancelled as provided in these 
Conditions, (e) in the case of Materialised Notes (i) those mutilated or defaced Materialised Bearer Notes that 
have been surrendered in exchange for replacement Materialised Bearer Notes, (ii) (for the purpose only of 
determining how many such Materialised Bearer Notes are outstanding and without prejudice to their status 
for any other purpose) those Materialised Bearer Notes alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in 
respect of which replacement Materialised Bearer Notes have been issued and (iii) any Temporary Global 
Certificate to the extent that it shall have been exchanged for one or more Definitive Materialised Bearer 
Notes, pursuant to its provisions. 
This Condition 4 shall not apply to or be applicable in respect of any of the following Security created by the 
Issuer [or, as the case may be, the Guarantor] in respect of any Relevant Indebtedness over: 
(i) 
any office buildings or production facilities (or any equipment located therein) of Danone in each 
case acquired or constructed after the Issue Date by Danone for the sole purpose of financing or re-
financing such acquisition or construction and securing a principal, capital or nominal amount not 
exceeding 100 per cent. of the cost of that acquisition or construction;  
(ii) 
any shares or stock acquired by Danone after the Issue Date for the sole purpose of financing or re-
financing such acquisition and securing a principal, capital or nominal amount not exceeding 100 per 
cent. of the cost of such acquisition; and 
(iii) 
any assets (forming all or part of a business) acquired by Danone after the Issue Date for the sole 
purpose of financing or re-financing such acquisition and securing a principal, capital or nominal 
amount not exceeding 100 per cent. of the cost of such acquisition. 
5 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms 
shall have the meanings set out below: 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or a formula or a 
methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser determines and 
which is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, as the case may be, to 
reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice 
or benefit, as the case may be, to Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, as the 
case may be, and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no 
such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate);  
(ii) 
the Independent Adviser determines, is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to 
produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or (if the 
Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily applied); 
(iii) 
the Independent Adviser determines and which is recognised or acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original

--- Page 45 ---
A50482058 
45 
 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate, as the case may be. 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser 
determines in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(b) and which is customarily applied in 
international debt capital markets transactions for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(d). 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days or 
ceasing to exist; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased or that 
it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, that 
the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as a 
consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used either 
generally, or in respect of the Notes; or 
(v) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate 
any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate, 
provided that in the case of sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii) and (iv), the Benchmark Event shall occur on or 
within the six months preceding the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate, 
the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, or the prohibition of use of the Original Reference 
Rate, as the case may be, and not the date of the relevant public statement. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and promptly notified to the 
Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the 
Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent nor the Paying Agents shall have any responsibility for making 
such determination. 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of euro, a day on which the real time gross settlement system operated by the 
Eurosystem, or any successor system (the “T2”) is open for the settlement of payments in euro 
(a “TARGET Business Day”); and/or 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in Renminbi, a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments in Renminbi in Hong Kong and in the relevant Business 
Centre(s) (if any); and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a specified currency other than euro and Renminbi, a day (other than a Saturday, 
Sunday or a public holiday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments in the principal financial centre for such currency; and/or

--- Page 46 ---
A50482058 
46 
 
(iv) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (the “Business Centre(s)”), a day (other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a public holiday) 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency in 
the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business Centres 
so specified. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for 
any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether 
or not constituting an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/365” or “Actual/Actual – ISDA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in 
that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365);  
(ii) 
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally 
ending in any year; and  
(y) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; 
where: “Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination 
Date in any year to but excluding the next Determination Date; and 
“Determination Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, 
if none is specified, the Interest Payment Date; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;  
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
 
 
FRACTION
 
COUNT
 
DAY
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−

=

--- Page 47 ---
A50482058 
47 
 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;  
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;  
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and  
“D2” is the day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30; and  
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;  
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;  
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;  
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;  
“D1” is the first day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and  
“D2” is the day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;  
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;  
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
 
 
FRACTION
 
COUNT
 
DAY
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−

=
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
 
 
FRACTION
 
COUNT
 
DAY
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−

=

--- Page 48 ---
A50482058 
48 
 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;  
“D1” is the first day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the 
last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and  
“D2” is the day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of Member States of the European Union that adopt the 
single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended.  
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(a). 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive 
period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next 
succeeding Interest Period Date. 
“Interest Amount” means the amount of interest payable, and in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, means 
the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as the case may be.  
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period 
or the interest amount in relation to RMB Notes, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms 
or, if none is so specified, (i) the day falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is euro, or (ii) the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling (and in such case only if the relevant Reference Rate is not 
SONIA), or (iii) the day falling two Business Days in the city specified in the Final Terms for the 
Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is 
neither Sterling nor euro and if the relevant Reference Rate is not SONIA or (iv) (where SONIA is 
specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms) the fifth London Business Day (or as 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms) prior to the last day of each Interest Accrual Period.  
“Interest Payment Date” means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on 
(and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Payment Date. 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date or such other date(s) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc., as may be supplemented or amended as at the Issue Date.

--- Page 49 ---
A50482058 
49 
 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes and that 
is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone 
office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market or, if otherwise, the principal offices of 
five major banks in the Relevant Inter-Bank Market, in each case selected by the Calculation Agent or 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or any Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate). 
“Relevant Inter-Bank Market” means such inter-bank market as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate, as applicable: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate, as applicable, relates, 
or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate, as applicable; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate, as 
applicable, relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate, as applicable, (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability 
Board or any part thereof. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (or any successor or replacement 
page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information service).  
“Relevant Screen Page Time” means such time as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (or 
any successor or replacement page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information 
service). 
“RMB Note” means a Note denominated in Renminbi.  
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. If, following a Benchmark Event, more 
than one successor or replacement rates are recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, the 
Independent Adviser will determine, among those successor or replacement rates, the one which is the 
most appropriate, taking into consideration, without limitation, the particular features of the relevant 
Notes and the nature of the Issuer.

--- Page 50 ---
A50482058 
50 
 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount 
from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if 
applicable, the Broken Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken Amount will be payable on 
the particular Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Notes: 
(iii) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note and Inflation Linked Note bears interest on its 
outstanding nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear 
(except as otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms) on each Interest Payment Date. Such 
Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest 
Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Final 
Terms, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other 
period shown in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a 
day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the 
Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such 
date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each 
subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would 
have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, 
such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, where the applicable Final Terms specifies that the relevant 
Business Day Convention is to be applied on an “unadjusted” basis, the Interest Amount 
payable on any date shall not be affected by the application of the Business Day Convention. 
(v) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and the provisions below relating to either ISDA Determination or Screen Rate 
Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes: 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the 
relevant ISDA Rate. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an 
Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined

--- Page 51 ---
A50482058 
51 
 
by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(b) 
the designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(c) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Floating Rate Option”, “designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap 
Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes: 
(a) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(i) 
the offered quotation or 
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears 
or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at either (i) 11.00 
a.m. (Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR) or (ii) if otherwise, the Relevant 
Screen Page Time on the Interest Determination Date in question as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are available 
on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such 
highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more 
than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded 
by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of 
such offered quotations. 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being other than EURIBOR, the Rate of 
Interest in respect of such Notes will be determined as provided in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
(b) 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if sub-paragraph (a)(i) applies and 
no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page or if sub-
paragraph (a)(ii) applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear on 
the Relevant Screen Page, subject as provided below, the Calculation Agent shall 
request, (i) if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of 
each of the Reference Banks or, (ii) if otherwise, each of the Reference Banks, to 
provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) or, if otherwise, at the 
Relevant Screen Page Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two 
or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered 
quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic 
mean of such offered quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent; and

--- Page 52 ---
A50482058 
52 
 
(c) 
If paragraph (b) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer 
than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided 
below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the 
Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which 
such banks were offered, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) or (ii) if otherwise, the Relevant Screen Page Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by 
leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market or, if otherwise, the Relevant Inter-Bank Market, as the case may be, or, if 
fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such 
offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the 
arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at 
which, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels 
time) or, if otherwise, at the Relevant Screen Page Time, on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the 
opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it 
is quoting to leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro zone 
inter-bank market or, if otherwise, the Relevant Inter-Bank Market, as the case 
may be, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance 
with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to 
the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period). 
(d) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate 
in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being €STR, the €STR rate of 
interest determination method, as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the 
“€STR Rate of Interest Determination”), in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined could be either €STR Lookback Compound or €STR Shift Compound 
as follows: 
(x) 
if €STR Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, 
subject as provided below, be €STR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus 
or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any); or  
(y) 
if €STR Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject 
as provided below, be €STR-SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as 
indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any);

--- Page 53 ---
A50482058 
53 
 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(d): 
“€STR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as the 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) which will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other independent party with appropriate expertise 
and international repute responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
Where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period; 
“d0” is the number of TARGET Business Days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“€STRi-pTBD” means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day falling 
in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, the €STR for the TARGET 
Business Day falling “p” TARGET Business Days prior to the relevant 
TARGET Business Day “i”; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant TARGET Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first TARGET Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period to, and including, the last TARGET Business Day in 
such Interest Accrual Period; 
“ni” for any TARGET Business Day “i” is the number of calendar days 
from, and including, the relevant TARGET Business Day “i” up to, but 
excluding, the immediately following TARGET Business Day in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period;  
“Observation Look-Back Period” means the period specified in the 
Final Terms; and 
“p” means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of 
TARGET Business Days included in the Observation Look-Back 
Period. 
“€STR-SHIFT-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily compounded 
interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as the reference rate for 
the calculation of interest) which will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or 
such other independent party with appropriate expertise and international repute 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest fifth decimal

--- Page 54 ---
A50482058 
54 
 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
(∏(1 + €STR𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) × 360
𝑑 
Where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“d0” for any Observation Period, means the number of TARGET 
Business Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“€STRi” means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day falling in the 
relevant Observation Period, the €STR in respect of that TARGET 
Business Day “i”; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant TARGET Business Day in chronological order from (and 
including) the first TARGET Business Day in the relevant Observation 
Period to, and including, the last TARGET Business Day in such 
Interest Accrual Period; 
“ni” for any TARGET Business Day “i” in the relevant Observation 
Period, means the number of calendar days from (and including) such 
day “i” up to (but excluding) the following TARGET Business Day 
(“i+1”); 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual 
Period, the period from (and including) the date falling a number of 
TARGET Business Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding 
the first day of such Interest Accrual Period to (but excluding) the date 
falling a number of TARGET Business Days equal to the Observation 
Shift Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Accrual Period; and 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of TARGET Business 
Days specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular TARGET 
Business Day and no €STR Index Cessation Event (as defined below) has 
occurred, the €STR for such TARGET Business Day shall be the rate equal to 
€STR in respect of the last TARGET Business Day for which such rate was 
published on the Website of the European Central Bank (as defined below). 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular TARGET 
Business Day and both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date have occurred, then the rate of €STR for each relevant 
TARGET Business Day occurring on or after such €STR Index Cessation 
Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR were to the ECB 
Recommended Rate. 
If no ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended before the end of the first 
TARGET Business Day following the date on which the €STR Index Cessation

--- Page 55 ---
A50482058 
55 
 
Event occurs, then the rate of €STR for each relevant TARGET Business Day 
occurring on or after the €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined 
as if references to €STR were references to the Modified EDFR.  
If an ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended and both an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event and an ECB Recommended Rate 
Index Cessation Effective Date subsequently occur, then the rate of €STR for 
each relevant TARGET Business Day occurring on or after that ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if 
references to €STR were references to the Modified EDFR.  
Any substitution of the €STR, as specified above (the “€STR Replacement 
Rate”), will remain effective for the remaining term to maturity of the Notes and 
shall be notified by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
15. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other independent party 
with appropriate expertise and international repute responsible for the calculation 
of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms), (i) the Rate of 
Interest shall be that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date, (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the Rate of 
Interest shall be determined as if the rate of €STR for each relevant TARGET 
Business Day occurring on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date 
were references to the latest published ECB Recommended Rate or, if EDFR is 
published on a later date than the latest published ECB Recommended Rate, the 
Modified EDFR; or (iii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date 
and there is no published ECB Recommended Rate or Modified EDFR available, 
as if the rate of €STR for each relevant TARGET Business Day on or after such 
€STR Index Cessation Effective Date were references to the latest published 
€STR (though, in each case, substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Accrual Period, the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period in place of the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, the final 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination 
Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which 
such Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, 
for so long as any such Notes remains outstanding, be that determined on such 
date. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Calculation 
Agent (or such other independent party with appropriate expertise and 
international repute responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) pursuant to this Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(d), 
including any determination with respect to a rate or adjustment or of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision

--- Page 56 ---
A50482058 
56 
 
to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, (i) will be conclusive 
and binding absent manifest error, (ii) will be made in the Calculation Agent's (or 
such other independent party with appropriate expertise and international repute 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) sole discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercial and 
reasonable manner, and (iii) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 
documentation relating to the Notes, shall become effective without consent from 
the holders of the Notes or any other party. 
Notwithstanding any provision of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(d), if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other independent party with appropriate expertise 
and international repute responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), no €STR Replacement Rate will be 
adopted by the Calculation Agent (or such other independent party with 
appropriate expertise and international repute responsible for the calculation of 
the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms), and the €STR 
Replacement Rate for the relevant Interest Accrual Period will be equal to the last 
€STR available, as determined by the Calculation Agent (or such other 
independent party with appropriate expertise and international repute responsible 
for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms). 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(d): 
“ECB Recommended Rate” means a rate (inclusive of any spreads or 
adjustments) recommended as the replacement for €STR by the European Central 
Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) and/or by a committee officially 
endorsed or convened by the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR) for the purpose of recommending a replacement for €STR 
(which rate may be produced by the European Central Bank or another 
administrator), as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the 
Calculation Agent (or such other independent party with appropriate expertise 
and international repute responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms); 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of 
one or more of the following events, as determined by the Issuer and notified by 
the Issuer to the Calculation Agent (or such other independent party with 
appropriate expertise and international repute responsible for the calculation of 
the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms): 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on 
behalf of the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate 
announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the 
ECB Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the statement or the publication, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the ECB Recommended Rate; or 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the

--- Page 57 ---
A50482058 
57 
 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate, the central bank for the currency of the 
ECB Recommended Rate, an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB Recommended 
Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate or a court or 
an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over 
the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, which 
states that the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate 
has ceased or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended 
Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of 
the statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate; 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect 
of an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date on which the 
ECB Recommended Rate is no longer provided, as determined by the Issuer and 
notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent (or such other independent party 
with appropriate expertise and international repute responsible for the calculation 
of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms); 
“ECB €STR Guideline” means Guideline (EU) No. 2019/1265 of the European 
Central Bank of 10 July 2019 on the euro short-term rate (€STR) (ECB/2019/19), 
as amended from time to time; 
“EDFR” means the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the deposit 
facility, which banks may use to make overnight deposits with the Eurosystem 
(comprising the European Central Bank and the national central banks of those 
countries that have adopted the Euro) as published on the Website of the 
European Central Bank; 
“EDFR Spread” means: 
(1) 
if no ECB Recommended Rate is recommended before the 
end of the first TARGET Business Day following the €STR 
Index Cessation Effective Date, the arithmetic mean of the 
daily difference between the €STR and the EDFR for each of 
the thirty (30) TARGET Business Days immediately 
preceding the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event 
occurred; or 
(2) 
if an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurs, 
the arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the ECB 
Recommended Rate and the EDFR for each of the thirty (30) 
TARGET Business Days immediately preceding the date on 
which the ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event 
occurred; 
“€STR” means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day, the interest rate 
representing the wholesale Euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of banks 
located in the Euro area provided by the European Central Bank as administrator

--- Page 58 ---
A50482058 
58 
 
of such rate (or any successor administrator) and published on the Website of the 
European Central Bank (as defined below) at or before 9:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time) 
(or, in case a revised euro short-term rate is published as provided in Article 4 
subsection 3 of the ECB €STR Guideline at or before 11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time), 
such revised interest rate) on the TARGET Business Day immediately following 
such TARGET Business Day; 
“€STR Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the 
Calculation Agent (or such other independent party with appropriate expertise 
and international repute responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms): 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on 
behalf of the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR) announcing that it has ceased or will 
cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at the time of the statement or the publication, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
€STR; or 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of €STR, the 
central bank for the currency of €STR, an insolvency official 
with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR, a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR or 
a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator of €STR, which states that 
the administrator of €STR has ceased or will cease to provide 
€STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time 
of the statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide €STR; 
“€STR Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of an €STR Index 
Cessation Event, the first date on which €STR is no longer provided by the 
European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR), as determined 
by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent (or such other 
independent party with appropriate expertise and international repute responsible 
for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms); 
 “Modified EDFR” means a reference rate equal to the EDFR plus the EDFR 
Spread; 
 “Website of the European Central Bank” means the website of the European 
Central Bank currently at http://www.ecb.europa.eu or any successor website 
officially designated by the European Central Bank.  
(e) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate 
in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being the SARON, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be the rate of return of a daily

--- Page 59 ---
A50482058 
59 
 
compound interest investment (with the overnight interest rate of the secured 
funding market for Swiss franc as the reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other independent 
party with appropriate expertise and international repute responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will 
be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards:  
 
(∏(1 + SARON𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) × 360
𝑑 
Where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation 
Period; 
“d0” for any Observation Period, means the number of Zurich Banking 
Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant Zurich Banking Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first Zurich Banking Day in the relevant Observation 
Period to, and including, the last Zurich Banking Day in such Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“ni” for any Zurich Banking Day “i” in the relevant Observation Period, 
means the number of calendar days from, and including, such day “i” up 
to, but excluding, the following Zurich Banking Day (“i+1”); 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual 
Period, the period from, and including, the date falling a number of 
Zurich Banking Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the 
first day of such Interest Accrual Period to, but excluding, the date 
falling a number of Zurich Banking Days equal to the Observation Shift 
Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual 
Period; 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of Zurich Banking Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“SARON” means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight for such Zurich Banking Day published by the 
Administrator of SARON on the SARON Screen Page (as defined 
below) at the Relevant Screen Page Time on such Zurich Banking Day; 
and 
“SARONi” for any Zurich Banking Day “i” in the relevant Observation 
Period, is equal to SARON in respect of that day “i”.

--- Page 60 ---
A50482058 
60 
 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, the final 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination 
Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which the 
Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on the Notes shall, for so 
long as the Notes remain outstanding, be that determined on such date.  
If the SARON is not published on the Relevant Screen Page (the “SARON 
Screen Page”) at the Relevant Screen Page Time on the relevant Zurich Banking 
Day and no SARON Index Cessation Event and no SARON Index Cessation 
Effective Date have occurred on or prior to the Relevant Screen Page Time on the 
relevant Zurich Banking Day, the SARON for such Zurich Banking Day shall be 
the rate equal to the Swiss Average Rate Overnight published by the SARON 
Administrator on the SARON Administrator Website for the last preceding 
Zurich Banking Day on which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight was published 
by the SARON Administrator on the SARON Administrator Website. 
If the SARON is not published on the SARON Screen Page at the Relevant 
Screen Page Time on the relevant Zurich Banking Day and both a SARON Index 
Cessation Event and a SARON Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred on 
or prior to the Relevant Screen Page Time on the relevant Zurich Banking Day: 
(i) 
if there is a SARON Recommended Replacement Rate within one Zurich 
Banking Day of the SARON Index Cessation Effective Date, the SARON 
shall be the SARON Recommended Replacement Rate for such Zurich 
Banking Day, giving effect to the SARON Recommended Adjustment 
Spread, if any, published on such Zurich Banking Day; or 
(ii) 
if there is no SARON Recommended Replacement Rate within one Zurich 
Banking Day of the SARON Index Cessation Effective Date, the SARON 
shall be the policy rate of the Swiss National Bank (the “SNB Policy 
Rate”) for such Zurich Banking Day, giving effect to the SNB Adjustment 
Spread, if any. 
Any substitution of the SARON by the SARON Recommended Replacement 
Rate or the SNB Policy Rate as specified above (the “SARON Replacement 
Rate”) will remain effective for the remaining term to maturity of the Notes and 
shall be notified by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
15. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(e), if the Rate 
of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions by 
the Calculation Agent (or such other independent party with appropriate expertise 
and international repute responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), no SARON Replacement Rate will be 
adopted by the Calculation Agent, and the SARON Replacement Rate for the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period will be equal to the last SARON available on the 
SARON Screen Page as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
In connection with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(e), the following definitions apply: 
“SARON Administrator” means SIX Swiss Exchange or any successor 
administrator of the Swiss Average Rate Overnight;

--- Page 61 ---
A50482058 
61 
 
“SARON Administrator Website” means the website of the SARON 
Administrator; and 
“SARON Index Cessation Effective Date” means the earliest of: 
(i) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event 
described in paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iii) of the definition thereof, the date 
on which the SARON Administrator ceases to provide the SARON;  
(ii) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event 
described in subparagraph (v) of the definition thereof, the latest of: (i) the 
date of such statement or publication, (ii) the date, if any, specified in such 
statement or publication as the date on which the SARON will no longer 
be representative, and (iii) if a SARON Index Cessation Event described 
either in clause (iv) or (vi) of the definition thereof has occurred on or 
prior to either or both dates specified in subclauses (i) and (ii) of this 
paragraph, the date as of which the SARON may no longer be used; and 
(iii) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event 
described in clauses (iv) and (vi) of the definition thereof, the date as of 
which the SARON may no longer be used;  
“SARON Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events: 
(i) 
the SARON ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business 
Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the SARON Administrator that it has ceased or that 
it will cease publishing the SARON permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that 
will continue publication of the SARON); or  
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the SARON Administrator, that the 
SARON has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the SARON Administrator as a 
consequence of which the SARON will be prohibited from being used 
either generally, or in respect of the Notes; 
(v) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of SARON 
Administrator that the SARON, in the opinion of the supervisor, is no 
longer representative of an underlying market or that its calculation 
method has significantly changed; or 
(vi) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (or 
such other independent party with appropriate expertise and international 
repute responsible for the calculation of the rate of interest, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) or the Issuer to calculate any payments due to be 
made to any Noteholder using the SARON; 
provided that in the case of sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii) and (iv), the SARON Index 
Cessation Event shall occur on the date of the cessation of publication of the

--- Page 62 ---
A50482058 
62 
 
SARON, the discontinuation of the SARON, or the prohibition of use of the 
SARON, as the case may be, and not the date of the relevant public statement. 
“SARON Recommended Adjustment Spread” means, with respect to any 
SARON Recommended Replacement Rate, the spread (which may be positive, 
negative or zero), or formula or methodology for calculating such a spread, 
(i) 
that the SARON Recommending Body has recommended be applied to 
such SARON Recommended Replacement Rate in the case of fixed 
income securities with respect to which such SARON Recommended 
Replacement Rate has replaced the SARON as the reference rate for 
purposes of determining the applicable rate of interest thereon; or 
(ii) 
if the SARON Recommending Body has not recommended such a spread, 
formula or methodology as described in clause a. above, to be applied to 
such SARON Recommended Replacement Rate in order to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable under the circumstances, 
any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders as a 
result of the replacement of the SARON with such SARON 
Recommended Replacement Rate for purposes of determining SARON, 
which spread will be determined by the Calculation Agent (or such other 
independent party with appropriate expertise and international repute 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms), acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable 
manner, and be consistent with industry-accepted practices for fixed 
income securities with respect to which such SARON Recommended 
Replacement Rate has replaced the SARON as the reference rate for 
purposes of determining the applicable rate of interest thereon; 
“SARON Recommended Replacement Rate” means the rate that has been 
recommended as the replacement for the SARON by any working group or 
committee in Switzerland organized in the same or a similar manner as the 
National Working Group on Swiss Franc Reference Rates that was founded in 
2013 for purposes of, among other things, considering proposals to reform 
reference interest rates in Switzerland (any such working group or committee, 
the “SARON Recommending Body”); 
“SIX Swiss Exchange” means SIX Swiss Exchange AG and any successor 
thereto;  
“SNB Adjustment Spread” means, with respect to the SNB Policy Rate, the 
spread to be applied to the SNB Policy Rate in order to reduce or eliminate, to 
the extent reasonably practicable under the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement 
of the Swiss Average Rate Overnight with the SNB Policy Rate for purposes of 
determining SARON, which spread will be determined by the Calculation Agent, 
acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, taking into account 
the historical median between the SARON and the SNB Policy Rate during the 
two year period ending on the date on which the SARON Index Cessation Event 
occurred (or, if more than one SARON Index Cessation Event has occurred, the 
date on which the first of such events occurred); and

--- Page 63 ---
A50482058 
63 
 
“Zurich Banking Day” means a day on which banks are open in the City of 
Zurich for the settlement of payments and of foreign exchange transactions. 
(f) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate 
in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being SOFR Benchmark, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, 
be equal to the relevant SOFR Benchmark plus or minus (as indicated in the Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent (or such 
other independent party with appropriate expertise and international repute 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) on the relevant Interest Determination Date.  
The “SOFR Benchmark” will be determined based on Simple SOFR Average, 
Compounded Daily SOFR or Compounded SOFR Index, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (the “SOFR Rate of Interest Determination”), as follows: 
(x) 
if Simple SOFR Average (“Simple SOFR Average”) is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the SOFR Benchmark will 
be determined, the SOFR Benchmark for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall be the arithmetic mean of the SOFR reference rates for each day 
during the period, as calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other 
independent party with appropriate expertise and international repute 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms), and where the SOFR reference rate on the SOFR 
Rate Cut-Off Date shall be used for the days in the period from (and 
including) the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the Interest 
Period Date. 
(y) 
if Compounded Daily SOFR (“Compounded Daily SOFR”) is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the SOFR 
Benchmark will be determined, the SOFR Benchmark for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be equal to the compounded average of daily SOFR 
reference rates for each day during the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
(where SOFR Lag, SOFR Payment Delay or SOFR Lockout is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Final Terms to determine Compounded 
Daily SOFR) or the SOFR Observation Period (where SOFR 
Observation Shift is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms 
to determine Compounded Daily SOFR). 
Compounded Daily SOFR shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
(or such other independent party with appropriate expertise and 
international repute responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) in accordance with one 
of the formulas referenced below depending upon which is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
SOFR Lag: 
(∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖 −×𝑈𝑆𝐵𝐷 × 𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖 =1
−1) × 360
𝑑

--- Page 64 ---
A50482058 
64 
 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 
with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded upwards and where: 
“SOFRi-xUSBD” for any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day(i) in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, is equal to the 
SOFR reference rate for the U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day falling the number of Lookback Days prior to 
that U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i); 
“Lookback Days” means such number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period; 
“do” means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers ascending from one to 
do, each representing the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day from (and including) the first U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period (each a “U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(i)”); and 
“ni”, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i), 
means the number of calendar days from (and including) 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i) up to (but 
excluding) the following U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day. 
(ii) 
SOFR Observation Shift: 
(∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖  × 𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖 =1
−1) × 360
𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 
with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded upwards and where: 
“SOFRi” for any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day(i) in the relevant SOFR Observation Period, is equal to 
the SOFR reference rate for that U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(i); 
“SOFR Observation Period” means, in respect of an 
Interest Accrual Period, the period from (and including) the 
date falling the number of SOFR Observation Shift Days 
prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period to (but 
excluding) the date falling the number of SOFR Observation

--- Page 65 ---
A50482058 
65 
 
Shift Days prior to the Interest Period Date for such Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“SOFR Observation Shift Days” means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant SOFR 
Observation Period; 
“do” means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant SOFR Observation Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers ascending from one to 
do, representing each U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day from (and including) the first U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the relevant SOFR Observation 
Period (each a “U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day(i)”); and 
“ni”, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i), 
means the number of calendar days from (and including) 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i) up to (but 
excluding) the following U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day. 
(iii) 
SOFR Payment Delay: 
(∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖  × 𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖 =1
−1) × 360
𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 
with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded upwards and where:  
“SOFRi” for any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day(i) in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, is equal to the 
SOFR reference rate for that U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(i); 
“Interest Payment Date” shall be the number of Interest 
Payment Delay Days following each Interest Period Date; 
provided that the Interest Payment Date with respect to the 
final Interest Accrual Period will be the Maturity Date or, if 
the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes prior to the Maturity 
Date, the relevant Optional Redemption Date; 
“Interest Payment Delay Days” means the number of 
Business Days as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period;

--- Page 66 ---
A50482058 
66 
 
“do” means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers ascending from one to 
do, representing each relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day from (and including) the first U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period (each a “U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day(i)”); and 
“ni”, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i), 
means the number of calendar days from (and including) 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i) up to (but 
excluding) the following U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day.  
For the purposes of calculating Compounded Daily SOFR 
with respect to the final Interest Accrual Period where SOFR 
Payment Delay is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
SOFR reference rate for each U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in the period from (and including) the SOFR 
Rate Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or 
the relevant Optional Redemption Date, as applicable, shall 
be the SOFR reference rate in respect of such SOFR Rate 
Cut-Off Date. 
(iv) 
SOFR Lockout: 
(∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖  × 𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖 =1
−1) × 360
𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 
with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded upwards and where:  
“SOFRi” for any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day(i) in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, is equal to the 
SOFR reference rate for that U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(i), except that the SOFR for any U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day(i) in respect of the 
period from (and including) the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to 
(but excluding) the Interest Accrual Period Date for such 
Interest Accrual Period shall be the SOFR reference rate in 
respect of such SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date; 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period; 
“do” means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period;

--- Page 67 ---
A50482058 
67 
 
“i” means a series of whole numbers ascending from one to 
do, representing each relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day from (and including) the first U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period (each a “U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day(i)”); and 
“ni”, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i), 
means the number of calendar days from (and including) such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i) up to (but 
excluding) the following U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day. 
The following defined terms shall have the meanings set out below for purpose of 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(f)(x) and 5(c)(iii)(B)(f)(y): 
“Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page” means the Bloomberg screen 
designated “SOFRRATE” or any successor page or service; 
“Reuters Page USDSOFR=” means the Reuters page designated “USDSOFR=” 
or any successor page or service;  
“SOFR” means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the 
reference rate determined by the Calculation Agent (or such other independent 
party responsible with appropriate expertise and international repute for the 
calculation of the rate of interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) in 
accordance with the following provision: 
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published at the SOFR 
Determination Time as such reference rate is reported on the Bloomberg 
Screen SOFRRATE Page; the Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
published at the SOFR Determination Time as such reference rate is 
reported on the Reuters Page USDSOFR=; or the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate published at the SOFR Determination Time on the SOFR 
Administrator’s Website; 
(ii) 
if the reference rate specified in (i) above does not appear and a SOFR 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Date have not occurred, the SOFR reference rate shall be the 
reference rate published on the SOFR Administrator’s Website for the first 
preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which SOFR was 
published on the SOFR Administrator’s Website; or 
(iii) 
if the reference rate specified in (i) above does not appear and a SOFR 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred, the provisions set forth in Condition 
5(c)(iii)(B)(f)(aa) shall apply; 
“SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date” means the date that is a number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date relating 
to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, the Maturity Date or the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date, as applicable, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and

--- Page 68 ---
A50482058 
68 
 
“SOFR Determination Time” means approximately 3:00 p.m. (New York City 
time) on the immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
(z) 
if Compounded SOFR Index (“Compounded SOFR Index”) is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the SOFR Benchmark for each 
Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the compounded average of daily 
SOFR reference rates for each day during the relevant SOFR Observation 
Period as calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other independent 
party with appropriate expertise and international repute responsible for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) as follows: 
( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) × (360
𝑑𝑐
) 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 per cent. 
being rounded upwards and where: 
“SOFR Index” means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, the SOFR Index value as published on the SOFR 
Administrator’s Website at the SOFR Index Determination Time on such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day, provided that:  
(a) 
if the value specified above does not appear and a SOFR 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Date have not occurred, the “SOFR Index” shall be 
calculated on any Interest Determination Date with respect to an 
Interest Accrual Period, in accordance with the Compounded Daily 
SOFR formula described above in Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(f)(y)(ii) 
“SOFR Observation Shift”, and the term “SOFR Observation Shift 
Days” shall mean 5 U.S. Government Securities Business Days; or 
(b) 
if the value specified above does not appear and a SOFR 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred, the provisions set forth in 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(f)(aa) shall apply; 
“SOFR IndexEnd” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the 
SOFR Index value on the date that is the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms prior to the 
Interest Period Date for such Interest Accrual Period (or in the final 
Interest Accrual Period, the Maturity Date);  
“SOFR IndexStart” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the 
SOFR Index value on the date that is the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms prior to the 
first day of such Interest Accrual Period;  
“SOFR Index Determination Time” means, in respect of a U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day, approximately 3:00 p.m. (New 
York City time) on such U.S. Government Securities Business Day;

--- Page 69 ---
A50482058 
69 
 
“SOFR Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual 
Period, the period from (and including) the date falling the number of 
SOFR Observation Shift Days prior to the first day of such Interest 
Accrual Period to (but excluding) the date falling the number of SOFR 
Observation Shift Days prior to the Interest Period Date for such Interest 
Accrual Period;  
“SOFR Observation Shift Days” means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
“dc” means the number of calendar days in the applicable SOFR 
Observation Period. 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, the final 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination 
Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which the 
Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on the Notes shall, for so 
long as the Notes remain outstanding, be that determined on such date.  
The following defined terms shall have the meanings set out below for purpose of 
this Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(f): 
“Alternate Agent” means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or an independent financial expert with appropriate expertise appointed by 
the Issuer;  
“SOFR Administrator’s Website” means the website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank 
of 
New 
York 
(currently, 
being 
https://www.newyorkfed.org/markets/reference-rates/sofr-averages-and-index), 
or any successor source; 
“SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date” means the Benchmark Replacement 
Date with respect to the then-current Benchmark;  
“SOFR Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of a Benchmark 
Transition Event with respect to the then-current Benchmark; 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a 
Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities.  
(aa) 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(f), if the Calculation Agent 
or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent determines on or prior to the 
relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-
current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-
current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all 
determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent 
dates. 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the 
Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent will have the

--- Page 70 ---
A50482058 
70 
 
right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to 
time.  
If a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred, any determination, decision or election that may be 
made by the Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent 
pursuant to this Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(f), including any determination with 
respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-
occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or 
refrain from taking any action or any selection: (i) will be conclusive and 
binding absent manifest error; (ii) will be made in the sole discretion of 
the Calculation Agent, or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent, acting 
in good faith and in a commercial and reasonable manner; and (iii) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to 
the Notes, shall become effective without consent from the Noteholders or 
any other party. 
Notwithstanding any provision of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(f), if the Rate 
of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other independent party with 
appropriate expertise and international repute responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), no Benchmark Replacement will be adopted by the Calculation 
Agent (or such other independent party with appropriate expertise and 
international repute responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms) and the Benchmark Replacement 
will be SOFR determined as of the U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day immediately preceding the Benchmark Replacement Date.  
The following defined terms shall have the meanings set out below for 
purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(f):  
“Benchmark” means, initially, the relevant SOFR Benchmark specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; provided that if the Calculation Agent or, as the 
case may be, the Alternate Agent determines on or prior to the Reference 
Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the relevant Benchmark 
(including any daily published component used in the calculation thereof) 
or the then-current Benchmark, then “Benchmark” means the applicable 
Benchmark Replacement;  
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or more of 
the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark 
(including any daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of 
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing 
that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component), permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no

--- Page 71 ---
A50482058 
71 
 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark 
(or such component); or 
(ii) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component), the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark (or 
such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark 
(or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency 
or resolution authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, 
which states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component) has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or 
such component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or 
(iii) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that 
the Benchmark is no longer representative or has been or will be 
prohibited from being used or that its use has been or will be subject 
to restrictions or adverse consequences either generally or with 
respect to the Notes; 
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in the 
order below that can be determined by the Calculation Agent or, as the 
case may be, the Alternate Agent as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the sum of:  
(a) the alternate reference rate that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark (including any 
daily published component used in the calculation thereof); and  
(b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(ii) the sum of:  
(a) the ISDA Fallback Rate; and  
(b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or 
(iii) the sum of:  
(a) the alternate reference rate that has been selected by the 
Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent as 
the replacement for the then-current Benchmark (including any 
daily published component used in the calculation thereof) 
giving due consideration to any industry-accepted reference rate 
as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark (including any 
daily published component used in the calculation thereof) for 
U.S. dollar-denominated Floating Rate Notes at such time; and

--- Page 72 ---
A50482058 
72 
 
(b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set 
forth in the order below that can be determined by the Calculation Agent 
or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such 
spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or 
zero) that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant 
Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement; 
(ii) if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent 
to the ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(iii) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or 
zero) that has been selected by the Calculation Agent or, as the case 
may be, the Alternate Agent giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or 
determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-
current Benchmark (including any daily published component used 
in the calculation thereof) with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated Floating Rate Notes at 
such time; 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect 
to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or 
operational changes (including changes to the timing and frequency of 
determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts 
or tenors, and other administrative matters) the Calculation Agent or, as 
the case may be, the Alternate Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect 
the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially 
consistent with market practice (or, if the Calculation Agent or, as the case 
may be, the Alternate Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such 
market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Calculation Agent 
or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent determines that no market 
practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other 
manner as the Calculation Agent (or, as the case may be, the Alternate 
Agent) determines is reasonably necessary acting in good faith and in a 
commercial manner); 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including 
any daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (i) or (ii) of the definition of 
“Benchmark Transition Event”, the later of: 
 
(x) 
 the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein; and

--- Page 73 ---
A50482058 
73 
 
(y) 
the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark 
(or such component); or 
(ii) in the case of sub-paragraph (iii) of the definition of “Benchmark 
Transition Event”, the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the 
Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark 
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference 
Time for such determination; 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor 
thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor 
definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to 
time;  
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may 
be a positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark; 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark 
(including any daily published component used in the calculation thereof) 
for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback 
Adjustment; 
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the Benchmark 
means (1) if the Benchmark is the SOFR Benchmark, the SOFR 
Determination Time (where Simple SOFR Average or Compounded Daily 
SOFR is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms) or SOFR 
Index Determination Time (where Compounded SOFR Index is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Final Terms), or (2) if the Benchmark is not 
the SOFR Benchmark, the time determined by the Calculation Agent or, 
as the case may be, the Alternate Agent after giving effect to the 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes; 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve Board 
and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially 
endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; and 
“Unadjusted 
Benchmark 
Replacement” means the Benchmark 
Replacement excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(g) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate 
in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being SONIA, the SONIA

--- Page 74 ---
A50482058 
74 
 
rate of interest determination method, as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the 
“SONIA Rate of Interest Determination”), in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined could be either SONIA Compounded Index Rate or SONIA 
Compounded Daily Reference Rate as follows:  
(x) 
SONIA Compounded Index Rate 
If SONIA Compounded Index Rate is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, be the 
SONIA Compounded Index Rate as follows, plus or minus (as indicated 
in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(g)(x): 
“SONIA Compounded Index Rate” means with respect to an Interest 
Accrual Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment during the Observation Period corresponding to such Interest 
Accrual Period (with the daily Sterling overnight reference rate as 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent (or such other independent party with appropriate 
expertise and international repute responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the Interest 
Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being 
rounded upwards, 
 
( 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑁𝐷 
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑇𝐴𝑅𝑇
 −1) ×  (365
𝑑) 
 
provided, however, that if the SONIA Compounded Index Value is not 
available in relation to any Interest Accrual Period on the Relevant 
Screen Page for the determination of either or both of SONIA 
Compounded IndexSTART and SONIA Compounded IndexEND, the Rate of 
Interest shall be calculated for such Interest Accrual Period on the basis 
of the SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate as set out in 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(g)(y) as if SONIA Compounded Daily Reference 
Rate with Observation Shift had been specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and the “Relevant Screen Page” shall be deemed to be the 
“Relevant Fallback Screen Page” as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms,  
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation 
Period; 
“London Business Day”, means any day on which commercial banks 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in London;

--- Page 75 ---
A50482058 
75 
 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, 
the period from (and including) the date falling “p” London Business 
Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period (and the first 
Observation Period shall begin on and include the date which is “p” 
London Business Days prior to the Issue Date) and ending on (but 
excluding) the date which is “p” London Business Days prior to the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period (or the date 
falling “p” London Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Notes become due and payable); 
“p” means, for any Interest Accrual Period the whole number specified 
in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is so specified, five 
London Business Days) representing a number of London Business 
Days; 
“SONIA Compounded Index” means the index known as the SONIA 
Compounded Index administered by the Bank of England (or any 
successor administrator thereof); 
“SONIA Compounded IndexSTART” means, in respect of an Interest 
Accrual Period, the SONIA Compounded Index Value on the date falling 
“p” London Business Days prior to (i) the first day of such Interest 
Accrual Period, or (ii) in the case of the first Interest Accrual Period, the 
Issue Date; 
“SONIA Compounded IndexEND” means the SONIA Compounded 
Index Value on the date falling “p” London Business Days prior to (i) in 
respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Accrual Period, or (ii) if the Notes become due and payable prior 
to the end of an Interest Accrual Period, the date on which the Notes 
become so due and payable; and 
“SONIA Compounded Index Value” means in relation to any London 
Business Day, the value of the SONIA Compounded Index as published 
by authorised distributors on the Relevant Screen Page on such London 
Business Day or, if the value of the SONIA Compounded Index cannot 
be obtained from such authorised distributors, as published on the Bank 
of England’s Website at www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ 
(or such other page or website as may replace such page for the purposes 
of publishing the SONIA Compounded Index) on such London Business 
Day. 
(y) 
  SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate 
If SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will be 
the SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate as follows, plus or minus 
(as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any), 
“SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate” means, in respect of an 
Interest Accrual Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment (with the daily Sterling overnight reference rate as reference

--- Page 76 ---
A50482058 
76 
 
rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other independent party with appropriate 
expertise and international repute responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the Interest 
Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being 
rounded upwards, 
 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴i × ni
365
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖 = 1
−1] × 365
𝑑 
Where: 
“London Business Day”, “Observation Period” and “p” have the 
meanings set out under Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(g)(x); 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant: 
(i) 
Observation Period where Observation Shift is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
Interest Accrual Period where Lag is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
“do” is the number of London Business Days in the relevant: 
(i) 
Observation Period where Observation Shift is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
Interest Accrual Period where Lag is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant London Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first London Business Day in the relevant: 
(i) 
Observation Period where Observation Shift is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
Interest Accrual Period where Lag is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
“ni”, for any London Business Day “i”, means the number of calendar 
days from and including such London Business Day “i” up to but 
excluding the following London Business Day; 
“SONIAi” means, in relation to any London Business Day the SONIA 
reference rate in respect of: 
(i) 
that London Business Day “i” where Observation Shift is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
the London Business Day (being a London Business Day falling 
in the relevant Observation Period) falling “p” London Business

--- Page 77 ---
A50482058 
77 
 
Days prior to the relevant London Business Day “i” where Lag is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
the “SONIA reference rate”, in respect of any London Business Day, is 
a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average 
(“SONIA”) rate for such London Business Day as provided by the 
administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published 
on the Relevant Screen Page on the next following London Business 
Day or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as published by 
authorised distributors on such London Business Day or, if SONIA 
cannot be obtained from such authorised distributors, as published on the 
Bank 
of 
England’s 
Website 
at 
www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or such other page or 
website as may replace such page for the purposes of publishing the 
SONIA reference rate). 
(z) 
Where SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final 
Terms and either (i) SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, or (ii) the SONIA Compounded 
Index Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, if, in respect of any 
London Business Day, the SONIA reference rate is not available on the 
Relevant Screen Page or Relevant Fallback Screen Page as applicable, 
(or as otherwise provided in the relevant definition thereof) , such 
Reference Rate shall be:  
1. 
(i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing 
at close of business on the relevant London Business Day; plus (ii) 
the mean of the spread of the SONIA reference rate to the Bank 
Rate over the previous five days on which the SONIA reference 
rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is 
more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) 
and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one 
only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate, or 
2. 
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA reference rate 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or as otherwise provided in 
the relevant definition thereof) for the first preceding London 
Business Day on which the SONIA reference rate was published on 
the Relevant Screen Page (or as otherwise provided in the relevant 
definition thereof), and 
in each case, SONIAi shall be interpreted accordingly. 
(aa) 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions, the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at 
the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate 
of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or

--- Page 78 ---
A50482058 
78 
 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that 
last preceding Interest Accrual Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding 
Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have 
been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first Interest Accrual 
Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Accrual Period but ending on (and excluding) the 
Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the 
first Interest Accrual Period). 
(bb) 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, 
the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the Final Terms, be deemed to be the 
date on which such Notes became due and payable and the Rate of 
Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Note remains 
outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
(h) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate 
in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being TONA, the TONA rate 
of interest determination method, as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(the “TONA Rate of Interest Determination”), in which the Rate of Interest is 
to be determined could be either TONA Lookback Compound or TONA Shift 
Compound as follows: 
(x) 
if TONA Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, 
subject as provided below, be TONA-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus 
or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any); or  
(y) 
if TONA Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject 
as provided below, be TONA-SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as 
indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any); 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(h): 
“TONA-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (it being understood that the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest is the arithmetic mean of the daily rates of the day-to-day 
interbank JPY market in Tokyo) which will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent (or such other independent party with appropriate expertise and 
international repute responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + TONA𝑖−𝑝𝑇𝐵𝐷× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] × 365
𝑑 
Where:

--- Page 79 ---
A50482058 
79 
 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period; 
“d0” is the number of Tokyo Banking Days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period;  
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant Tokyo Banking Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first Tokyo Banking Day in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period to, and including, the last Tokyo Banking Day in such Interest 
Accrual Period;  
“ni” means, for any Tokyo Banking Day “i”, the number of calendar 
days from, and including, such Tokyo Banking Day “i” up to but 
excluding the following Tokyo Banking Day (“i+1”);  
“Observation Look-Back Period” is as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“p” means, in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of 
Tokyo Banking Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period; 
 “TONAi-pTBD”, means for any Tokyo Banking Day “i” falling in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, the TONA in respect of the Tokyo 
Banking Day falling “p” Tokyo Banking Days prior to the relevant 
Tokyo Banking Day “i”.  
“TONA-SHIFT-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily compounded 
interest investment (it being understood that the reference rate for the calculation 
of interest is the arithmetic mean of the daily rates of the day-to-day interbank 
JPY market in Tokyo) which will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such 
other independent party with appropriate expertise and international repute 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
(∏(1 + 𝑇𝑂𝑁𝐴𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) × 365
𝑑 
Where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“d0” for any Observation Period, means the number of Tokyo Banking 
Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“TONAi” means, in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day falling in the 
relevant Observation Period, the TONA in respect of that Tokyo 
Banking Day “i”; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant Tokyo Banking Day in chronological order from (and 
including) the first Tokyo Banking Day in the relevant Observation

--- Page 80 ---
A50482058 
80 
 
Period to, and including, the last Tokyo Banking Day in such Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“ni” for any Tokyo Banking Day “i” in the relevant Observation Period, 
means the number of calendar days from (and including) such day “i” 
up to (but excluding) the following Tokyo Banking Day (“i+1”); 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual 
Period, the period from (and including) the date falling a number of 
Tokyo Banking Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the 
first day of such Interest Accrual Period to (but excluding) the date 
falling a number of Tokyo Banking Days equal to the Observation Shift 
Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual 
Period; 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of Tokyo Banking Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If, in respect of a relevant Tokyo Banking Day, the Calculation Agent (or such 
other independent party with appropriate expertise and international repute 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) determines that the TONA is not available on the Relevant Screen 
Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, 
such TONA shall be the TONA in respect of the first preceding Tokyo Banking 
Day for which the TONA was published by the Bank of Japan or such authorised 
distributors. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other independent party 
with appropriate expertise and international repute responsible for the calculation 
of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms), the Rate of 
Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest 
or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest 
Accrual Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, 
the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such Notes for 
the first Interest Accrual Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in 
duration to the scheduled first Interest Accrual Period but ending on, and 
excluding, the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first 
Interest Accrual Period). 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, the final 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination 
Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which 
such Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall,

--- Page 81 ---
A50482058 
81 
 
for so long as any such Notes remains outstanding, be that determined on such 
date. 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(h): 
“Tokyo Banking Day” or “TBD” means any day on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in Tokyo; 
“TONA” means, in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day, is a reference rate equal 
to the daily Tokyo Over Night Average rate in respect of such Tokyo Banking 
Day as published by the Bank of Japan on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the 
Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised 
distributors, on the Tokyo Banking Day immediately following such Tokyo 
Banking Day. 
  
(i) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference 
Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being CMS Rate, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, 
be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula:  
CMS Rate + Margin 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available at the Specified Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date: (i) the Calculation Agent shall request each of the 
CMS Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation for the 
Relevant Swap Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; (ii) if at least four of the CMS Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such quotations, the CMS Rate for such Interest Accrual 
Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such quotations, eliminating the highest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest quotations and the 
lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest quotations) and 
(iii) if on any Interest Determination Date less than three or none of the CMS 
Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with such quotations as 
provided in the preceding paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent on such commercial basis as considered appropriate by the 
Calculation Agent in its absolute discretion, in accordance with the then 
prevailing standard market practice.  
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (i): 
“CMS Rate” shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the 
Reference Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a 
percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Specified Time 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date in question, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
“CMS Reference Banks” means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the 
principal office of five leading swap dealers in the inter-bank market, (ii) where 
the Reference Currency is Sterling, the principal London office of five leading 
swap dealers in the London inter-bank market, (iii) where the Reference Currency 
is US Dollars, the principal New York City office of five leading swap dealers in

--- Page 82 ---
A50482058 
82 
 
the New York City inter-bank market, or (iv) in the case of any other Reference 
Currency, the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of five leading swap 
dealers in the Relevant Financial Centre inter-bank market, in each case selected 
by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer.  
“Reference Currency” means the currency specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
“Relevant Financial Centre” means, with respect to a Reference Currency, the 
financial centre specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Designated Maturity”, “Margin”, “Specified Time” and “Relevant Screen 
Page” shall have the meaning given to those terms in the applicable Final Terms.  
“Relevant Swap Rate” means:  
(i) 
where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap 
rate determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and 
offered rates for the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day 
count basis, of a fixed-for-floating euro interest rate swap transaction 
with a term equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the 
first day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and in a 
Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit 
in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated on 
an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to EUR-EURIBOR-
Reuters (as defined in the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as 
amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes (the “ISDA Definitions”)) with a designated maturity 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the then 
prevailing standard market practice or the ISDA Definitions; 
(ii) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency or if the Final 
Terms specify otherwise, the mid-market swap rate as determined in 
accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
“Representative Amount” means an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
(C) 
Benchmark discontinuation 
(a) 
Independent Adviser 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and if a Benchmark Event occurs in 
relation to an Original Reference Rate (other than €STR, SARON, SOFR Benchmark, 
SONIA and TONA) when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains 
to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in 
accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(b)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if

--- Page 83 ---
A50482058 
83 
 
any (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(c)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in 
accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(d)). 
In making such determination, the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) shall act in good faith in a commercially reasonable manner as an 
independent expert and in consultation with the Issuer. The Issuer will not take any 
discretionary decision on the basis of such consultation. In the absence of bad faith, 
manifest error or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the 
Issuer, the Paying Agents, or the Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the Couponholders 
for any determination made by it, pursuant to this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C).  
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent 
Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(a) prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding 
Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the 
Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period. If there has not been a 
first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the initial Rate of Interest. 
Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to 
the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, 
the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period. For the avoidance of doubt, this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(a) shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Period only 
and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to 
adjustment as provided in, this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(a). 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser, determines that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(c)) subsequently be used in 
place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the 
Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)); or 
(ii) there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(c)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate 
to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for 
all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)).  
(c) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser, determines (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then 
such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be).

--- Page 84 ---
A50482058 
84 
 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment 
Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) and the Independent 
Adviser, determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the 
applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and 
(ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving 
notice thereof in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(e), without any requirement for 
the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice.  
For the avoidance of doubt, and in connection with any such variation in accordance 
with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(d), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock 
exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(e) 
Notices 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) will be notified 
promptly by the Issuer, after receiving such information from the Independent Adviser, 
to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, the Representative of the 
Masse and, in accordance with Condition 15, the Noteholders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
No later than notifying the Noteholders and the Representative of the Masse of the same, 
the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents 
a certificate signed by an authorised signatory of the Issuer and the Independent Adviser: 
(i) 
confirming, on the basis of the determination of the Independent Adviser (i) 
that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, as the case 
may be, the Alternative Rate, (iii) where applicable, any Adjustment Spread 
and (iv) the specific terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), in each 
case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C); and 
(ii) certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure 
the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either 
case) the applicable Adjustment Spread. 
The Fiscal Agent shall display such certificate at its offices, for inspection by the 
Noteholders at all reasonable times during normal business hours. 
Each of the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents shall be entitled 
to rely on such certificate (without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of 
manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and 
without prejudice to the Fiscal Agent’s, the Calculation Agent’s or the Paying Agents’ 
ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, 
the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agent and the Noteholders.

--- Page 85 ---
A50482058 
85 
 
(f) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) (a), (b), 
(c) and (d), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(B) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has 
occurred. 
(g) 
New Benchmark Event in respect of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If 
Benchmark 
Amendments 
have 
been 
implemented 
pursuant 
to 
this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) and a new Benchmark Event occurs in respect of the then 
applicable 
Successor 
Rate 
or 
Alternative 
Rate, 
the 
provisions 
of 
this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) shall apply as if the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate were the 
Original Reference Rate. 
(vi) 
Rate of Interest for Inflation Linked Notes:  
1. 
Consumer Price Index (CPI) 
Where the consumer price index excluding tobacco for all households in metropolitan France, 
as calculated and published by the Institut National de la Statistique et des Etudes Economiques 
(the “INSEE”) (“CPI”) is specified as the Index in the relevant Final Terms, this 
Condition 5(c)(iv)(1) shall apply. Terms defined herein shall have the meanings set out below 
only when this Condition 5(c)(iv)(1) shall apply. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the CPI (the “CPI Linked 
Interest”) will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(A) 
On the fifth Business Day before each Interest Payment Date (an “Interest 
Determination Date”) the Calculation Agent will calculate the Inflation Index Ratio. 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iv)(1), the “Inflation Index Ratio” or “IIR” is 
the ratio between (i) the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined below) 
applicable upon any Interest Payment Date or the redemption date, as the case may be 
and (ii) the base reference defined as the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined 
below) applicable on the date specified in the applicable Final Terms (the “Base 
Reference”). Notwithstanding Condition 5(g)(iii), the IIR will be rounded if necessary 
to five significant figures (with halves being rounded up). 
“CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index” means (A) in relation to the first day of any 
given month, the CPI Monthly Reference Index of the third month preceding such 
month, and (B) in relation to a day (D) (other than the first day) in any given month (M), 
the linear interpolation of the CPI Monthly Reference Index pertaining respectively to 
the third month preceding such month (M - 3) and the second month preceding such 
month (M - 2) calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index= 
CPI Monthly Reference Index M-3 + 
D-1 x (CPI Monthly Reference IndexM-2 - CPI Monthly Reference IndexM-3) 
NDM 
 
With: 
“NDM:” number of days in the relevant month M and, in the case of payment of 
principal and interest, shall be equal to 31;

--- Page 86 ---
A50482058 
86 
 
“D”: actual day of payment in the relevant month M and, in the case of payment of 
principal and interest, shall be equal to 25; 
“CPI Monthly Reference Index M-2”: price index of month M - 2; 
“CPI Monthly Reference Index M-3”: price index of month M - 3. 
Notwithstanding Condition 5(g)(iii), the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index will be 
rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with halves being rounded up). 
For information purposes, such CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index appears on the 
Agence France Trésor Reuters page OATINFLATION01 or on Bloomberg TRESOR 
<GO> pages and on the website www.aft.gouv.fr. In the case of doubt in the 
interpretation of the methods used to calculate the Inflation Index Ratio, such methods 
shall be interpreted by reference to the procedures selected by the French Treasury 
(Trésor) for its obligations assimilables du Trésor indexées sur l'inflation. 
“CPI Monthly Reference Index” refers to the definitive consumer price index 
excluding tobacco for all households in metropolitan France, as calculated and published 
monthly by the INSEE as such index may be adjusted or replaced from time to time as 
provided herein. 
(B) 
The calculation method described below is based on the recommendation issued by the 
French Bond Association (Comité de Normalisation Obligataire – www.cnofrance.org) 
in its July 2011 Paper entitled "Inflation-linked bonds". In the case of any conflict 
between the calculation method provided below and the calculation method provided by 
the Bond Association (Comité de Normalisation Obligataire), the calculation method 
provided by the Bond Association (Comité de Normalisation Obligataire) shall prevail. 
The CPI Linked Interest applicable from time to time for each Interest Period (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) will be equal to the rate per annum specified in the 
relevant Final Terms multiplied by the Inflation Index Ratio (as defined above). 
(C) 
 
(1) 
If the CPI Monthly Reference Index is not published in a timely manner, a 
substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index (the “Substitute CPI Monthly 
Reference Index”) shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following provisions: 
(x) ff a provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index (indice provisoire) has already 
been published, such index shall automatically be used as the Substitute CPI 
Monthly Reference Index. Such provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index 
would be published under the heading "indice de substitution". Once the 
definitive CPI Monthly Reference Index is released, it would automatically 
apply from the day following its release to all calculations taking place from 
this date. 
(y) If no provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index is available, a substitute 
index shall be calculated on the basis of the most recently published figure 
adjusted as set out in the following formula: 
Substitute CPI Monthly Reference IndexM=

--- Page 87 ---
A50482058 
87 
 
 
 
 
1 
CPI Monthly Reference Index M-1 
x 
CPI Monthly Reference Index M-1 
12 
CPI Monthly Reference Index M-13 
 
 
(2) 
In the event INSEE decides to proceed with one or more base changes for the 
purpose of calculating the CPI Monthly Reference Index, the two CPI Monthly 
Reference Indexes which have been calculated on a different basis will be chained 
on the basis of the December CPI Monthly Reference Index of the last year of 
joint publications, which corresponds to the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index 
for 1st March of the following year. Such chaining will be carried out in 
accordance with the following equation: 
Key = 
CPI Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December calculated on the new basis 
CPI Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December calculated on the previous basis 
 
Such that: 
CPI Monthly Reference Index 
Date D 
= CPI Monthly Reference Index 
Date D 
X Key 
New Basis 
Previous Basis 
 
2. 
Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices (HICP) 
Where the harmonised index of consumer prices excluding tobacco measuring the rate of 
inflation in the European Monetary Union excluding tobacco as calculated and published 
monthly by Eurostat (the “HICP”) is specified as the Index in the relevant Final Terms, this 
Condition 5(c)(iv)(2) shall apply. Terms defined herein shall have the meanings set out below 
only when this Condition 5(c)(iv)(2) shall apply. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the HICP (the “HICP 
Linked Interest”) will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(A) 
On the fifth Business Day before each Interest Payment Date (an “Interest 
Determination Date”) the Calculation Agent will calculate the Inflation Index Ratio. 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iv)(2), the “Inflation Index Ratio” or “IIR” is 
the ratio between (i) the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined below) 
applicable upon any Interest Payment Date or the redemption date, as the case may be 
and (ii) the base reference defined as the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index (as 
defined below) applicable on the date specified in the applicable Final Terms (the “Base 
Reference”). Notwithstanding Condition 5(g)(iii), the IIR will be rounded if necessary 
to five significant figures (with halves being rounded up). 
“HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index” means (A) in relation to the first day of any 
given month, the HICP Monthly Reference Index of the third month preceding such 
month, and (B) in relation to a day (D) (other than the first day) in any given month (M), 
the linear interpolation of the HICP Monthly Reference Index pertaining respectively to 
the third month preceding such month (M - 3) and the second month preceding such 
month (M - 2) calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index = 
HICP Monthly Reference IndexM-3+ 
D-1 
X (HICP Monthly Reference IndexM-2-HICP Monthly Reference Index M-3) 
NDM 
 
With:

--- Page 88 ---
A50482058 
88 
 
“NDM:” number of days in the relevant month M and, in the case of payment of 
principal and interest, shall be equal to 31; 
“D”: actual day of payment in the relevant month M and, in the case of payment of 
principal and interest, shall be equal to 25; 
“HICP Monthly Reference Index M-2”: price index of month M - 2; 
“HICP Monthly Reference Index M-3”: price index of month M - 3. 
Notwithstanding Condition 5(g)(iii), the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index will be 
rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with halves being rounded up). 
For information purposes, such HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index appears on the 
Agence France Trésor Reuters page OATEI01, on the website www.aft.gouv.fr. and on 
Bloomberg page TRESOR. 
“HICP Monthly Reference Index” refers to the harmonised index of consumer prices 
excluding tobacco measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union 
excluding tobacco as calculated and published by Eurostat as such index may be 
adjusted or replaced from time to time as provided herein. 
(B) 
The HICP Linked Interest applicable from time to time for each Interest Period (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) will be equal to the rate per annum specified in the 
relevant Final Terms multiplied by the Inflation Index Ratio (as defined above). 
(C) 
 
(1) 
If the HICP Monthly Reference Index is not published in a timely manner, 
a substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index (the “Substitute HICP 
Monthly Reference Index”) shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following provisions: 
(x) if a provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index has already been 
published by Eurostat, such index shall automatically be used as the 
Substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index. Once the definitive HICP 
Monthly Reference Index is released, it would automatically apply 
from the day following its release to all calculations taking place 
from this date. 
(y) If no provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index is available, a 
substitute index shall be calculated on the basis of the most recently 
published figure adjusted as set out in the following formula: 
Substitute HICP Monthly Reference IndexM = 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1 
HICP Monthly Reference Index M-1 
x 
HICP Monthly Reference Index M-1 
12 
HICP Monthly Reference Index M-13 
 
 
(2) 
In the event Eurostat decides to proceed with one or more base changes 
for the purpose of calculating the HICP Monthly Reference Index, the two 
HICP Monthly Reference Indexes which have been calculated on a 
different basis will be chained on the basis of the December HICP 
Monthly Reference Index of the last year of joint publications, which

--- Page 89 ---
A50482058 
89 
 
corresponds to the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index for 1st March of 
the following year. Such chaining will be carried out in accordance with 
the following equation: 
Key = 
HICP Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December calculated on the new basis 
HICP Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December calculated on the previous basis 
 
Such that: 
HICP Monthly Reference Index 
Date D 
= HICP Monthly Reference Index 
Date D 
X Key 
New Basis 
Previous Basis 
 
(d) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer 
may elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or 
from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) that will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a 
Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate on the date set out in the Final Terms. 
(e) 
Zero Coupon Notes: Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is 
repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the 
Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the 
Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 6(i)(i)). 
(f) 
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless 
(i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on such due date or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, upon 
due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to 
accrue (as well after as before judgement) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this 
Condition 5 to the Relevant Date. 
(g) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption Amounts, 
and Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to 
one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in 
the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of 
(y), calculated in accordance with (c) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the 
absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin, subject always to the next paragraph.  
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or 
Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. In no 
event shall the applicable rate of interest (including, for the sake of clarity, any applicable 
margin) be less than zero. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions, (x) all percentages 
resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be 
rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency 
amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with 
halves being rounded up), save in the case of Yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest 
Yen. For these purposes “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as 
legal tender in the country(ies) of such currency.

--- Page 90 ---
A50482058 
90 
 
(h) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be calculated 
by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal amount of such Note by 
the Day Count Fraction, unless an Interest Amount is specified in respect of such period, in which case 
the amount of interest payable in respect of such Note for such period shall equal such Interest 
Amount. Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of 
interest payable in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the amounts of interest payable in 
respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. 
(i) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts and Instalment Amounts: 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent may be 
required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or 
calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts in respect of each Specified 
Denomination of the Notes for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption 
Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount, obtain such 
quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest 
and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, 
if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount or any Instalment Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of 
the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that 
is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed and 
admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of such Regulated Market so require, such 
exchange as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement 
of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such 
exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day 
after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to 
adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(c)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so 
published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period.  
If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 9, the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest 
payable in respect of the Notes shall, subject in the case of (i) €STR to Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(d), (ii) 
SARON to Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(e), (iii) SOFR Benchmark to Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(f), (iv) SONIA to 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(g) and (v) TONA to Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(h), nevertheless continue to be 
calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest or 
the Interest Amount so calculated need be made. The determination of any rate or amount, the 
obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation 
Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties.  
(j) 
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation 
Agents if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is 
outstanding (as defined in Condition 4). Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in 
respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each 
Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is 
unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest 
for an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Instalment 
Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as 
the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or 
investment banking firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-
counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to

--- Page 91 ---
A50482058 
91 
 
be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal Paris office or any other office actively 
involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties 
without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
(k) 
RMB Notes: Notwithstanding the foregoing, each RMB Note which is a Fixed Rate Note bears 
interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum equal to the Rate 
of Interest. For the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, if any Interest Payment Date would 
otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, it shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month in which case it shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. Interest will be payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date. 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on each Interest 
Determination Date, calculate the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination for the 
relevant Interest Period. The determination of the amount of interest payable per Specified 
Denomination by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error and after confirmation 
by the Issuer) be final and binding upon all parties. 
The Calculation Agent will cause the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination for each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to each of the Paying Agents and 
to be notified to Noteholders as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the 
fourth Business Day thereafter. The amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination and 
Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an adjustment of the Interest 
Period if the Interest Payment Date is not a Business Day. If the Notes become due and payable under 
Condition 9, the accrued interest per Specified Denomination shall nevertheless continue to be 
calculated as previously by the Calculation Agent in accordance with this provision but no publication 
of the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination so calculated need be made. 
Interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to the Specified 
Denomination, multiplying such product by the actual number of days in the relevant Interest Period 
or, as applicable, other period concerned and dividing it by 365, and rounding the resultant figure to 
the nearest Renminbi sub-unit, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention. 
6 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each 
Note shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms at its Final 
Redemption Amount (which, unless otherwise provided, is its nominal amount) or, in the case of a 
Note falling within Condition 6(b) below, its final Instalment Amount. 
(b) 
Redemption by Instalments: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided in 
this Condition 6, each Note that provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts shall be 
partially redeemed on each Instalment Date at the related Instalment Amount specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. The outstanding nominal amount of each such Note shall be reduced by the Instalment 
Amount (or, if such Instalment Amount is calculated by reference to a proportion of the nominal 
amount of such Note, such proportion) for all purposes with effect from the related Instalment Date, 
unless payment of the Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or refused (i) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, on the due date for such payment or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, on

--- Page 92 ---
A50482058 
92 
 
presentation of the related Receipt, in which case, such amount shall remain outstanding until the 
Relevant Date relating to such Instalment Amount. 
(c) 
Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer: If a Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue of Notes, the Issuer may, subject to compliance by the 
Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not less than 15 nor more than 
30 days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 15 to the Noteholders (or such other notice 
period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any 
time or from time to time, prior to their Maturity Date (the “Optional Redemption Date”) at their 
Optional Redemption Amount. The Optional Redemption Amount will be calculated by the Make-
Whole Calculation Agent and will be the greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the nominal amount of the 
Notes so redeemed and, (y) the sum of the then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of 
principal and interest on such Notes (not including any interest accrued on the Notes from, and 
including, the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the relevant Optional Redemption Date or 
the Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be, to, but excluding, the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date) discounted to the relevant Optional Redemption Date on the basis of the Day Count 
Fraction specified in the relevant Final Terms at the Redemption Rate plus a Redemption Margin (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), plus in each case (x) or (y) above, any interest accrued on the 
Notes from, and including, the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date or the Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be, to, but excluding, the 
Optional Redemption Date.  
If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Optional Redemption 
Amount in respect of the Make Whole Redemption Option by the Issuer will be calculated taking into 
account the Call Option Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) pursuant to Condition 6(e) 
below and not the Maturity Date. 
The “Redemption Rate” is the average of the four quotations (eliminating the highest quotation (or, in 
the event of equality, one of the highest quotations) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of 
equality, one of the lowest quotations)) given by the Reference Dealers of the mid-market annual yield 
to maturity of the Reference Security (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the fourth business 
day preceding the Optional Redemption Date at 11.00 a.m. (Central European time (CET)). 
“Reference Dealers” means each of the four banks selected by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent 
which are primary European government security dealers, and their respective successors, or market 
makers in pricing corporate bond issues or as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the Reference Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) will be chosen by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent at 11.00 a.m. (Central European time 
(CET)) on the third business day in London preceding the Optional Redemption Date, quoted in 
writing by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent to the Issuer and notified in accordance with Condition 
15. 
The Redemption Rate will be notified by the Paying Agent in accordance with Condition 15. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest 
error) be final and binding upon all parties. The Make-Whole Calculation Agent shall act as an 
independent expert and not as an agent for the Issuer or the Noteholders. In the absence of bad faith, 
manifest error or fraud, the Make-Whole Calculation Agent shall have no liability whatsoever to the 
Paying Agents, or the Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the Couponholders for any determination 
made by it, pursuant to this Condition 6(c).

--- Page 93 ---
A50482058 
93 
 
In the case of a partial redemption, the relevant provisions of Condition 6(d) shall apply mutatis 
mutandis to this Condition 6(c). 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption: If a Call Option is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable 
notice in accordance with Condition 15 to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem, all or, if so provided in the relevant Final Terms, some, 
of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their 
Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for 
redemption, if any. Any such redemption or exercise must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least 
equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms and 
no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Materialised Notes, the notice to holders of such 
Materialised Notes shall also contain the number of the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes to be 
redeemed which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair and 
reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to compliance 
with any applicable laws and stock exchange or other relevant authority requirements of the Regulated 
Market on which the Notes are listed and admitted to trading. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Dematerialised Notes of any Series, the redemption 
may be effected by reducing the nominal amount of all such Dematerialised Notes in proportion to the 
aggregate nominal amount redeemed. 
So long as the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or on any Regulated Market 
and the rules of such Regulated Market so require, the Issuer shall, once in each year in which there 
has been a partial redemption of the Notes, cause to be published in accordance with Articles 221-3 
and 221-4 of the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the Autorité des marchés financiers (the 
“AMF”) and on the website of any other competent authority and/or Regulated Market where the 
Notes are listed and admitted to trading, a notice specifying the aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
outstanding and, in the case of Materialised Notes, a list of any Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes 
drawn for redemption but not surrendered. 
(e) 
Residual Maturity Call Option: If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice in 
accordance with Condition 15 to the Noteholders redeem the Notes (or such other notice period as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms), in whole but not in part, at par together with interest accrued 
to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption, at any time as from the “Call Option Date” (as 
specified in the Final Terms), which shall be no earlier than (i) three months before the Maturity Date 
in respect of Notes having a maturity of not more than ten years or (ii) six months before the Maturity 
Date in respect of Notes having a maturity of more than ten years, until the Maturity Date.  
For the purpose of the preceding paragraph, the maturity of not more than ten years or the maturity of 
more than ten years shall be determined as from the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant 
Series of Notes.  
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition.

--- Page 94 ---
A50482058 
94 
 
(f) 
Clean-Up Call Option: If a Clean-Up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms and if 
75 per cent. or any other percentage above as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Clean-Up 
Percentage”) of the initial aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of the same Series have been 
redeemed or purchased and, in each case, cancelled, the Issuer may on giving not less than 15 nor 
more than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, at their 
Clean-Up Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms).  
(g) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders: If a Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Issuer shall, at the option of the Noteholder, upon the Noteholder giving not less than 15 nor more 
than 30 days’ notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount 
together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option the Noteholder must deposit with a Paying Agent at its specified office during 
usual business hours a duly completed option exercise notice (the “Exercise Notice”) in the form 
obtained during usual business hours from any Paying Agent, within the notice period. In the case of 
Materialised Bearer Notes, the Exercise Notice shall have attached to it the relevant Notes (together 
with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons). In the case of Dematerialised 
Notes, the Noteholder shall transfer, or cause to be transferred, the Dematerialised Notes to be 
redeemed to the account of the Fiscal Agent or the Paying Agent with a specified office in Paris as 
specified in the Exercise Notice. No option so exercised and, where applicable, no Note so deposited 
or transferred, may be withdrawn without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(h) 
Redemption of Inflation Linked Notes: If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Final 
Redemption Amount in respect of Inflation Linked Notes will be determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the following basis: 
Final Redemption Amount = IIR x nominal amount of the Notes 
“IIR” being for the purpose of this Condition 6(h) the ratio determined on the fifth Business Day 
before the Maturity Date between either (i) if the CPI is specified as the Index applicable in the Final 
Terms, the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index or (ii) if the HICP is specified as the Index applicable 
in the Final Terms, the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index, on the Maturity Date and the Base 
Reference on the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the Final Redemption Amount calculated as set out above is below par, the Notes will be redeemed 
at par. 
(i) 
Early Redemption: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(j) or Condition 6(n) or upon it 
becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 shall be the Amortised Nominal 
Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Note. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Nominal Amount of 
any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the 
Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown in the relevant Final Terms, shall be such 
rate as would produce an Amortised Nominal Amount equal to the issue price of the

--- Page 95 ---
A50482058 
95 
 
Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded 
annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its 
redemption pursuant to Condition 6(j) or Condition 6(n) or upon it becoming due and 
payable as provided in Condition 9 is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount 
due and payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Nominal Amount of such 
Note as defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have 
effect as though the date on which the Amortised Nominal Amount becomes due and 
payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised Nominal Amount in 
accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (both before and after 
judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity 
Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final 
Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest that 
may accrue in accordance with Condition 5(f). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made 
on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Inflation Linked Notes:  
(A) 
If the relevant Final Terms provides that Condition 6(h) shall apply in respect of 
Inflation Linked Notes, the Early Redemption Amount upon redemption of such Notes 
pursuant to Condition 6(j) or Condition 6(n) or upon it becoming due and payable as 
provided in Condition 9, the Put Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount in respect of 
such Notes will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
Early Redemption Amount/Put Amount = IIR x nominal amount of the Notes 
“IIR” being for the purposes of this Condition the ratio determined on the fifth Business 
Day before the date set for redemption between either (i) if the CPI is specified as the 
Index applicable in the Final Terms, the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index or (ii) if the 
HICP is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms, the HICP Daily Inflation 
Reference Index on the date set for redemption and the Base Reference specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
If the Early Redemption Amount calculated as set out above is below par, the Notes will 
be redeemed at par. 
(B) 
If the Inflation Linked Notes (whether or not Condition 6(h) applies) fall to be redeemed 
for whatever reason before the Maturity Date, the Issuer will pay the Early Redemption 
Amount together with interest accrued to the date set for redemption. Such accrued 
interest will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the period from, and 
including the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the 
Interest Commencement Date to, but excluding, the date set for redemption of such 
Notes at a rate per annum on the basis of the provisions of Condition 5 (iv) above except 
that, for such purposes the relevant Interest Determination Date shall be the fifth 
Business Day prior to the relevant Early Redemption Date. 
(iii) 
Other Notes: The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes 
described paragraphs “Zero Coupon Notes” and “Inflation Linked Notes” above), upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(j) or Condition 6(n), or upon it becoming due 
and payable as provided in Condition 9 shall be the Final Redemption Amount.

--- Page 96 ---
A50482058 
96 
 
(j) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: 
(i) 
If, by reason of any change in, or any change in the official application or interpretation of, 
French law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, the Issuer [or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor (in respect of the Guarantee)] would on the occasion of the next payment of principal 
or interest due in respect of the Notes or Coupons, not be able to make such payment without 
having to pay additional amounts as specified under Condition 8 below, the Issuer may, at its 
option, on any Interest Payment Date or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, at any time, 
subject to having given not more than 45 nor less than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders or, if 
applicable, to the holders of Coupons (the “Couponholders”) (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 15, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at 
their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for 
redemption provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder may be given 
shall be no earlier than the latest practicable date on which the Issuer [or, as the case may be, 
the Guarantor] could make payment of principal and interest without withholding for such 
additional amounts. 
(ii) 
If the Issuer [or, as the case may be, the Guarantor (in respect of the Guarantee)] would, on the 
next payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes or Coupons, be prevented by 
French law from making payment to the Noteholders or, if applicable, Couponholders of the 
full amounts then due and payable, notwithstanding the undertaking to pay additional amounts 
contained in Condition 8 below, then the Issuer, shall forthwith give notice of such fact to the 
Fiscal Agent and the Issuer shall upon giving not less than seven days’ prior notice to the 
Noteholders or, if applicable, the Couponholders in accordance with Condition 15, redeem all, 
but not some only, of the Notes then outstanding at their Early Redemption Amount (as 
described in Condition 6(i) above) together with any interest accrued to the date set for 
redemption on the latest practicable Interest Payment Date on which the Issuer [or the 
Guarantor, as the case may be,] could make payment of the full amount then due and payable in 
respect of the Notes or, if applicable, Receipts or Coupons, or, if that date is passed, as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
(k) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders following a Change of Control: If a Change of Control 
Put Option is specified in the Final Terms, and if at any time while any Note remains outstanding there 
occurs a Put Event, the holder of each Note will have the option (the “Change of Control Put 
Option”) (unless, prior to the giving of the Put Event Notice (as defined below), the Issuer gives 
notice of its intention to redeem the Notes under Condition 6(j)) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at 
the Issuer’s option, to procure the purchase of that Note on the Put Optional Redemption Date (as 
defined below) at the Put Amount (as defined below). 
For the purpose of this Condition 6(k), any reference to Danone shall refer to Danone as Issuer and, in 
the event of substitution of the Issuer in accordance with Condition 16, to Danone as Guarantor.  
A “Put Event” shall be deemed to have occurred at each time (i) a Change of Control occurs and 
(ii) within the Change of Control Period a Rating Downgrade occurs as a result, in whole or primarily, 
of that Change of Control or of a Potential Change of Control. 
A “Change of Control” shall be deemed to have occurred at each time (whether or not approved by 
Danone) that any Relevant Person(s), at any time following the Issue Date of the Notes, acquire(s) 
Control of Danone unless all or substantially all of the shareholders of the Relevant Person 
(the “Relevant Shareholders”) are, or immediately prior to the event which would otherwise have 
constituted a Change of Control were, the shareholders of Danone with the Relevant Person holding

--- Page 97 ---
A50482058 
97 
 
the same (or substantially the same) pro rata interest in the share capital of Danone as the Relevant 
Shareholders have, or as the case may be, had in the share capital of Danone and the Relevant 
Shareholders holding all or substantially all of the share capital and voting rights of the Relevant 
Person. 
“Relevant Person” means any person or persons acting in concert (as defined in Article L.233-10 and 
L.233-10-1 of the French Code de commerce) or any person or persons acting on behalf of any such 
person(s). 
“Control of Danone” means the holding or acquisition, directly or indirectly, by any Relevant Person 
of such number of shares in the capital of Danone carrying more than 50 per cent. of the total voting 
rights normally exercisable at an ordinary or extraordinary shareholders’ general meeting of Danone. 
“Put Agent” means the relevant Paying Agent specified in the Put Event Notice. 
“Put Amount” means in respect of any Note an amount equal to 100 per cent. of its principal amount 
together with (or, where purchased, together with an amount equal to) accrued interest to but excluding 
the Put Optional Redemption Date. 
A “Rating Downgrade” shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control if: 
(i) 
within the Change of Control Period: 
(A) 
the investment grade credit rating (Baa3/BBB-, or equivalent, or better) previously 
assigned to the Notes by any Rating Agency is (x) either downgraded to a non-
investment grade credit rating (Ba1/BB+, or equivalent, or worse) or withdrawn and (y) 
is not within the Change of Control Period subsequently (in the case of a downgrade) 
upgraded or (in the case of a withdrawal) reinstated to an investment grade credit rating 
by such Rating Agency; or  
(B) 
the non-investment grade credit rating (Ba1/BB+, or equivalent, or worse) assigned to 
the Notes by any Rating Agency is (x) downgraded by one or more notches (for 
illustration, Ba1/BB+ to Ba2/BB being one notch) or withdrawn and (y) is not within the 
Change of Control Period subsequently (in the case of a downgrade) upgraded or (in the 
case of a withdrawal) reinstated to its earlier credit rating or better by such Rating 
Agency; or  
(C) 
the Notes have no credit rating, and no Rating Agency assigns within the Change of 
Control Period an investment grade credit rating to the Notes, unless Danone has a credit 
rating, in which case paragraphs (A) and (B), as the case may be, shall apply to the credit 
rating assigned to Danone by any Rating Agency; and 
(ii) 
in making the relevant decision(s) referred to (A) and (B) above, the relevant Rating Agency 
announces publicly or confirms in writing to Danone, that such decision(s) resulted, in whole or 
primarily, from the occurrence of the Change of Control or from the occurrence of the Potential 
Change of Control, provided that if the rating designations employed by any Rating Agency are 
changed from those in force at the time of the Issue Date, Danone shall determine the rating 
designations of such Rating Agency as are most equivalent to the prior rating designations of 
such Rating Agency and this Condition 6 shall be read accordingly. When a substitution of the 
Issuer in accordance with Condition 16 has occurred, the written confirmation from the relevant 
Rating Agency shall be promptly notified to the Issuer by Danone. 
“Rating Agencies” means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, and/or Moody’s Italia S.r.l. and their 
respective successors or affiliates and/or any other rating agency of equivalent international standing

--- Page 98 ---
A50482058 
98 
 
specified from time to time by Danone which has a current rating of the Notes at any relevant time or, 
in the event mentioned in paragraph (i) (C) of the above definition of “Rating Downgrade”, by Danone 
(each a “Rating Agency”). 
“Change of Control Period” means:  
(i) 
the period starting the earlier of (x) the date of the first public announcement of the result (avis 
de résultat) by the AMF (or any other competent authority) of the relevant Change of Control or 
(y) the date of the first public announcement by Danone of the relevant Change of Control; in 
each case (x) and (y), ending on the date which is 120 days thereafter (inclusive); or 
(ii) 
the period commencing 180 days prior to the date of the first public announcement of the result 
(avis de résultat) by the AMF (or any other competent authority) of the relevant Change of 
Control and ending on the date of such announcement (inclusive). 
“Potential Change of Control” means any public announcement or statement by Danone, any actual 
or potential bidder relating to any potential Change of Control of Danone. 
Within 3 Paris business days after receipt of a written official notice or after a public announcement 
issued by the relevant Rating Agency that a Put Event has occurred, the Issuer shall give notice (a “Put 
Event Notice”) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 specifying the nature of the Put 
Event and the procedure for exercising the Put Option contained in this Condition 6. 
To exercise the Put Option to require the redemption or, as the case may be, purchase of a Note under 
this Condition 6 the holder of that Note, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, must transfer or cause to 
be transferred by its Account Holder its Notes to be so redeemed or purchased to the account of, or, in 
the case of Materialised Notes, deposit or cause to deposit such Note (together, if applicable, with all 
unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons) to the specified office of the Put Agent 
specified in the Put Event Notice for the account of the Issuer within the period of 45 days after the Put 
Event Notice is given (the “Put Period”), together with a duly signed and completed notice of exercise 
in the form (in the then current form) obtainable from the specified office of any Paying Agent (a “Put 
Option Notice”) and in which the holder may specify a bank account to which payment is to be made 
under this Condition 6. 
The Issuer shall redeem or, at the option of the Issuer, procure the purchase of the Notes in respect of 
which the Put Option has been validly exercised as provided above, and subject to the transfer of such 
Notes to the account of the Put Agent for the account of the Issuer as described above, on the date 
which is the tenth business day following the end of the Put Period (the “Put Optional Redemption 
Date”). Payment in respect of any Note so transferred will be made in the relevant currency specified 
in the Final Terms to the holder to the bank account specified in the relevant Put Option Notice on the 
Put Optional Redemption Date via the relevant Account Holder. 
(l) 
Purchases: The Issuer shall have the right at all times to purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of 
Materialised Notes, all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price, subject to the 
applicable laws and regulations. Unless the possibility of holding and reselling is expressly excluded in 
the Final Terms, all Notes so purchased by the Issuer may be held and resold in accordance with 
applicable laws and regulations. 
(m) 
Cancellation: All Notes purchased for cancellation by or on behalf of the Issuer will forthwith be 
cancelled, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in accordance with the rules 
and procedures of Euroclear France and, in the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, by surrendering the 
Materialised Bearer Notes in question together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and all

--- Page 99 ---
A50482058 
99 
 
unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, in each case, if so transferred or surrendered, will, 
together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with, in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, all rights relating to payment of interest and other amounts relating to such 
Dematerialised Notes and, in the case of Materialised Notes, all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so cancelled or, where 
applicable, transferred or surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the 
obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
(n) 
Illegality: If, by reason of any change in French law or any change in the official application of such 
law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, it will become unlawful (i) for the Issuer to perform or 
comply with one or more of its obligations under the Notes [or (ii) for the Guarantor to perform and 
comply with one or more of its obligations under the Guarantee], the Issuer will, subject to having 
given not more than 45 nor less than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 15, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their 
Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption.  
7 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Dematerialised Notes shall be 
made (i) (in the case of Dematerialised Notes in bearer form or administered registered form) by 
transfer to the account denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant Account Holders for the 
benefit of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) (in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered 
form), to an account denominated in the relevant currency with a Bank designated by the relevant 
Noteholder. All payments validly made to such Account Holders will constitute an effective discharge 
of the Issuer in respect of such payments. 
(b) 
Materialised Bearer Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Materialised Bearer 
Notes shall, subject as mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender during usual 
business hours of the relevant Receipts (in the case of payments of Instalment Amounts other than on 
the due date for redemption and provided that the Receipt is presented for payment together with its 
relative Note), Materialised Bearer Notes (in the case of all other payments of principal and, in the 
case of interest, as specified in Condition 7(f)(vi)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified 
in Condition 7(f)(vi)), as the case may be, (i) in the case of a currency other than Renminbi, at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant 
currency drawn on, or, at the option of the Noteholder, by transfer to an account denominated in such 
currency with, a Bank and (ii) in the case of Renminbi, by transfer to a Renminbi account maintained 
by or on behalf of Noteholder with a Bank. 
“Bank” means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of renminbi in 
Hong Kong, and, in the case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET System. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Bearer Notes are 
denominated in US Dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed 
Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that 
such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner 
provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or 
effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such 
amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the

--- Page 100 ---
A50482058 
100 
 
opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer [or the Guarantor, if payment is being 
made under the Guarantee]. 
(d) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or 
other laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment but without prejudice to the provisions 
of Condition 8. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in 
respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, the 
Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation Agent initially appointed under the Agency Agreement 
and their respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the 
Redenomination Agent, the Registration Agent and the Consolidation Agent act solely as agents of the 
Issuer and the Calculation Agent(s) act(s) as independent experts(s) and, in each case such, do not 
assume any obligation or relationship of agency for any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer 
reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other 
Paying Agent, the Redenomination Agent, the Registration Agent and the Consolidation Agent or the 
Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at 
all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so 
require, (iii) a Redenomination Agent and a Consolidation Agent where the Conditions so require, (iv) 
Paying Agents having specified offices in at least two major European cities, (v) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, in fully registered form, a Registration Agent and (vi) such other agents as may 
be required by the rules of any other Regulated Market on which the Notes may be listed and admitted 
to trading. 
In addition, the Issuer [or the Guarantor, if payment is being made under the Guarantee] shall forthwith 
appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any Materialised Bearer Notes denominated in 
US Dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) above. 
On a redenomination of the Notes of any Series pursuant to Condition 1(d) with a view to 
consolidating such Notes with one or more other Series of Notes, in accordance with Condition 14, the 
Issuer shall ensure that the same entity shall be appointed as both Redenomination Agent and 
Consolidation Agent in respect of both such Notes and such other Series of Notes to be so consolidated 
with such Notes. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons: 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of Materialised Bearer Notes which comprise Fixed Rate 
Notes (other than Index Linked Notes), should be surrendered for payment together with all 
unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value of 
each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, that 
proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon that the sum of principal so paid 
bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, 
Amortised Nominal Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as 
the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid in the manner 
mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of 10 years from 
the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon has become 
void pursuant to Condition 10) provided that, if any Materialised Bearer Note should be issued 
with a maturity date and an Interest Rate or Rates such that, on the presentation for payment of 
any such Note without any unmatured Coupons attached thereto or surrendered therewith, the

--- Page 101 ---
A50482058 
101 
 
amount required to be deducted in respect of such unmatured Coupons would be greater than 
the relevant Redemption Amount otherwise due for payment, then, upon the due date for 
redemption of any such Note, such unmatured Coupons (whether or not attached) shall become 
void (and no payment shall be made in respect thereof) as shall be required so that, upon 
application of the foregoing provisions in respect of such Coupons as have not so become void, 
the amount required by this paragraph to be deducted would not be greater than the relevant 
Redemption Amount otherwise due for payment. Where the application of the foregoing 
provisions requires some but not all of the unmatured Coupons relating to a Materialised Bearer 
Note to become void and shall select for such purpose Coupons maturing on later dates in 
preference to Coupons maturing on earlier dates. 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note comprising a Floating Rate 
Notes, Index Linked Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be 
delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note that is redeemable in 
instalments, all Receipts relating to such Materialised Bearer Note having an Instalment Date 
falling on or after such due date (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment 
shall be made in respect of them. 
(v) 
Where any Materialised Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to 
become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption 
without all unmatured Coupons, and where any such Note is presented for redemption without 
any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of 
such indemnity as the Issuer [and the Guarantor, as the case may be,] may require. 
(vi) 
If the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note is not a due date for payment of 
interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and 
surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Definitive Materialised Bearer Note. Interest accrued 
on a Materialised Bearer Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on 
redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant Materialised Bearer Notes. 
(g) 
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Materialised Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be 
surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if 
necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have 
become void pursuant to Condition 10). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a 
business day, the Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor 
to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” 
means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on which 
Euroclear France is open for business or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, on which banks and 
foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, (B) on which 
banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as 
“Financial Centres” in the relevant Final Terms and (C) (i) in the case of a payment in a currency other 
than euro and Renminbi, where payment is to be made by transfer to an account maintained with a

--- Page 102 ---
A50482058 
102 
 
bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the 
relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency, or (ii) in the case of 
a payment in euro, which is a TARGET Business Day, or (iii) in the case of a payment in Renminbi, on 
which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business and settlement of Renminbi 
payments in Hong Kong. 
(i) 
Payment of US Dollar Equivalent: Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, if an 
Inconvertibility, Non-Transferability or Illiquidity occurs or if Renminbi is otherwise not available to 
the Issuer as a result of circumstances beyond its control and such unavailability has been confirmed 
by a Renminbi Dealer, following which the Issuer is unable to satisfy payments of principal or interest 
(in whole or in part) in respect of RMB Notes, the Issuer on giving not less than five nor more than 30-
day irrevocable notice to the Noteholders prior to the due date for payment, may settle any such 
payment (in whole or in part) in US Dollars on the due date at the US Dollar Equivalent of any such 
Renminbi denominated amount. 
In such event, payments of the US Dollar Equivalent of the relevant principal or interest in respect of 
the Notes shall be made by transfer to the US Dollar account of the relevant Account Holders for the 
benefit of the Noteholders. For the avoidance of doubt, no such payment of the US Dollar Equivalent 
shall by itself constitute a default in payment within the meaning of Condition 9. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 7 (i) by the RMB Rate Calculation 
Agent, will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agents and all Noteholders. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7: 
“Governmental Authority” means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other 
entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central 
bank) of Hong Kong or any other relevant jurisdiction of a Renminbi offshore market. 
“Illiquidity” means that the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong or any other relevant 
jurisdiction of a Renminbi offshore market becomes illiquid, other than as a result of an event of 
Inconvertibility or Non-Transferability, as determined by the Issuer in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner following consultation with two Renminbi Dealers. 
“Inconvertibility” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to 
convert any amount due in respect of RMB Notes in the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong 
Kong or any other relevant jurisdiction of a Renminbi offshore market, other than where such 
impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation 
enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue 
Date and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, 
rule or regulation). 
“Non-Transferability” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to 
deliver Renminbi between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account inside Hong Kong or any 
other relevant jurisdiction of a Renminbi offshore market to an account outside Hong Kong or any 
other relevant jurisdiction of a Renminbi offshore market or from an account outside Hong Kong or 
any other relevant jurisdiction of a Renminbi offshore market to an account inside Hong Kong 
(including where the Renminbi clearing and settlement system for participating banks in Hong Kong is 
disrupted or suspended), other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to 
comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule

--- Page 103 ---
A50482058 
103 
 
or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond 
its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
“Renminbi Dealer” means an independent foreign exchange dealer of international repute active in 
the Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong or any other relevant jurisdiction of a Renminbi offshore 
market reasonably selected by the Issuer. 
“RMB Note” means a Note denominated in Renminbi. 
“RMB Rate Calculation Agent” means the agent appointed from time to time by the Issuer for the 
determination of the RMB Spot Rate or identified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“RMB Rate Calculation Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in Hong 
Kong or any other relevant jurisdiction of a Renminbi offshore market and in New York City. 
“RMB Rate Calculation Date” means the day which is two RMB Rate Calculation Business Days 
before the due date for payment of the relevant Renminbi amount under the Conditions. 
“RMB Spot Rate” for a RMB Rate Calculation Date means the spot RMB/US Dollar exchange rate 
for the purchase of US Dollars with RMB in the over-the-counter RMB exchange market in Hong 
Kong or any other relevant jurisdiction of a Renminbi offshore market for settlement on the relevant 
due date for payment, as determined by the RMB Rate Calculation Agent at the Relevant Time as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms on such RMB Rate Calculation Date, on a deliverable basis by 
reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADCNY3 or if no such rate is available, on a non-deliverable 
basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF. If neither such rate is available, the RMB Rate 
Calculation Agent will determine the RMB Spot Rate at the Relevant Time as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms on the RMB Rate Calculation Date as the most recently available RMB/US Dollar official 
fixing rate for settlement on the relevant due date for payment reported by The State Administration of 
Foreign Exchange of the PRC, which is reported on the Reuters Screen Page CNY=SAEC. Reference 
to a page on the Reuters Screen means the display page so designated on the Reuter Monitor Money 
Rates Service (or any successor service) or such other page as may replace that page for the purpose of 
displaying a comparable currency exchange rate.  
“US Dollar Equivalent” means the relevant Renminbi amount converted into US Dollars using the 
RMB Spot Rate for the relevant RMB Rate Calculation Date, as calculated by the RMB Rate 
Calculation Agent. 
8 
Taxation 
(a) 
Tax exemption for Notes: All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the 
Issuer in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons [or payments under the Guarantee] shall be made 
free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within 
France or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by law. 
(b) 
Additional amounts: If French law should require that payments of principal or interest in respect of 
any Note, Receipt or Coupon [or payments under the Guarantee] be subject to deduction or 
withholding in respect of any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein or thereof 
having power to tax, the Issuer will [or, as the case may be, the Guarantor in the case of payments

--- Page 104 ---
A50482058 
104 
 
under the Guarantee], to the fullest extent then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as shall 
result in receipt by the Noteholders or, if applicable, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders, as the 
case may be, of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or 
deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any 
Note, Receipt or Coupon, as the case may be: 
(i) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder or, if applicable, a 
Receiptholder or Couponholder, as the case may be, who is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason of 
his having some connection with the Republic of France other than the mere holding of the 
Note, Receipt or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
Presentation more than 30 days after the Relevant Date: in the case of Materialised Notes, 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the Noteholder or, if 
applicable, the Receiptholder or Couponholder, as the case may be, would have been entitled to 
such additional amounts on presenting it for payment on the thirtieth such day; or 
(iii) 
Excess interest paid to a shareholder of the Issuer: to, or to a third party of, a Noteholder or, 
if applicable, a Receiptholder or a Couponholder, as the case may be, who is liable to such taxes 
in respect of such Notes, Receipt or Coupon solely by reason of (x) his being a shareholder of 
the Issuer and (y) the payment of interest being made to him at a rate in excess of the limit set 
forth in the French Code général des impôts (Article 39, 1, 3°) for the deduction of interest paid 
to shareholders of a borrowing company; or 
(iv) 
Non-cooperative State or territory: if the Notes do not benefit from any exception1 provided 
in the Bulletins officiels des Finances Publiques-Impôts, BOI – RPPM – RCM – 30-10-20-40-
dated 20 December 2019, BOI – IR – DOMIC – 10-20-20-60 dated 20 December 2019 and 
BOI-INT-DG-20-50-20 
dated 
24 February 2021 
and 
BOI-INT-DG-20-50-30 
dated 
24 February 2021 of the French tax authorities and when such withholding or deduction is 
required to be made by reason of that interest, Receipt or Coupon being (x) paid to a bank 
account opened in a financial institution established in, or (y) paid or accrued to a person 
established or domiciled in, a non-cooperative State or territory (Etat ou territoire non-
coopératif) as defined in Article 238-0 A of the French Code général des impôts pursuant to 
Articles 125 A III, 119 bis 2 and 238 A of the same code. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Conditions, all payments of principal, interest and other 
revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer [or payments under the Guarantee] in respect of the Notes, 
Receipts, Coupons or Talons shall be paid net of any deduction or withholding imposed or required 
pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended (the “U.S. Internal Revenue Code”), or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 
 
1  
The Notes benefit from the exceptions provided by the Bulletins officiels des Finances Publiques-Impôts when: 
(i) the Notes are offered by means of a public offer within the meaning of Article L.411-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier or 
pursuant to an equivalent offer in a State other than in a non-cooperative State. For this purpose, an “equivalent offer” means any offer 
requiring the registration or submission of an offer document by or with a foreign securities market authority; or 
(ii) the Notes are admitted to trading on a regulated market or on a French or foreign multilateral securities trading system provided that such 
market or system is not located in a non-cooperative State, and the operation of such market is carried out by a market operator or an 
investment services provider, or by such other similar foreign entity, provided further that such market operator, investment services 
provider or entity is not located in a non-cooperative State; or  
(iii) the Notes are admitted, at the time of their issue, to the operations of a central depositary or of a securities payment and delivery system 
operator within the meaning of Article L.561-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier, or of one or more similar foreign depositaries or 
operators provided that such depositary or operator is not located in a non-cooperative State.

--- Page 105 ---
A50482058 
105 
 
through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code (or any regulations thereunder or official 
interpretations thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement between the United States and another 
jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof (or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or 
practices implementing such an intergovernmental agreement) (any such withholding or deduction, 
a “FATCA Withholding”). Neither the Issuer or the Guarantor nor any other person will be required to 
pay any additional amounts in respect of FATCA Withholding. 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon means the 
date on which payment in respect of it first becomes due the date on which payment in full of the 
amount outstanding is made or, in the case of Materialised Notes (if earlier) the date seven days after 
that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note, 
Receipt or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, 
provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. References in these Conditions to (i) 
“principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, all Instalment 
Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, 
Amortised Nominal Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to 
Condition 6 or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all 
Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 5 or any amendment or 
supplement to it and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” shall be deemed to include any additional 
amounts that may be payable under this Condition.  
(c) 
Supply of information: Each Noteholder shall be responsible for supplying to the relevant Paying 
Agent, in a timely manner, any information as may be required in order to comply with the 
identification and reporting obligations imposed on it by Article 242 ter of the French Code général 
des impôts. 
9 
Events of Default 
The Representative (as defined under Condition 11(a)), upon request of any Noteholder, may, upon written 
notice to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent given before all defaults shall have been cured, cause the principal 
amount of all the Notes (but not some only), held by such Noteholder, to become immediately due and 
payable at their principal amount, together with accrued interest thereon, as of the date on which such notice 
for payment is received by the Fiscal Agent without further formality, if any of the following events (each an 
“Event of Default”) shall occur: 
(i) 
the Issuer defaults in any payment when due of principal or interest on any Note [or the Guarantor 
defaults in any payment when due under the Guarantee] (including the payment of any additional 
amounts pursuant to the provisions set forth under “Taxation” above) if such default shall not have 
been cured within 15 days; or 
(ii) 
there is a default by the Issuer [or the Guarantor, as the case may be,] in the due performance of any 
other material provision of the Notes [or the Guarantee, as the case may be,] and such default shall not 
have been cured within 30 days after receipt by the Fiscal Agent of written notice of default given by 
the Representative upon request of the Noteholder; or 
(iii) 
any other present or future financial indebtedness of the Issuer [or the Guarantor] or any Principal 
Subsidiary for or in respect of monies borrowed equal or in excess of €150,000,000 (or its equivalent 
in any other currency), becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity as a result of a default 
thereunder, or any such financial indebtedness shall not be paid when due and payable or, as the case 
may be, within any applicable grace period under the relevant contract in force prior to the date on 
which that financial indebtedness fell due or any guarantee or indemnity in excess of such aforesaid

--- Page 106 ---
A50482058 
106 
 
amount given by the Issuer [or the Guarantor] or any Principal Subsidiary for, or in respect of, any 
such financial indebtedness of others shall not be honoured when due and called upon, or, as the case 
may be, within any applicable grace period unless the Issuer [or the Guarantor] or such Principal 
Subsidiary, as the case may be, has disputed in good faith that such borrowed money is due or such 
guarantee is callable, and such dispute has been submitted to a competent court in which case such 
event shall not constitute, an Event of Default hereunder so long as the dispute shall not have been 
finally adjudicated; this Condition 9(iii) shall not apply (a) when it relates to any financial 
indebtedness owed by a Principal Subsidiary to a member of the Group and (b) if the failure to pay is 
caused by an error or omission or impediment of an administrative, operational, legal or regulatory 
nature, and the funds were otherwise available to such Principal Subsidiary to enable it to make the 
relevant payment when due; or 
(iv) 
a judgment is issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) or for a judicial transfer of the 
whole of the business (cession totale de l’entreprise) of Danone or any Principal Subsidiary or, 
Danone is wound up or dissolved except in connection with a merger, provided that the entity resulting 
from such merger assumes the obligations under each Note [or Guarantee]; or 
(v) 
[the Guarantee is not (or is claimed by the Guarantor not to be) in full force and effect.] 
“Principal Subsidiary” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 4.  
“Group” means the Issuer and its subsidiaries taken as a whole. 
10 Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons (which for this purpose 
shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within five years (in the case of 
principal and interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
11 Representation of Noteholders 
In respect of the representation of the Noteholders, the following shall apply: 
(a) 
Masse 
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the 
defence of their common interests in a masse (in each case, the “Masse”) which will be subject to the 
below provisions of this Condition 11(a).  
The Masse will be governed by the provisions of the French Code de commerce with the exception of 
Articles L.228-48, L.228-59, L.228-65 I, 1°, 3° and 6°, the second sentence of Article L.228-65 II, 
R.228-61, R.228-63 and R.228-69 subject to the following provisions: 
(i) 
Legal Personality: The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a 
representative (the “Representative”) and in part through a General Meeting or a Written 
Resolution. 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common 
rights, actions and benefits which now or in the future may accrue respectively with respect to 
the Notes. 
(ii) 
Representative of the Masse: The names and addresses of the initial Representative of the 
Masse and/or its alternate will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. The Representative

--- Page 107 ---
A50482058 
107 
 
appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the Representative of the 
single Masse of all Tranches in such Series. 
The office of Representative may be conferred on a person of any nationality. However, the 
following persons may not be chosen as Representatives: 
• 
the Issuer, the members of its Board of Directors (Conseil d’administration), its general 
managers (directeurs généraux), its statutory auditors, or its employees as well as their 
ascendants, descendants and spouses; or 
• 
companies guaranteeing all or part of the obligations of the Issuer, their respective 
managers (gérants), general managers (directeurs généraux), members of their Board of 
Directors, their statutory auditors, or employees as well as their ascendants, descendants 
and spouses; or 
• 
companies holding 10 per cent. or more of the share capital of the Issuer or companies 
having 10 per cent. or more of their share capital held by the Issuer; or 
• 
persons to whom the practice of banker is forbidden or who have been deprived of the 
right of directing, administering or managing an enterprise in whatever capacity. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or 
duties as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
In the event of death, retirement, dissolution or revocation of appointment of the 
Representative, such Representative will be replaced by another Representative. In the event of 
the death, retirement, dissolution or revocation of appointment of the alternate Representative, 
an alternate will be elected by the General Meeting. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the 
initial Representative and/or the alternate Representative at the head office of the Issuer and the 
specified offices of any of the Paying Agents. 
(iii) 
Powers of the Representative: The Representative shall (in the absence of any decision to the 
contrary of the General Meeting) have the power to take all acts of management necessary in 
order to defend the common interests of the Noteholders. 
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or 
against the Representative. 
The Representative may not interfere in the management of the affairs of the Issuer. 
(iv) 
General Meeting: A General Meeting may be held at any time, on convocation either by the 
Issuer or by the Representative. One or more Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth 
of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding, may address to the Issuer and the 
Representative a demand for convocation of the General Meeting. If such General Meeting has 
not been convened within two months after such demand, the Noteholders may commission one 
of their members to petition a competent court in Paris to appoint an agent (mandataire) who 
will call the General Meeting. 
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published as 
provided under Condition 15 not less than 15 days prior to the date of such General Meeting on 
first convocation, and 5 days on second convocation.

--- Page 108 ---
A50482058 
108 
 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy, 
correspondence, or, videoconference or any other means of telecommunications allowing the 
identification of the participating Noteholders as provided mutatis mutandis by Article R.225-
97 of the French Code de commerce. Each Note carries the right to one vote or, in the case of 
Notes issued with more than one Specified Denomination, one vote in respect of each multiple 
of the lowest Specified Denomination comprised in the principal amount of the Specified 
Denomination of such Note. 
(v) 
Powers of the General Meetings: The General Meeting is empowered to deliberate on the 
dismissal and replacement of the Representative and the alternate Representative and also may 
act with respect to any other matter that relates to the common rights, actions and benefits 
which now or in the future may accrue with respect to the Notes, including authorising the 
Representative to act at law as plaintiff or defendant. 
The General Meeting may further deliberate on any proposal relating to the modification of the 
Conditions including any proposal, whether for arbitration or settlement, relating to rights in 
controversy or which were the subject of judicial decisions, it being specified, however, that the 
General Meeting may not increase the liabilities (charges) of the Noteholders, nor establish any 
unequal treatment between the Noteholders, nor to decide to convert Notes into shares. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if Noteholders present or 
represented hold at least one fifth of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. On 
second convocation, no quorum shall be required. Decisions at meetings shall be taken by a 
simple majority of votes cast by Noteholders attending such General Meetings or represented 
thereat. 
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of each 
Noteholder to participate in General Meetings will be evidenced by the entries in the books of 
the relevant Account Holder of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00, Paris time on the 
second business day in Paris preceding the date set for the meeting of the relevant General 
Meeting. 
Decisions of General Meetings and Written Resolutions once approved must be published in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 15. 
(vi) 
Written Resolutions: Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, but in 
respect of any Series of Dematerialised Notes only, the Issuer shall be entitled in lieu of the 
holding of a General Meeting to seek approval of a resolution from the Noteholders by way of a 
resolution in writing (a “Written Resolution”). Subject to the following sentence a Written 
Resolution may be contained in one document or in several documents in like form, each signed 
by or on behalf of one or more of the Noteholders. Pursuant to Articles L.228-46-1 and R.225-
97 of the French Code de commerce approval of a Written Resolution may also be given by way 
of electronic communication allowing the identification of Noteholders (“Electronic 
Consent”). 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Resolution (including by way of Electronic Consent) 
will be published as provided under Condition 15(e) not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed 
for the passing of such Written Resolution (the “Written Resolution Date”). Notices seeking 
the approval of a Written Resolution will contain the conditions of form and time-limits to be 
complied with by the Noteholders who wish to express their approval or rejection of such 
proposed Written Resolution. Noteholders expressing their approval or rejection before the

--- Page 109 ---
A50482058 
109 
 
Written Resolution Date will undertake not to dispose of their Notes until after the Written 
Resolution Date. 
A Written Resolution will be deemed to have been approved if (i) Noteholders expressing their 
approval or rejection of such proposed Written Resolution hold at least one fifth of the principal 
amount of the Notes then outstanding and (ii) Noteholders expressing their approval hold at 
least 66.6 per cent. of such quorum. 
(vii) 
Exclusion of certain provisions of the French Code de commerce: The provisions of Articles 
L.228-48, L.228-59 and L.228-65 I. 1°, 3°, 6° of the French Code de commerce (respectively 
providing for a prior approval by the General Meeting of the Noteholders of (i) any change in 
corporate purpose or form of the Issuer, (ii) any proposal to merge or demerge the Issuer in the 
cases referred to in Articles L.236-13 and L.236-18 of the French Code de commerce or (iii) 
any proposal to transfer the registered office of a societas europaea to another Member State of 
the European Union), the second sentence of Article L.228-65 II, R.228-61, R.228-63, R.228-
69, L.236-13, L.236-18 and L.229-2 of the French Code de commerce and the related 
provisions of the French Code de commerce shall not apply to the Notes. 
(g) 
Information to Noteholders: Each Noteholder or Representative thereof will have the right, during 
the 15-day period preceding the holding of each General Meeting and Written Resolution Date, and, in 
the case of an adjourned General Meeting, 5-day period preceding the holding of such adjourned 
General Meeting, to consult or make a copy of the text of the resolutions which will be proposed and 
of the reports which will be prepared in connection with such resolutions, all of which will be 
available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders at the registered office of the Issuer, at the 
specified offices of any of the Paying Agents during usual business hours and at any other place 
specified in the notice of the General Meeting or Written Resolution. 
(h) 
Expenses: The Issuer will pay all expenses relating to the operation of the Masse, including expenses 
relating to the calling and holding of General Meetings and seeking of a Written Resolution and, more 
generally, all administrative expenses resolved upon by the General Meeting or in writing by the 
Noteholders, it being expressly stipulated that no expenses may be imputed against interest payable 
under the Notes. 
(i) 
Single Masse: The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series 
which have been assimilated with the Notes of such first mentioned Series in accordance with 
Condition 14, shall, for the defence of their respective common interests, be grouped in a single 
Masse. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the 
Representative of the single Masse of all such Series. 
(j) 
One Noteholder: If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a single Noteholder and 
unless a Representative has been appointed in relation to such Series, such Noteholder shall exercise 
all powers, rights and obligations entrusted to the Masse by the provisions of Condition 11. The Issuer 
shall hold a register of the decisions taken by the sole Noteholder and shall make them available, upon 
request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
(k) 
Benchmark Discontinuation: By subscribing the Notes and solely in the context of a Benchmark 
Event which leads to the application of a Benchmark Amendment, each Noteholder shall be deemed to 
have agreed and approved any Benchmark Amendments or such other necessary changes pursuant to 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C).

--- Page 110 ---
A50482058 
110 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, in this Condition 11, the term “outstanding” shall not include those Notes 
subscribed or purchased by the Issuer in accordance with applicable laws and regulations that are held by it 
and not cancelled. 
12 Modifications 
These Conditions may be completed in relation to any Series of Notes by the terms of the relevant Final 
Terms in relation to such Series. 
13 Replacement of definitive Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
If, in the case of any Materialised Bearer Notes, a Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon or 
Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, 
regulations and stock exchange regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying 
Agent as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation 
is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection 
therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the 
allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is 
subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be 
paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Definitive Materialised 
Bearer Notes, Receipts, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or 
defaced Materialised Bearer Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements 
will be issued. 
14 Further Issues and Consolidation 
(a) 
Further Issues: The Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders create and issue further Notes to be assimilated (assimilables) with the Notes provided 
such Notes and the further Notes carry rights identical in all respects (or in all respects save for the 
principal amount thereof and the first payment of interest specified in the relevant Final Terms) and 
that the terms of such Notes provide for such assimilation and references in these Conditions to 
“Notes” shall be construed accordingly. 
(b) 
Consolidation: The Issuer, with the prior approval of the Consolidation Agent, may from time to time 
on any Interest Payment Date occurring on or after the Redenomination Date on giving not less than 
30 days’ prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders, consolidate the Notes of one Series with the Notes of 
one or more other Series issued by it, whether or not originally issued in one of the European national 
currencies or in euro, provided such other Notes have been redenominated in euro (if not originally 
denominated in euro) and which otherwise have, in respect of all periods subsequent to such 
consolidation, the same terms and conditions as the Notes. 
15 Notices 
(a) 
Notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au nominatif) shall be valid if either, 
(i) they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have 
been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, 
or, (ii) at the option of the Issuer, they are published (a) so long as such Notes are listed on Euronext 
Paris, (x) in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in France (which is expected to be Les 
Echos), or (y) in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe (which is expected to be

--- Page 111 ---
A50482058 
111 
 
the Financial Times) or (z) in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations 
(Règlement Général) of the AMF and, (b) so long as such Notes are listed and admitted to trading on 
any stock exchange and the rules of such stock exchange(s) so require, (x) in a leading daily 
newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the stock exchange(s) on which such Notes 
are listed and admitted to trading is located, and (y) on the website of any other competent authority or 
Regulated Market where the Notes are listed and admitted to trading. 
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Materialised Bearer Notes and Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au 
porteur) shall be valid if published (i) so long as such Notes are listed and admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris, (a) in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in France (which is expected to 
be Les Echos), or (b) in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe (which is expected 
to be the Financial Times) or (c) in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General 
Regulations (Règlement Général) of the AMF and, (ii) so long as such Notes are listed and admitted to 
trading on any other stock exchange and the rules of such stock exchange(s) require, (a) in a leading 
daily newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the stock exchange(s) on which such 
Notes are listed and admitted to trading is located or (b) on the website of any other competent 
authority or Regulated Market where the Notes are listed and admitted to trading. 
(c) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading 
daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed 
to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different 
dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above. Couponholders shall be deemed for all 
purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders of Materialised Bearer Notes 
in accordance with this Condition. 
(d) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or in bearer 
form) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear 
France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Notes are for the time 
being cleared in substitution for the mailing and publication of a notice required by Conditions 15(a) 
and (b) above; except that so long as such Notes are listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market or other stock exchange and the rules of such Regulated Market(s) or other stock exchange so 
require, notices shall also be published in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in the 
city/ies where the Regulated Market(s) or other stock exchange on which such Notes are listed and 
admitted to trading is located.  
(e) 
Notices relating to the convocation, decision(s) of the General Meetings and Written Resolutions 
pursuant to Condition 11, to any decision taken by the Issuer following a General Meeting or a Written 
Resolution or pursuant to Article R.236-11 of the French Code de commerce shall be published on the 
website of the Issuer and, (i) in respect of Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur), by 
delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing 
system through which the Notes are for the time being cleared, (ii) in respect of Dematerialised Notes 
in registered form (au nominatif), by mail to the Noteholders at their respective addresses, in which 
case they will be deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) after the mailing and (iii) in respect of Materialised Bearer Notes, in accordance with 
Condition 15 (b) above. Condition 15 (c) is also applicable to such notices, if any such publication 
under Condition 15 (b) is not practicable.

--- Page 112 ---
A50482058 
112 
 
16 Substitution of the Issuer  
By subscribing the Notes, each Noteholder have agreed and approved, that, subject to the provisions of this 
Condition 16, Danone may be replaced and may be substituted by any of its Subsidiaries as principal debtor 
in respect of the Notes, without further consent from the Noteholders pursuant to Condition 11, provided that 
no payment in respect of the Notes is at the relevant time overdue. If Danone determines that any of its 
Subsidiaries will become the principal debtor (in such capacity, the “Substituted Issuer”), Danone shall give 
no less than 30 nor more than 45 days’ notice to the Noteholders of each Note then outstanding of such event 
and, immediately on the expiry of such notice, the Substituted Issuer shall become the principal debtor in 
respect of the Notes in place of Danone and Noteholders shall thereupon cease to have any rights or claims 
whatsoever against Danone as principal debtor. However, no such substitution shall take effect: 
(i) 
if the effect of such substitution would, at the time of such substitution, be that payments in respect of 
any Note would be required to be made subject to any withholding or deduction which would not 
otherwise arise in the absence of such substitution; 
(ii) 
until Danone has entered into an unconditional and irrevocable guarantee, which is substantially in the 
form of the Pro-Forma Guarantee, in respect of the obligations of such Substituted Issuer under the 
Notes (the “Guarantee”); 
(iii) 
in any case, until the Substituted Issuer shall have provided to the Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agents 
such documents as may be necessary to make each Note and the Agency Agreement legal, valid, 
binding and enforceable obligations; 
(iv) 
if the effect of such substitution would, at the time of such substitution, be that the relevant Notes 
cease to be listed and admitted to trading on the relevant Regulated Market where they are initially or 
before the substitution admitted for trading; 
(v) 
until a supplement to the Base Prospectus, or as the case may be a new base prospectus is published to 
provide the information on the Substituted Issuer required under the Prospectus Regulation; 
(vi) 
until such Substituted Issuer is validly incorporated under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation 
and have obtained all authorisations and approval necessary for the substitution and the fulfilment of 
the obligations arising under the Notes; 
(vii) if such substitution would have a material adverse impact on the interests of the Noteholders. 
In the event of such substitution, any reference in the Conditions (with the exception of Condition 6(k)) to 
Danone shall from then on be deemed to refer to the Substituted Issuer and any reference in the Conditions to 
the Republic of France shall from then on be deemed to refer to the country of incorporation of the 
Substituted Issuer. 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any person or entity at any time, a “filiale” as defined in Article L.233-1 of 
the French Code de commerce (modified or re-enacted from time to time) or any other person or entity 
controlled directly or indirectly by such person or entity within the meaning of Article L.233-3 of the French 
Code de commerce. 
17 Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Notes (and, where applicable, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons) are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French law.

--- Page 113 ---
A50482058 
113 
 
(l) 
Jurisdiction: Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons 
may be brought before any competent court located in Paris.

--- Page 114 ---
A50482058 
114 
 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED 
BEARER NOTES 
Temporary Global Certificate 
A Temporary Global Certificate, without interest Coupons, will initially be issued in connection with Materialised 
Bearer Notes. Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global Certificate with a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream (the “Common Depositary”), Euroclear or Clearstream will credit each subscriber with 
a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) credit the accounts of subscribers with 
other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream held by such other 
clearing systems with a nominal amount of Notes. Conversely, a nominal amount of Notes that is initially deposited 
with any clearing system other than Euroclear or Clearstream may similarly be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with Euroclear or Clearstream. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Notes will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on 
or after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance with the 
C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable, in whole, but not in part, for Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Notes; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes upon certification in the form 
set out in the Agency Agreement (and which shall be available at the specified offices of the Paying Agents) 
as to non-US beneficial ownership. 
A Noteholder must exchange its share of the Temporary Global Certificate for Materialised Bearer Notes before 
interest or any amount payable in respect of the Notes will be paid. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of the Temporary Global Certificate must surrender such Temporary 
Global Certificate to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for the Temporary Global Certificate so 
surrendered, the Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed 
and authenticated Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. 
In this Base Prospectus, “Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes” means, in relation to any Temporary Global 
Certificate, the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes for which such Temporary Global Certificate may be 
exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons and Receipts in respect of interest or Instalment 
Amounts that have not already been paid on the Temporary Global Certificate and a Talon). Definitive Materialised 
Bearer Notes will be security printed in accordance with any applicable legal requirements of the Regulated Market 
in, or substantially in, the form set out in Schedule 2 Part A to the Agency Agreement (and which shall be available 
at the specified offices of the Paying Agents). 
Exchange Date 
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate, the next day succeeding the day that is 40 
days after its issue date, provided that, in the event any further Materialised Notes are issued prior to such day

--- Page 115 ---
A50482058 
115 
 
pursuant to Condition 14, the Exchange Date for such Temporary Global Certificate shall be postponed to the day 
falling after the expiry of 40 days after the issue of such further Materialised Notes.

--- Page 116 ---
A50482058 
116 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS  
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used by the Issuer either:  
- 
for Danone’s general corporate purposes; or 
- 
as stated in the relevant Final Terms, in the case of issue of green, social or sustainability Notes, in an 
amount equal or equivalent to the net proceeds, to finance or re-finance, in part or in full, new and/or 
existing (i) eligible green projects, (ii) eligible social projects, or (iii) eligible sustainability projects (being a 
combination of both green and social eligible projects); or 
- 
as stated in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any particular issue of Notes for which there is a 
particular identified use of proceeds. 
In respect of green, social or sustainability Notes, the Issuer will make available the relevant framework on its 
website on or before the issue of such Notes. Such framework will further describe the above-mentioned projects. 
The Issuer will apply processes for project evaluation and selection, management of proceeds and reporting 
consistent with guidelines set out in the Green Bond Principles, the Social Bond Principles and the Sustainability 
Bond Guidelines published by the International Capital Markets Association (as they may be further updated). 
In that context and in relation to green Notes, and as further described in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer will 
allocate an amount equal or equivalent to the net proceeds of the issuance of the Notes, directly or indirectly, to 
finance or refinance, in whole or in part, eligible green projects as defined in the relevant Final Terms with 
reference to the relevant framework or sections thereof to be published on the Issuer's website. 
The framework will describe, in addition to the eligibility criteria, the management of proceeds, the reporting and 
the external reviews (second party opinion and verification) applicable for the relevant Notes. 
In relation to social Notes, and as further described in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer will allocate an amount 
equal or equivalent to the net proceeds of the issuance of the Notes, directly or indirectly, to finance or refinance, in 
whole or in part, eligible social projects as defined in the relevant Final Terms with reference to the relevant 
framework or sections thereof published on the Issuer's website. 
The framework will describe, in addition to the eligibility criteria, the management of proceeds, the reporting and 
the external reviews (second party opinion and verification) applicable for the relevant Notes. 
In relation to sustainability Notes, and as further described in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer will allocate an 
amount equal or equivalent to the net proceeds of the issuance of the Notes, directly or indirectly, to finance or 
refinance, in whole or in part, eligible sustainable projects as defined in the relevant Final Terms with reference to 
the relevant framework or sections thereof to be published on the Issuer's website. 
The framework will describe, in addition to the eligibility criteria, the management of proceeds, the reporting and 
the external reviews (second party opinion and verification) applicable for the relevant Notes.

--- Page 117 ---
A50482058 
117 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS  
 
 
 
2023 First-Quarter Sales 
Press release – Paris, April 26, 2023 
 
 
Strong start to the year 
Consistently delivering on Renew Danone  
 
 
▪ Net sales of €6,962m in the first quarter, up +11.6% on a reported basis and +10.5% on a like-for-like (LFL) 
basis, with price up +10.3% and volume/mix up +0.2%; proforma volume/mix up +1.1% excluding EDP 
Russia 
▪ Strong start to the year, with all geographies and categories contributing to LFL sales growth: 
o +6.2% in Europe driven by France, UK and Poland; further progress on EDP portfolio transformation 
o +11.8% in North America led by a continued strong and balanced momentum across segments 
o +16.0% in China, North Asia & Oceania with double-digit growth in all three categories 
o +12.6% in Latin America, led by Mexico and Brazil with resilient volumes 
o +11.8% in Rest of the World, notably supported by favorable calendar effects 
▪ 2023 guidance upgrade: like-for-like sales growth now expected between +4 and +6%; moderate 
improvement in recurring operating margin confirmed 
 
Antoine de Saint-Affrique – CEO statement 
 
“This first quarter showed a strong start to year 2023, with sales up +10.5% on a like-for-like basis, supported 
by strong pricing and resilient volume/mix, up +0.2% compared to last year. This performance was driven 
by all our categories and geographies, and notably the North America and CNAO zones, but also 
supported by favorable phasing.  
 
This quarter again, we consistently delivered against the pillars of our Renew Danone strategy, further 
improving the quality of our execution, and investing behind our winning brands and platforms, while 
continuing to streamline and improve our portfolio. 
 
While this is encouraging progress, there is still much to be done. We remain fully focused on delivering on 
our Renew Danone agenda, setting a solid base for long term sustainable value creation.”

--- Page 118 ---
A50482058 
118 
 
€ million 
except % 
Q1 
2022 
Q1 
2023 
Reported  
change 
LFL sales  
growth 
Volume/mix  
growth 
 
BY GEOGRAPHICAL ZONE 
 
 
 
 
 
Europe 
2,142 
2,248 
+4.9% 
+6.2% 
-4.0% 
North America 1 
1,477 
1,714 
+16.0% 
+11.8% 
+0.8% 
China, North Asia & Oceania 2 
735 
824 
+12.1% 
+16.0% 
+14.3% 
Latin America 3 
602 
689 
+14.6% 
+12.6% 
-0.1% 
Rest of the World 
1,280 
1,486 
+16.2% 
+11.8% 
-1.1% 
 
BY CATEGORY 
 
 
 
 
 
EDP 
3,365 
3,768 
+12.0% 
+9.3% 
-3.2% 
Specialized Nutrition 
1,919 
2,143 
+11.6% 
+12.0% 
+5.4% 
Waters 
951 
1,051 
+10.5% 
+12.0% 
+2.5% 
  
 
 
 
 
 
TOTAL 
6,236 
6,962 
+11.6% 
+10.5% 
+0.2% 
 
I. 2023 FIRST-QUARTER SALES 
 
In the first quarter of 2023, consolidated sales stood at €6,962m, up +10.5% on a like-for-like basis, with a 
+10.3% contribution from price and a +0.2% contribution from volume/mix. On a reported basis, sales 
increased by +11.6%, benefiting notably from a slightly positive Forex impact of +0.7%, and a positive 
effect of +1.4% coming from the contribution of hyperinflation. Reported sales were also impacted by a 
negative scope impact of -0.6%, resulting from the deconsolidation of the Waters business in Argentina. 
 
Performance by operating segment 
 
All geographies contributed to the strong start to the year. In Europe, sales were up +6.2% sale on a like-
for-like basis, driven by +10.2% growth in price and -4.0% in volume/mix. Growth was led by France, UK and 
Poland, and by the good performance of Danone, Actimel, Alpro, evian and Aptamil. In parallel, 
European countries continued to progress on the transformation of the EDP portfolio. In North America, the 
strong and balanced growth momentum continued, supported by consistent investments and execution: 
sales were up +11.8% on a like-for-like basis, driven by +11.0% growth in price and +0.8% growth in 
volume/mix, led by Oikos and Activia in Yogurt, and by International Delight and Stok in Coffee creations, 
while Plant-based delivered moderate growth on a high base. China, North Asia & Oceania posted sales 
growth of +16.0% on a like-for-like basis, led by +1.7% growth in price and +14.3% growth in volume/mix. In 
China, Infant Nutrition experienced a strong start to the year fueled by higher shipments, while Adult and 
Pediatric Specialties both grew well into double digits. In Waters, Mizone showed an encouraging start to 
the year, amid improving operating conditions, while in EDP, Japan delivered another quarter of double-
digit growth, led by Oikos and Danone. Latin America posted sales growth of +12.6% on a like-for-like 
basis, led by Mexico and Brazil, with a +12.7% increase in price and a -0.1% decline in volume/mix. Dairy 
performance was sustained by Danone, Activia, Danette and YoPro brands, while Waters growth was 
driven by the good momentum of Bonafont, especially in small formats and Aquadrinks. Rest of the World 
registered sales growth of +11.8%, with price up +12.9% and volume/mix down -1.1%. Volume/mix growth 
was positive in the quarter excluding EDP Russia, benefitting notably from calendar effects. South-East Asia 
delivered mid-teens growth on a low base, sustained by both Waters and Specialized Nutrition.  
 
 
1United States and Canada; 2China, Japan, Australia and New Zealand; 3Mexico, Brazil, Argentina and Uruguay 
All references in this document to Like-for-like (LFL) changes, Recurring operating income and margin and Recurring net income correspond to financial 
indicators not defined in IFRS. Their definitions, as well as their reconciliation with financial statements, are listed on page 5

--- Page 119 ---
A50482058 
119 
 
Performance by geography and category  
 
Q1 2023 
Europe 
North America 
China/North 
Asia/Oceania 
AMEA, CIS & Latin 
America 
Total 
Net sales 
(€m) 
LFL sales 
growth (%) 
Net sales 
(€m) 
LFL sales 
growth (%) 
Net sales 
(€m) 
LFL sales 
growth (%) 
Net sales 
(€m) 
LFL sales 
growth (%) 
Net sales 
(€m) 
LFL sales 
growth (%) 
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
EDP 
1,067 
+5.3% 
1,567 
+11.8% 
85 
+19.5% 
1,049 
+8.6% 
3,768 
+9.3% 
Specialized Nutrition 
752 
+2.5% 
86 
+6.7% 
609 
+15.2% 
696 
+22.1% 
2,143 
+12.0% 
Waters 
429 
+16.1% 
61 
+19.2% 
131 
+17.4% 
430 
+6.0% 
1,051 
+12.0% 
Total Company 
2,248 
+6.2% 
1,714 
+11.8% 
824 
+16.0% 
2,176 
+12.0% 
6,962 
+10.5% 
 
II. 2023 GUIDANCE UPGRADE 
 
Like-for-like sales growth now expected between +4 and +6%, versus +3 to +5% previously, with moderate 
recurring operating margin improvement confirmed. 
 
III. MAJOR DEVELOPMENTS OVER THE PERIOD 
 
▪ 
March 15, 2023: Danone announced that Sanjiv Mehta has been proposed as an independent 
member of Danone’s Board of Directors. If approved at Danone’s Shareholders’ Meeting on April 27, 
2023, the appointment will mark the full renewal of the Board. Mehta is currently CEO and Managing 
Director of Hindustan Unilever Limited (HUL), a role he will leave on June 26, 2023. If approved, he will 
join Danone’s Board effective July 1, 2023. 
 
▪ 
April 24, 2023: Danone announced its intention to call its redemption option for the outstanding €750m 
of its hybrid bond issued in 2017. The redemption date is set for June 23, 2023. 
VI. NEW FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE  
Financial disclosure 
 
Danone’s external reporting has been adjusted to reflect the organizational changes. Starting from Q1 
2023, the company reports its key indicators (net sales, like-for-like sales growth, recurring operating 
income and recurring operating margin) along five adjusted operating segments: 
▪ 
Europe, which includes Ukraine (was previously part of Rest of the World zone); 
▪ 
North America, which includes the United States and Canada (unchanged); 
▪ 
China, North Asia, Oceania (unchanged); 
▪ 
Latin America (was previously part of Rest of the World zone); 
▪ 
Rest of the World, which includes AMEA (Asia, Middle East including Turkey, Africa) and CIS. 
The global category reporting remains unchanged, and Danone continues to report performance, on 
both net sales and recurring operating income and margin, for EDP, Specialized Nutrition and Waters. 
 
Like-For-Like definition 
 
All countries with hyperinflationary economies are now included in our like-for-like changes. However, in 
order to limit the distorting effect of hyperinflation, net sales growth in excess of around 26% per year are 
excluded from like-for-like net sales growth calculation in hyperinflationary economies. Indeed, a three-
year average at 26% would generally trigger hyperinflation as defined by IFRS rules. 
 
2022 figures restated by new operating segments and new LFL methodology

--- Page 120 ---
A50482058 
120 
 
 
 
First quarter  
2022 
Second quarter  
2022 
Third quarter  
2022 
Fourth quarter  
2022 
Full Year  
2022 
 
Like-for-like 
change 
Volume/mi
x change 
Like-for-
like 
change 
Volume/mi
x change 
Like-for-
like 
change 
Volume/mi
x change 
Like-for-
like 
change 
Volume/mi
x change 
Like-for-
like 
change 
Volume/mi
x change 
BY GEOGRAPHICAL 
ZONE 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Europe 
+5.2% 
+2.4% 
+4.2% 
-0.7% 
+5.4% 
-2.7% 
+3.6% 
-6.4% 
+4.6% 
-1.9% 
North America 
+5.5% 
+1.3% 
+8.9% 
+2.0% 
+11.2% 
+1.0% 
+9.7% 
-2.1% 
+8.9% 
+0.5% 
China, North Asia & 
Oceania 
+15.3% 
+13.2% 
+3.3% 
+4.3% 
+6.8% 
+5.2% 
+3.4% 
2.1% 
+6.7% 
+4.9% 
Latin America 
+9.7% 
+1.4% 
+15.7% 
+1.2% 
+18.1% 
+4.0% 
+15.1% 
-4.4% 
+14.7% 
+0.5% 
Rest of the World 
+5.5% 
-1.4% 
+8.5% 
+0.4% 
+8.1% 
-6.7% 
+4.8% 
-5.5% 
+6.7% 
-3.3% 
BY CATEGORY 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
EDP 
+3.8% 
-1.5% 
+5.6% 
-2.1% 
+6.1% 
-4.8% 
+7.5% 
-6.9% 
+5.8% 
-3.9% 
Specialized Nutrition 
+9.0% 
+5.2% 
+10.4% 
+8.0% 
+11.5% 
+1.7% 
+6.5% 
+1.3% 
+9.3% 
+3.6% 
Waters 
+14.1% 
+11.5% 
+5.1% 
-1.6% 
+10.8% 
+5.3% 
+0.9% 
-4.5% 
+7.5% 
+2.4% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total 
+6.8% 
+2.4% 
+6.9% 
+1.0% 
+8.5% 
-1.0% 
+6.2% 
-4.0% 
+7.1% 
-0.6% 
 
 
Q1 2022 
Europe 
North America 
China/North 
Asia/Oceania 
AMEA, CIS & Latin 
America 
Total 
Net sales 
(€m) 
LFL sales 
growth (%) 
Net sales 
(€m) 
LFL sales 
growth (%) 
Net sales 
(€m) 
LFL sales 
growth (%) 
Net sales 
(€m) 
LFL sales 
growth (%) 
Net sales 
(€m) 
LFL sales 
growth (%) 
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
EDP 
1,041 
-0.3% 
1,351 
+5.1% 
77 
+4.0% 
896 
+6.9% 
3,365 
+3.8% 
Specialized Nutrition 
743 
+9.6% 
77 
+4.7% 
543 
+21.5% 
557 
-0.7% 
1,919 
+9.0% 
Waters 
358 
+14,4% 
49 
+17.7% 
115 
-1.2% 
429 
+18.5% 
951 
+14.1% 
Total Company 
2,142 
+5.2% 
1,477 
+5.5% 
735 
+15.3% 
1,881 
+6.7% 
6,236 
+6.8% 
 
Q2 2022 
Europe 
North America 
China/North 
Asia/Oceania 
AMEA, CIS & Latin 
America 
Total 
Net sales 
(€m) 
LFL sales 
growth (%) 
Net sales 
(€m) 
LFL sales 
growth (%) 
Net sales 
(€m) 
LFL sales 
growth (%) 
Net sales 
(€m) 
LFL sales 
growth (%) 
Net sales 
(€m) 
LFL sales 
growth (%) 
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
EDP 
1,046 
-0.2% 
1,500 
+7.7% 
89 
+14.3% 
1,049 
+8.8% 
3,684 
+5.6% 
Specialized Nutrition 
742 
+7.3% 
97 
+23.0% 
617 
+9.7% 
649 
+13.4% 
2,106 
+10.4% 
Waters 
501 
+9.4% 
65 
+18.8% 
230 
-13.6% 
482 
+10.5% 
1,277 
+5.1% 
Total Company 
2,289 
+4.2% 
1,662 
+8.9% 
936 
+3.3% 
2,180 
+10.5% 
7,067 
+6.9% 
 
Q3 2022 
Europe 
North America 
China/North 
Asia/Oceania 
AMEA, CIS & Latin 
America 
Total 
Net sales 
(€m) 
LFL sales 
growth (%) 
Net sales 
(€m) 
LFL sales 
growth (%) 
Net sales 
(€m) 
LFL sales 
growth (%) 
Net sales 
(€m) 
LFL sales 
growth (%) 
Net sales 
(€m) 
LFL sales 
growth (%) 
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
EDP 
1,016 
+1.2% 
1,610 
+8.3% 
89 
+14.7% 
1,147 
+7.8% 
3,862 
+6.1% 
Specialized Nutrition 
738 
+8.9% 
130 
+52.2% 
611 
+5.3% 
655 
+15.4% 
2,134 
+11.5% 
Waters 
516 
+9.2% 
73 
+26.3% 
239 
+7.6% 
510 
+12.5% 
1,338 
+10.8% 
Total Company 
2,270 
+5.4% 
1,813 
+11.2% 
940 
+6.8% 
2,311 
+11.0% 
7,334 
+8.5%

--- Page 121 ---
A50482058 
121 
 
 
 
Q4 2022 
Europe 
North America 
China/North 
Asia/Oceania 
AMEA, CIS & Latin 
America 
Total 
Net sales 
(€m) 
LFL sales 
growth (%) 
Net sales 
(€m) 
LFL sales 
growth (%) 
Net sales 
(€m) 
LFL sales 
growth (%) 
Net sales 
(€m) 
LFL sales 
growth (%) 
Net sales 
(€m) 
LFL sales 
growth (%) 
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
EDP 
1,034 
+1.5% 
1,624 
+11.1% 
85 
+15.5% 
1,144 
+8.5% 
3,887 
+7.5% 
Specialized Nutrition 
753 
+7.7% 
72 
-17.6% 
659 
+3.7% 
664 
+11.7% 
2,147 
+6.5% 
Waters 
382 
+1.5% 
64 
+12.8% 
72 
-10.3% 
454 
+1.1% 
972 
+0.9% 
Total Company 
2,169 
+3.6% 
1,759 
+9.7% 
817 
+3.4% 
2,261 
+7.8% 
7,007 
+6.2% 
 
FY 2022 
Europe 
North America 
China/North 
Asia/Oceania 
AMEA, CIS & Latin 
America 
Total 
Net sales 
(€m) 
LFL sales 
growth (%) 
Net sales 
(€m) 
LFL sales 
growth (%) 
Net sales 
(€m) 
LFL sales 
growth (%) 
Net sales 
(€m) 
LFL sales 
growth (%) 
Net sales 
(€m) 
LFL sales 
growth (%) 
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
EDP 
4,137 
+0.6% 
6,085 
+8.1% 
340 
+12.4% 
4,237 
+8.0% 
14,799 
+5.8% 
Specialized Nutrition 
2,977 
+8.3% 
376 
+15.6% 
2,431 
+9.3% 
2,535 
+9.7% 
8,319 
+9.3% 
Waters 
1,757 
+8.5% 
251 
+19.0% 
656 
-4.4% 
1,879 
+10.2% 
4,543 
+7.5% 
Total Company 
8,871 
+4.6% 
6,712 
+8.9% 
3,428 
+6.7% 
8,651 
+9.0% 
27,661 
+7.1% 
 
VII. IFRS STANDARDS AND FINANCIAL INDICATORS NOT DEFINED IN IFRS  
 
IAS 29: impact on reported data 
 
All necessary conditions have been reached (including 3-year cumulative rate of inflation for consumer 
prices exceeding the 100% threshold reached during the first half 2022) to now consider Turkey as 
“hyperinflationary” as defined by IFRS rules and therefore that IAS 29 rule related to Financial Reporting in 
Hyperinflationary Economies becomes applicable to the country. Consequently, Danone applies IAS 29 in 
Turkey with an effective date of January 1st, 2022.  
 
Adoption of IAS 29 in hyperinflationary countries requires its non-monetary assets and liabilities and its 
income statement to be restated to reflect the changes in the general pricing power of its functional 
currency, leading to a gain or loss on the net monetary position included in the net income. Moreover, its 
financial statements are converted into euros using the closing exchange rate of the relevant period. 
 
  IAS29: impact on reported data 
  € million except % 
Q1 2023 
  Sales  
-6.4 
  Sales growth (%) 
-0.09% 
 
Financial indicators not defined in IFRS 
 
Due to rounding, the sum of values presented may differ from totals as reported. Such differences are not 
material.  
 
Like-for-like changes in sales, recurring operating income and recurring operating margin reflect 
Danone's organic performance and essentially exclude the impact of:  
▪ 
changes in consolidation scope, with indicators related to a given fiscal year calculated on the 
basis of previous-year scope; 
▪ 
changes in applicable accounting principles;  
▪ 
changes in exchange rates with both previous-year and current-year indicators calculated using 
the same exchange rates (the exchange rate used is a projected annual rate determined by 
Danone for the current year and applied to both previous and current years).

--- Page 122 ---
A50482058 
122 
 
All countries with hyperinflationary economies are included in the like-for-like changes as follows: the net 
sales growth of those hyperinflationary countries in excess of around 26% per year (a three-year average 
at 26% would generally trigger hyperinflation as defined by IFRS rules) are excluded from like-for-like net 
sales growth calculation for those countries. 
 
Bridge from reported data to like-for-like data  
 
(€ million except %) 
Q1 2022 
Like-for-like 
change 
Impact of 
changes 
in scope of 
consolidatio
n  
Impact of 
changes in 
exchange 
rates & 
others incl. 
IAS 29 
Hyperinflatio
n 
contribution 
Reported 
change 
Q1 2023 
 
 
Sales 
6,236 
+10.5% 
-0.6% 
+0.4% 
+1.4% 
+11.6% 
6,962 
 
Recurring operating income is defined as Danone’s operating income excluding Other operating income 
and expenses. Other operating income and expenses comprise items that, because of their significant or 
unusual nature, cannot be viewed as inherent to Danone’s recurring activity and have limited predictive 
value, thus distorting the assessment of its recurring operating performance and its evolution. These mainly 
include: 
▪ 
capital gains and losses on disposals of fully consolidated companies; 
▪ 
impairment charges on intangible assets with indefinite useful lives; 
▪ 
costs related to strategic restructurings or transformation plans; 
▪ 
costs related to major external growth transactions; 
▪ 
costs related to major crisis and major litigations; 
▪ 
in connection with IFRS 3 (Revised) and IAS 27 (Revised) relating to business combinations, (i) 
acquisition costs related to business combinations, (ii) revaluation profit or loss accounted for 
following a loss of control, and (iii) changes in earn-outs relating to business combinations and 
subsequent to acquisition date. 
Recurring operating margin is defined as Recurring operating income over Sales ratio. 
 
o o O o o 
 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
This press release contains certain forward-looking statements concerning Danone. In some cases, you 
can identify these forward-looking statements by forward-looking words, such as “estimate”, “expect”, 
“anticipate”, “project”, “plan”, “intend”, “objective”, “believe”, “forecast”, “guidance”, “foresee”, 
“likely”, “may”, “should”, “goal”, “target”, “might”, “will”, “could”, “predict”, “continue”, “convinced” 
and “confident,” the negative or plural of these words and other comparable terminology. Forward 
looking statements in this document include, but are not limited to, predictions of future activities, 
operations, direction, performance and results of Danone.  
 
Although Danone believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions, these forward-looking 
statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ 
materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. For a detailed description of these 
risks and uncertainties, please refer to the “Risk Factor” section of Danone’s Universal Registration 
Document (the current version of which is available at www.danone.com).  
 
Subject to regulatory requirements, Danone does not undertake to publicly update or revise any of these 
forward-looking statements. This document does not constitute an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer 
to buy Danone securities

--- Page 123 ---
A50482058 
123 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Summary of Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 
3 May 2023 (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the “Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement”) 
between Danone, the Permanent Dealers and the Arranger, the Notes will be offered on a continuous basis to the 
Permanent Dealers. The Issuer has reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not 
Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of 
such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, 
acting as agents of the Issuer. The Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in 
syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
Danone will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed by it 
unless otherwise agreed. Danone has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for certain of its expenses incurred in 
connection with the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the Programme.  
Danone has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the 
Notes. The Dealers have agreed to indemnify Danone against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and 
sale of the Notes. The Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement 
that they make to subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the 
Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions 
European Economic Area  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. 
For the purposes of these provisions:  
(i) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (“MiFID 
II”); or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended (the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(c) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
(ii) the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Notes. 
This EEA selling restriction is in addition to any other selling restrictions set out below.

--- Page 124 ---
A50482058 
124 
 
France 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it has only offered or sold and will only offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any 
Notes in France to, and it has only distributed or caused to be distributed and will only distribute or cause to be 
distributed in France, the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the 
Notes to qualified investors as defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the “Securities Act”) and the Notes may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities 
Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Materialised Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that, except as permitted by the Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or, in the 
case of Materialised Notes, deliver the Notes of any identifiable Tranche, (i) as part of their distribution at any time 
or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after completion of the distribution of such Tranche, within the United States or to, 
or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the 
distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the 
Notes within the United States or to, or for the account of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable Tranche of Notes, an offer or 
sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering of such Notes) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). 
For the purposes of these provisions: 
(i) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or

--- Page 125 ---
A50482058 
125 
 
(c) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(ii) the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than 
to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will 
acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the 
Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 
21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which 
section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and  
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done 
by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Italy  
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes in the Republic of Italy (“Italy”) and that 
copies of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the offering of the Notes have not and will not be 
distributed in Italy, except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation; 
or 
(b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of the 
Prospectus Regulation and/or, to the extent applicable, Article 100 of Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 
February 1998 (the “Consolidated Financial Services Act”), Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 
11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended from time to time, and the Italian laws. 
Moreover, and subject to the foregoing, any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base 
Prospectus or any other document relating to the offering of the Notes in Italy under (a) or (b) above must be: 
a. 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in Italy in 
accordance with the Consolidated Financial Services Act, Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, 
as amended from time to time (the “Banking Act”) and CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 
15 February 2018, as amended from time to time; and

--- Page 126 ---
A50482058 
126 
 
b. 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the 
Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the 
Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) and/or 
any other Italian authority.  
Any investor purchasing the Notes in this offering is exclusively responsible for ensuring that any offer or resale of 
the Notes it purchased in this offering occurs in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.  
Belgium 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to, “consumers” (consumenten/consommateurs) within the meaning of the Belgian Code 
of Economic Law (Wetboek van economisch recht/Code de droit économique), as amended. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”). Accordingly, each of the 
Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and shall not, directly or indirectly, offer or 
sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any 
person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to others 
for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan except 
pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with the Financial 
Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant laws, ministerial guidelines and regulations of Japan. 
Hong Kong 
This Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms have not been approved by or registered with the Securities 
and Futures Commission of Hong Kong or the Registrar of Companies of Hong Kong. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that: 
(a)  
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Notes 
(except for Notes which are a “structured product” within the meaning of the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong) other than (i) to professional investors as defined in the Securities and 
Futures Ordinance and any rules made under that Ordinance; or (ii) in other circumstances which do not 
result in the document being a prospectus as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous 
Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the 
meaning of that Ordinance; and 
(b)  
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or 
document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or 
read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) 
other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong 
Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance and any rules 
made under that Ordinance.

--- Page 127 ---
A50482058 
127 
 
People’s Republic of China (PRC)  
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree, the offer of the Notes is not an offer of securities within the meaning of 
the securities laws of the PRC or other pertinent laws and regulations of the PRC and the Notes have not been 
offered or sold and may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in the PRC (for such purposes, not including 
the Hong Kong and Macau Special Administrative Regions or Taiwan), except as permitted by the laws of the 
PRC. 
Further, no PRC persons may directly or indirectly purchase any of the Notes or any beneficial interest therein 
without obtaining all prior approvals or completing all registrations or filings that are required from PRC 
regulators, whether statutorily or otherwise. Persons who come into possession of this document are required by 
the Dealer and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme to observe these restrictions. 
Singapore  
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to 
be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the 
Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor 
will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or 
sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in 
Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 
of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a 
relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person 
pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, 
or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.  
Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business of 
which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each 
of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each 
beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to 
in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or

--- Page 128 ---
A50482058 
128 
 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the CMP Regulations 2018, 
unless otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant 
persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as 
defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products).  
Switzerland 
This Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the Notes. The 
Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial 
Services Act ("FinSA") and no application has or will be made to admit the Notes to trading on any trading venue 
(exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or 
marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or 
otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of Danone and the Dealers following a change in a 
relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification or supplement will be set out in a supplement to this 
Base Prospectus. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Notes, or possession 
or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any country or 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that it will comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it 
purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, any other 
offering material or any Final Terms and obtain any consent, approval or permission required for the purchase, 
offer or sale of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it makes such purchase, 
offer or sale and neither Danone, or any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefore.

--- Page 129 ---
A50482058 
129 
PRO-FORMA OF THE GUARANTEE  
The undersigned Danone, a public limited liability company (a société anonyme) with a share capital of 
Euro [●] whose head-office is located at 17, boulevard Haussmann, 75009 Paris, France, represented by [●], 
duly authorised to deliver this guarantee (the “Guarantee”) by [●] hereinafter referred to as the “Guarantor” 
or “Danone”, hereby refer to: 
The issuance of Euro Medium Term Notes (the “Notes”) by [●], a company incorporated under the laws of [●], 
whose head-office is located at [●] (the “Substituted Issuer”) under a Euro Medium Term Notes Programme in 
the aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding not exceeding at any time Euro [●],000,000,000 (or the 
equivalent in any other currencies) (the “Programme”), and under which the Substituted Issuer can issue Notes 
in the aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding not exceeding at any time Euro [●] (or the equivalent in 
any other currencies), all in accordance with (i) the terms and conditions (the “Terms and Conditions”) of the 
Notes, (ii) the Agency Agreement dated [●] entered into between Danone as Issuer and [●] as fiscal agent and 
the other agents named in it, as amended from time to time (the “Agency Agreement”) and (iii) the Amended 
and Restated Dealer Agreement dated [●] entered into between Danone as Issuer and the Permanent Dealers 
and the Arranger, as amended from time to time (the “Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement”). The 
Agency Agreement and the Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement are together hereinafter referred to as 
the “Agreements”. 
The Guarantor hereby declares being fully aware of all the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the Agreements 
and the Programme. 
The Guarantor hereby irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees up to a maximum outstanding principal 
amount of Euro [●] (or the equivalent in any other currencies) to the holders of the Notes issued by the 
Substituted Issuer under the Programme (collectively the “Noteholders” and individually a “Noteholder”) the 
due payment of interest and principal of the Notes, when and as the same becomes due and payable (including 
any additional amounts required to be paid pursuant to the terms of the Notes) by the Substituted Issuer, 
whether at maturity, upon redemption by acceleration of maturity or otherwise, at the first written demand from 
any Noteholder. The Guarantor thus undertakes to pay any sum due under the Notes and unpaid by the 
Substituted Issuer in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes at the first written demand from 
any Noteholder. 
The Guarantor shall be liable under this Guarantee as if it was the sole principal issuer under the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes issued by the Substituted Issuer. The Guarantor hereby waives any requirement that the 
Noteholder, in the event of any default in payment by the Substituted Issuer, seeks to enforce remedies against 
the Substituted Issuer before seeking to enforce this Guarantee. 
This Guarantee shall enter into force from the date of its signature and shall remain fully valid until there are no 
more outstanding Notes issued by the Substituted Issuer under the Programme. 
Any delay, provided that it has not resulted from an administrative error or a technical or operational problem, 
unless such administrative error or technical or operational problem has not been cured within 15 days, between 
the due date of the amounts (as stated in the Noteholder(s)’ payment demand) owed by the Guarantor to the

--- Page 130 ---
A50482058 
130 
 
Noteholders and their effective payment date shall automatically bear a rate of interest equal to Euribor one 
month1 plus a margin of 1 per cent. 
The Guarantee shall remain valid even in the case where the Guarantor would no longer hold the original level 
of its participation in the share capital and/or the voting rights of the Substituted Issuer. In addition, it is hereby 
expressly agreed that any modification in the legal situation of the Guarantor, whatsoever, shall not release the 
Guarantor from its obligations under the present Guarantee, especially in case of merger, the absorbing entity or 
the new entity shall endorse the present undertakings with regard to the merger agreement and in case of split, 
the beneficiaries of the contributions resulting of such split shall endorse jointly and severally the Guarantor’s 
undertakings. 
For so long as any amount remains payable in respect of the Notes, the Guarantor will not exercise any right of 
subrogation against the Substituted Issuer pursuant to this Guarantee or take any other action that would result 
in asserting claims of the Guarantor at the same time as claims of the Noteholders. 
If French law should require that payments of principal or interest in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon be 
subject to deduction or withholding in respect of any taxes or duties whatsoever, the Guarantor will, to the 
fullest extent then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders 
or, if applicable, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders, as the case may be, of such amounts as would have 
been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional 
amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note, Receipt or Coupon, as the case may be, as indicated in 
Condition 8(b) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee, if any, constitute direct, unconditional and 
unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) 
unsecured obligations of the Guarantor and shall at all times rank (save for certain obligations required to be 
preferred by law) equally and rateably with all other present or future unsecured and unsubordinated financial 
indebtedness of the Guarantor. 
If, at any time when any amount remains payable in respect of the Notes or, if applicable, the receipts or 
coupons relating thereto, the Guarantor shall grant any mortgage, charge, pledge or other security interest 
(sûreté réelle) upon any of its assets or revenues, present or future, to secure any Relevant Indebtedness (as 
defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes), incurred or guaranteed by it, this Guarantee shall be secured 
by the same ranking security. 
The Guarantor hereby represents and warrants to the Noteholders that: 
(i) 
it is incorporated and validly existing under the laws of France and has the power to execute the present 
Guarantee and to perform the obligations expressed in it; 
(ii) 
 all corporate actions to authorize the execution and the performance of the obligations of the present 
Guarantee have been duly taken; 
(iii) 
the execution of this undertaking and the exercise of its obligations under the present Guarantee will not 
conflict with (i) any constitutive document or any rule of the Guarantor; (ii) any material agreement or 
undertaking to which the Guarantor is a party; and (iii) any applicable law, regulation or judicial order; 
 
1  Or, if the Euribor is permanently or indefinitely discontinued, any successor or alternative rate having an equivalent effect.

--- Page 131 ---
A50482058 
131 
 
(iv) 
the obligations expressed to be assumed by the Guarantor under the present Guarantee are legal, valid, 
binding and enforceable obligations in accordance with the terms hereof; and 
(v) 
 no authorization, notification or specific procedure whatsoever is required from any public authority 
whatsoever for the execution of this Guarantee or the performance of Guarantor’s obligations hereunder, 
or the exercise by the Noteholders of their rights hereunder. 
All terms not otherwise defined in the present Guarantee shall have the meaning assigned to them in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes. 
This Guarantee shall be governed by French law. Any dispute arising out of or in connection with, without 
limitation, its validity, interpretation, or performance, shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the 
Commercial Court of Paris (Tribunal de Commerce de Paris). 
Executed in [●], on [●]. 
 
 
For the Guarantor, [●].

--- Page 132 ---
A50482058 
132 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
MIFID 
II 
PRODUCT 
GOVERNANCE 
/ 
PROFESSIONAL 
INVESTORS 
AND 
ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) 
categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 20181, has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as 
defined in Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (“MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.2 
[UK 
MIFIR 
PRODUCT 
GOVERNANCE 
/ 
PROFESSIONAL 
INVESTORS 
AND 
ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) 
categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the 
FCA’s policy statement entitled “Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials”), has led to the conclusion 
that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.3]4 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as 
amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.  
 
1 
Or item 19 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 27 March 2023 as from their application date, which is expected to be in October 2023.  
2 
To be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred 
to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018. 
3 
 To be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred 
to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled “Brexit our 
approach to EU non-legislative materials”). 
4 
The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR 
manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance 
legend or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included.

--- Page 133 ---
A50482058 
133 
 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.  
[SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and 
Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 
2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant 
persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are [prescribed capital markets 
products]/[capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products] (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and [are] [Excluded]/[Specified] Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products).]5 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO CONSUMERS IN BELGIUM – Notes issued under the Programme are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to, “consumers” (consument/consommateur) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law 
(Wetboek van economisch recht/Code de droit économique), as amended. 
 
 
 
5 
For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to Section 309B 
of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.

--- Page 134 ---
A50482058 
134 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
[LOGO, if document is printed] 
Danone 
 
Euro 13,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
for the issue of Notes 
Due from one month from the date of original issue 
SERIES NO: [●] 
TRANCHE NO: [●] 
[Brief description and Amount of Notes] 
issued by Danone (the “Issuer”) 
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)] 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 3 May 2023 which has received approval no. 23-142 from the Autorité des marchés financiers 
(the “AMF”) on 3 May 2023 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●] which has received approval No. [●] from the 
AMF on [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction 
with the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain all the information. The Base Prospectus [and the 
Supplement(s)] [is]/[are] available for viewing on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and of Danone 
(www.danone.com) and printed copies may be obtained from Danone at 17, boulevard Haussmann, 75009 Paris, 
France. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) set 
forth in the [●] EMTN Conditions. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 3 May 2023 which has received approval no. 23-142 from the Autorité 
des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) on 3 May 2023 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●] which has received 
approval no. [●] from the AMF on [●]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”) in order to obtain all relevant information, save in respect of the 
[●] EMTN Conditions. The Base Prospectus [and the Supplement(s)] [is]/[are] available for viewing on the website 
of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and of Danone (www.danone.com) and printed copies may be obtained from 
Danone at 17, boulevard Haussmann, 75009 Paris, France.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should remain 
as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-

--- Page 135 ---
A50482058 
135 
 
paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing the 
Final Terms.] 
1 
Issuer: 
Danone 
2 
 
 
 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(iii) [Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
 
[Not Applicable/The Notes will be assimilated (assimilées) and 
form a single series with the existing [insert description of the 
Series] issued by the Issuer on [insert date] (the “Existing 
Notes”) as from the date of assimilation which is expected to 
be on or about 40 days after the Issue Date (the “Assimilation 
Date”).] 
3 
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
4 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[●] 
 
(i) Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Tranche: 
[●] 
5 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from [insert date] (in the case of fungible issues only if 
applicable)] 
6 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[●] 
7 
 
 
 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8 
Maturity Date:  
[[●] specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest Payment 
Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month and year] 
9 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[specify particular reference rate] +/– [●] per cent. Floating 
Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[CPI Linked Interest] 
[HICP Linked Interest] 
(further particulars specified below) 
10 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, 
the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at [100] per 
cent. of their nominal amount. 
11 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate or floating to 
fixed rate change occurs or refer to paragraphs 14 and 15 
below and identify there] 
12 
Put/Call Options: 
[Put Option]

--- Page 136 ---
A50482058 
136 
 
[Call Option] 
[Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer] 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
[Clean-Up Call Option] 
[Change of Control Put Option] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
13 
 
 
 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
Unsubordinated 
 
(ii) [Date of Board approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
 
[Decision of the Conseil d’administration of Danone dated [●] 
[and [●], respectively]]  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[In respect of Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: from (and including) 
[●] to (but excluding) [●]:] [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable annually / semi-annually / 
quarterly / monthly / other (specify) in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date] 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year [adjusted in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention specified below6] [commencing on [●] and ending 
on [●] / [the Maturity Date]] [specify Business Day Convention 
and any applicable Business Centre(s) for the definition of 
“Business Day”]/not adjusted.] 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]7: 
[●] per Note of [•] Specified Denomination 
 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
[●] payable on the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual ([ICMA] / [ISDA])]/[include any 
other option from the Conditions]] 
 
(vi) Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a long or 
short first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day Count 
Fraction is Actual/Actual-ICMA) 
 
(vii) [Business Day Convention8: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention/other (give 
details)]]  
 
(viii) [Party responsible for calculating 
Interest Amounts (if not the 
Calculation Agent) 9: 
 
 
[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
6 
 RMB Notes only 
7 
 Not applicable for RMB Notes 
8 
RMB Notes only

--- Page 137 ---
A50482058 
137 
 
 
(ix) [Relevant Time10: 
[11.00 a.m./[●] ([Hong Kong/[●]] time)] 
15 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[In respect of Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: from (and including) 
[●] to (but excluding) [●]:] [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(In the event where the benchmark used to calculate the 
interest payable is discontinued, Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) 
provides for a methodology to determine the successor or 
alternative rates) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (iii) below] 
 
(iii) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/Following Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(iv) Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(v) Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
 
[Screen Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(vi) Interest Period Date(s): 
[Not Applicable / Specify dates] 
 
(vii) Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
 
 
 
[●] 
 
(viii) Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
– Reference Rate: 
[CMS 
Rate/EURIBOR/€STR/SARON/SOFR 
Benchmark/ 
SONIA/TONA (or any other reference rate)] 
 
– Relevant Inter-Bank Market: 
[●] 
 
– [Relevant Screen Page Time: 
[●]/Not Applicable]] 
 
– Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[[●]/The date which is [“p”] [London] Business Days prior to 
each Interest Payment Date 11/[TARGET] Business Days in 
[specify city] for [specify currency] prior to [the first day in 
each Interest [Accrual] Period/each Interest Payment Date]  
 
– [Relevant Screen Page: 
[●]] 
[In the case of €STR or SOFR Benchmark, delete this 
 
9 
RMB Notes only  
10 RMB Notes only 
11  Use this first option for SONIA notes. The Interest Determination Date should match the last day of the Observation Period.

--- Page 138 ---
A50482058 
138 
 
paragraph] 
 
– [Relevant Fallback Screen 
Page: 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA)  
[●]] 
 
– Reference Banks: 
[●] 
 
– [€STR 
Rate 
of 
Interest 
Determination: 
(only applicable in the case of €STR)  
[€STR Lookback Compound/€STR Shift Compound]] 
 
– [SOFR 
Rate 
of 
Interest 
Determination:  
(only applicable in the case of SOFR Benchmark)  
[Simple 
SOFR 
Average/Compounded 
Daily 
SOFR/ 
Compounded SOFR Index]] 
 
– [SONIA Rate 
of Interest 
Determination:  
(only applicable in the case of SONIA)  
[SONIA Compounded Index Rate/SONIA Compounded Daily 
Reference Rate [with Observation Shift]/[with Lag] where “p” 
is: [specify number] London Business Days [being no less than 
[●] London Business Days]] 
 
– [TONA 
Rate 
of 
Interest 
Determination: 
(only applicable in the case of TONA)  
[TONA Lookback Compound/TONA Shift Compound]] 
 
– [Observation 
Look-Back 
Period: 
(only applicable in the case of €STR or TONA)  
[[●] TARGET Business Days/Tokyo Banking Days] [Not 
Applicable]] 
 
– [Observation Shift Days: 
(only applicable in the case of €STR, SARON or TONA)  
[[●]/TARGET Business Days/Tokyo Banking Days/Zurich 
Banking Day(s)] [Not Applicable]]  
 
– [Compounded Daily SOFR:  
(only applicable in the case of Compounded Daily SOFR)  
[SOFR 
Lag/SOFR 
Observation 
Shift/SOFR 
Payment 
Delay/SOFR Lockout]]  
 
– [Lookback Days: 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR Lag)  
[Not Applicable/[●] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day(s)]] 
 
– [SOFR 
Observation 
Shift 
Days: 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR Observation Shift or 
Compounded SOFR Index)  
[Not Applicable/[●] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day(s)]] 
 
– [Interest 
Payment 
Delay 
Days: 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR Payment Delay)  
[Not Applicable/[●] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day(s)]] 
 
– [SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date: 
(only applicable in the case of Simple SOFR Average, 
Compounded Daily SOFR: SOFR Payment Delay or 
Compounded Daily SOFR: SOFR Lockout)

--- Page 139 ---
A50482058 
139 
 
[Not Applicable/The day that is the [●] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day(s) prior to the end of each Interest 
Period]] 
 
– [SOFR IndexStart: 
(only applicable in the case of Compounded SOFR Index) 
[Not Applicable/[●] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day(s)]] 
 
– [SOFR IndexEnd 
(only applicable in the case of Compounded SOFR Index)  
[Not Applicable/[●] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day(s)]] 
 
(ix) ISDA Determination: 
 
 
– Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
– Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
– Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
(x) Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) Minimum Rate of Interest12: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) Day Count Fraction: 
[●] 
16 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) Day Count Fraction: 
[●] 
17 
Inflation Linked Notes - Provisions 
relating to CPI or HICP Linked 
Interest: 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP] 
 
(ii) Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
 
 
 
[●] 
 
(iii) Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(iv) Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] 
 
12  In no event shall the applicable rate of interest be less than zero.

--- Page 140 ---
A50482058 
140 
 
 
(v) Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP] Daily Inflation Reference Index applicable on 
[specify date] (amounting to: [●]) 
 
(vi) Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum multiplied by the Inflation Index Ratio  
 
(vii) Day Count Fraction: 
[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note: 
 
[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination 
 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●]  
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●]  
 
(c) 
Notice period: 13 
[[As per the Conditions]/[●]] 
19 
Make-Whole Redemption by the 
Issuer: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Notice period: 14 
[[As per the Conditions]/[●]] 
 
(ii) Reference Security: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Similar Security: 
[●] 
 
(iv) Redemption Margin:  
[●] 
 
(v) Make-Whole Calculation Agent: 
[[Aether Financial Services]/[●]] 
 
(vi) Reference Dealers: 
[[As per Condition 6(c)]/[●]] 
20 
Residual Maturity Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) Call Option Date:  
[●] 
 
(ii) Notice period15:  
[[As per the Conditions]/[●]] 
 
13 If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent.  
14 If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent.

--- Page 141 ---
A50482058 
141 
 
21 
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note: 
 
[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination 
 
(iii) Notice period: 16 
[●] 
22 
Clean-Up Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Clean-Up Percentage: 
[75 per cent. / [●] per cent.] 
 
(ii) Clean-Up Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination 
23 
Change of Control Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
24 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note: 
 
[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination 
 
Inflation Linked Notes – Provisions 
relating to the Final Redemption 
Amount: 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP] 
 
(ii) Final Redemption Amount in 
respect of Inflation Linked Notes: 
 
[Condition 6 (h) applies] 
 
(iii) Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP] Daily Inflation Reference Index applicable on 
[specify date] (amounting to: [●]) 
 
(iv) Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
 
 
 
[●] 
25 
Early Redemption Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note payable on redemption 
for 
taxation 
reasons 
(Condition 6(j)), 
for 
illegality 
(Condition 6(n)) or on event of 
default (Condition 9): 
 
 
 
 
 
[●] per Note of [•] Specified Denomination 
 
(ii) Redemption for taxation reasons 
permitted on days others than 
 
 
 
15 If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent.  
16  If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent.

--- Page 142 ---
A50482058 
142 
 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[Yes/No] 
 
(iii) Unmatured Coupons to become 
void 
upon 
early 
redemption 
(Materialised 
Bearer 
Notes 
only)): 
 
 
 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
26 
Form of Notes: 
[Dematerialised 
Notes/Materialised 
Notes] 
(Materialised 
Notes are only in bearer form and may only be issued outside 
France.) 
 
 
[Delete as appropriate] 
 
(i) 
Form of Dematerialised Notes: 
[Not 
Applicable/specify 
whether 
Bearer 
form 
(au 
porteur)/Administered 
Registered 
form 
(au 
nominatif 
administré)/Fully Registered form (au nominatif pur)] 
 
(ii) Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] [if applicable give name and 
address] (note that a registration agent must be appointed in 
relation to Fully Registered Notes only) 
 
(iii) Temporary Global Certificate: 
[Not Applicable/Temporary Global Certificate exchangeable 
for Definitive Materialised Notes on [●] (the “Exchange 
Date”), being 40 days after the Issue Date subject to 
postponement as specified in the Temporary Global 
Certificate] 
 
(iv) Applicable TEFRA exemption: 
[C Rules/D Rules/Not Applicable] (only applicable to 
Materialised Notes) 
27 
Exclusion 
of 
the 
possibility 
to 
request 
identification 
of 
a 
Noteholder as provided by Condition 
1(a): 
 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
28 
Financial Centre(s) (Condition 7(h)): 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this item relates to the 
date of payment, and not the end dates of interest period for 
the purposes of calculating the amount of interest to which 
items 14 (ii) and 15(iv) relates] 
29 
Talons 
for 
future 
Coupons 
or 
Receipts to be attached to Definitive 
Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
 
 
 
[Yes/No. If yes, give details] 
30 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(i) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Instalment Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(iii) Minimum Instalment Amount: 
[●] 
 
(iv) Maximum Instalment Amount: 
[●] 
31 
Redenomination provision: 
[Not Applicable/The provision [in Condition 1(d)] apply]

--- Page 143 ---
A50482058 
143 
 
32 
Purchase 
in 
accordance 
with 
applicable 
French 
laws 
and 
regulations: 
 
 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
33 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 14(b)] apply] 
34 
Masse (Condition 11): 
Name and address of the Representative: [●] 
[Name and address of the alternate Representative: [●]] 
[The Representative will receive no remuneration/The 
Representative will receive a remuneration of [●]] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [(Relevant third party 
information) has been extracted from (specify source). [The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by (specify 
source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
 
Signed on behalf of Danone: 
 
By: 
............................................ 
 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 144 ---
A50482058 
144 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [Euronext 
Paris/specify relevant regulated market] with effect from 
[●].] [Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
[Euronext Paris/specify relevant regulated market]] with 
effect from [●].] [Not Applicable] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading)  
(ii) Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading:  
[●] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Notes to be issued [have been/are 
expected to be] rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings 
assigned to Notes of this type issued under the Programme 
generally]: 
[S & P: [●]] 
[Moody’s: [●]] 
[[Other]: [●]] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, 
that rating) 
(Include appropriate Credit Rating Agency Regulation 
(Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as amended) disclosure) 
[Insert one (or more) of the following options, as applicable: 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established [in the 
European Union] and [has/have each] applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as 
amended), although notification of the corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided by the 
relevant competent authority.] [[Insert credit rating 
agency/ies] [[is/are] [not]] established in the United 
Kingdom and [[is/are] [not]] registered in accordance with 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of the 
United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”) (the “UK

--- Page 145 ---
A50482058 
145 
 
CRA Regulation”). [However, the ratings assigned to the 
Notes [has/have] been endorsed by [Insert UK credit rating 
agency/ies], [respectively,] in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation and [has/have] not been withdrawn. As such, the 
ratings issued by [each of] [Insert credit rating agency/ies] 
may be used for regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom 
in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.]] 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established [in the 
European Union] and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 (as amended).]] [[Insert credit rating agency/ies] 
[[is/are] [not]] established in the United Kingdom and 
[[is/are] [not]] registered in accordance with Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of the United Kingdom 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the “EUWA”) (the “UK CRA Regulation”). 
[However, the ratings assigned to the Notes [has/have] been 
endorsed by [Insert UK credit rating agency/ies], 
[respectively,] in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation 
and [has/have] not been withdrawn. As such, the ratings 
issued by [each of] [Insert credit rating agency/ies] may be 
used for regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.]] 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] not established [in 
the European Union] and [has/have each] not applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as 
amended).]] [[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [[is/are] [not]] 
established in the United Kingdom and [[is/are] [not]] 
registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of the United Kingdom domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the “EUWA”) (the “UK CRA Regulation”). [However, 
the ratings assigned to the Notes [has/have] been endorsed 
by [Insert UK credit rating agency/ies], [respectively,] in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and [has/have] not 
been withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by [each of] 
[Insert credit rating agency/ies] may be used for regulatory 
purposes in the United Kingdom in accordance with the UK 
CRA Regulation.]]

--- Page 146 ---
A50482058 
146 
 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER] 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of 
the statement below): 
“Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale”], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the 
offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and 
may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may 
perform other services for, the Issuer and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business” (Amend as 
appropriate if there are other interests)] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation)] 
4. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue 
Price. It is not an indication of future yield] 
5. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
 
[●]/[The net proceeds will be used for the Issuer’s general 
corporate 
purposes.]/[The 
Notes 
constitute 
[green/social/sustainability] Notes and the net proceeds will 
be used to finance or re-finance [describe specific Eligible 
Projects and/or availability of any relevant framework, second 
party opinion together with the related hypertext links and/or 
other relevant information where such information can be 
obtained, etc.]] 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds:  
 
[●] 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to 
split out and present in order of priority. If proceeds 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses state amount and sources 
of other funding) 
6. 
[Floating Rate Notes only – PERFORMANCE OF RATES 
(i) 
Details of performance of [EURIBOR/CMS Rate/€STR/SARON/SOFR Benchmark/SONIA/TONA
replicate other as specified in the Conditions] rates can be obtained [but not] free of charge from 
[Reuters/other] 
(ii) [Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to [●] which is provided by [●]. As at 
[●], [●] [appears/does not appear] on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended) (the “Benchmarks Regulation”). As far as the 
Issuer is aware, [[●] does not fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of 
that regulation] / [the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply], such that 
[•] is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the European 
Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).]].

--- Page 147 ---
A50482058 
147 
 
7. 
[Inflation Linked Notes only – PERFORMANCE OF INDEX AND OTHER INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE UNDERLYING 
(i) 
Name of underlying index: [Consumer Price Index excluding tobacco for all households in 
metropolitan France (“CPI”) as calculated and published [[monthly] / [●]] by the Institut National de 
la Statistique et des Etudes Economiques.] / [Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices excluding tobacco 
measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union excluding tobacco (“HICP”) as
calculated and published [[monthly / [●]] by Eurostat.] 
(ii) 
Information about the Index, its volatility and where past and future performances can be obtained, 
[but not free of charge], from: [●]/ [give details of electronic means of obtaining the details of 
volatility and performance]. 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be reported and 
where it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information].] 
 
8. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN: 
[●] 
Common Code: 
[●] 
Depositaries: 
(i) 
Euroclear France to act as Central 
Depositary: 
[Yes/No] 
(ii) 
Common Depositary for Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking, S.A.: 
[Yes/No] 
Any 
clearing 
system(s) 
other 
than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking, 
S.A. 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
9. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
(A) Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names]  
(Include names of entities agreeing to underwrite the issue 
on a firm commitment basis and names of the entities 
agreeing to place the issue without a firm commitment or on 
a “best efforts” basis if such entities are not the same as the 
Managers. Where not all of the issue is underwritten, include 
a statement of the portion not covered.) 
(B) Stabilisation Manager(s) if 
any: 
[Not Applicable/give name(s)]

--- Page 148 ---
A50482058 
148 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name and 
address of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
US Selling Restrictions 
(Categories of potential 
investors to which the Notes are 
offered): 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2 applies to the Notes;  
[TEFRA C / TEFRA D / TEFRA not applicable]

--- Page 149 ---
A50482058 
149 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1) 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in its capacity as competent authority pursuant to the 
Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval 
shall not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject 
of this Base Prospectus. And investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in 
the Notes. 
(2) 
This Base Prospectus will be valid for a period of twelve (12) months until 3 May 2024 provided that it is 
completed by any supplement, pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, following the occurrence 
of a significant new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the information included 
(including information incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment 
of the Notes. After such date, the Base Prospectus will expire and the obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will no longer 
apply. Application may be made to list and admit the Notes to trading on Euronext Paris and/or on any other 
Regulated Market in a Member State of the EEA, as the case may be.  
In compliance with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation, application may also be made for the 
notification of certificate of approval to any competent authority of any Member State of the EEA. 
(3) 
Danone has obtained all necessary corporate and other consents, approvals and authorisations in the 
Republic of France in connection with the update of the Programme. Any drawdown of Notes under the 
Programme, to the extent that such Notes constitute obligations, requires the prior authorisation of (i) the 
Conseil d’administration of Danone or (ii) the Ordinary General Meeting of the Issuer’s shareholders if 
(a) the statuts of the Issuer so require (at the date hereof the statuts of Danone do not require a resolution of 
the Ordinary General Meeting) or (b) the shareholders at an Ordinary General Meeting decide to authorise 
an issue of obligations, all pursuant to Article L.228-40 of the French Code de commerce. 
On 21 February 2023, the Conseil d’administration of Danone has renewed its consent to issue Notes for a 
duration of one (1) year, pursuant to Article L.228-40 of the French Code de commerce and has delegated to 
the Directeur Général, Mr. Juergen Esser, Mr. Yves Pellegrino and Mrs. Florence Saliba, all powers to issue 
Notes and to determine their terms and conditions (such authority to expire one year after the date of such 
meeting of the Conseil d’administration). 
(4) 
Any issue of notes or bonds, since the last audited consolidated financial statements, whether issued under 
the Programme or not, is subject to a publication by the Issuer on its website (www.danone.com). 
(5) 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been no significant change in the financial position or 
financial performance of Danone or the Group since 31 March 2023. 
(6) 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of Danone or of the Group since 
31 December 2022. 
(7) 
Except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus including the information incorporated by reference herein, 
Danone is not or has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any 
such proceeding which are pending or threatened of which Danone is aware), during a period covering at 
least the previous 12 months which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the 
financial position or profitability of Danone or the Group. 
(8) 
Notes may be accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream systems which are entities in 
charge of keeping the records. The Common Code, the International Securities Identification Number

--- Page 150 ---
A50482058 
150 
 
(ISIN) or the identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be 
set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is 1, boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Bruxelles, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream is 42, avenue John Fitzgerald Kennedy, L- 1855 Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg. 
(9) 
Dematerialised Notes will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary). 
Dematerialised Notes which are in registered form (au nominatif) are also inscribed either with the Issuer or 
with the registration agent. 
The address of Euroclear France is 66, rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris, France. 
(10) 
For so long as Notes issued under the Programme are outstanding, the following documents will be 
accessible on the website of the Issuer (www.danone.com) and available, during usual business hours on 
any weekday (Saturdays and public holidays excepted), for inspection at the office of the Issuer, or 
otherwise, using any kinds of communication means, permitted by law, at the choice of the Issuer:  
(i) 
the up-to-date statuts of the Issuer;  
(ii) 
the published annual report of the Issuer, the audited non-consolidated and consolidated accounts of 
the Issuer for the two financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 2022;  
(iii) 
each Final Terms for Notes that are listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or any other 
regulated market in the EEA;  
(iv) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any Supplement to this Base Prospectus or further Base 
Prospectus and any document incorporated by reference; and 
(v) 
all reports, letters and other documents, historical financial information, valuations and statements 
prepared by any expert at the Issuer’s request any part of which is included or referred to in this Base 
Prospectus. 
(11) 
In accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, the following documents will be available, on the websites of 
the Issuer (www.danone.com) and of the AMF (www.amf-france.org):  
(i) 
the Final Terms for Notes that are listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or in any 
Member State of the EEA;  
(ii) 
the Base Prospectus; and  
(iii) 
the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
(12) 
In the event of substitution of the Issuer in accordance with Condition 16, the public may have access to the 
material contracts and other documents (if any) relating to the Guarantee on the website of the Issuer 
(www.danone.com). 
(13) 
Copies of the latest annual report and non-consolidated and consolidated accounts of Danone (in English 
and French) (in each case as soon as they are published) may be obtained, and copies of the Agency 
Agreement will be available for inspection, at the specified offices of the Issuer and the Paying Agents 
during normal business hours, so long as any of the Notes are outstanding.  
(14) 
In respect of derivatives securities as defined in Article 20.3 of the Commission Delegated Regulation, the 
Final Terms will indicate whether or not the Issuer intends to provide post-issuance information concerning 
the underlying. If the Issuer intends to report such information, the Final Terms will specify what 
information will be reported and where such information can be obtained.

--- Page 151 ---
A50482058 
151 
 
(15) 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit and Ernst & Young Audit have audited and rendered an unqualified audit 
report on the consolidated financial statements of Danone for the year ended 31 December 2021 prepared in 
accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European Union.  
Mazars & Associés and Ernst & Young Audit have audited and rendered an unqualified audit report on the 
consolidated financial statements of Danone for the year ended 31 December 2022 prepared in accordance 
with IFRS as adopted by the European Union. 
Mazars & Associés has been appointed as statutory auditors of the Issuer by the shareholders’ meeting 
(assemblée générale des actionnaires) of Danone held on 26 April 2022.  
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit, Ernst & Young Audit and Mazars & Associés are regulated by the Haut 
Conseil du Commissariat aux Comptes, duly authorised as Commissaires aux comptes and members of the 
Compagnie Régionale des Commissaires aux Comptes de Versailles et du Centre. 
(16) 
The long-term debt of the Issuer is currently rated Baa1 (stable outlook) by Moody’s and BBB+ (stable 
outlook) by S&P. Each of Moody’s and S&P is established in the European Union and is registered under 
the CRA Regulation. Each of Moody’s and S&P is included in the list of credit rating agencies registered in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation published on the European Securities and Markets Authority’s website 
(www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) as of the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Moody’s and S&P are not established in the United Kingdom and are not registered in accordance with the 
UK CRA Regulation. However, the ratings of the long-term debt of the Issuer have been endorsed by 
Moody's Investors Service Ltd and S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, respectively, in accordance with the 
UK CRA Regulation and have not been withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by each of Moody’s and S&P 
may be used for regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. 
(17) 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche (as defined in the “General Description of the Programme”), the 
Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation manager(s) (the “Stabilisation Manager(s)”) (or any 
person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes 
or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that 
which might otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or any 
person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager) will undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation 
action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the offer of 
the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the 
earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the date of the allotment of 
the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance 
with all applicable laws and rules. 
(18) 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “€”, 
“Euro”, “EUR” or “euro” are to the single currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on European Union, as amended, references to “£”, 
“pounds sterling”, “GBP” and “Sterling” are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom, references to 
“$”, “USD” and “US Dollars” are to the lawful currency of the United States of America, references to “¥”, 
“JPY”, “Japanese yen” and “Yen” are to the lawful currency of Japan, references to “CHF”, “Swiss 
francs” are to the lawful currency of Switzerland and references to “Renminbi” or “RMB” are to the 
currency of the People's Republic of China (“PRC”). References in this Base Prospectus to “day” or “days” 
are to a calendar day or to calendar days, respectively. 
(19) 
Each Materialised Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon and Talon will bear the following legend: “Any United 
States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income tax

--- Page 152 ---
A50482058 
152 
 
laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended”. 
(20) 
Amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more 
"benchmarks" for the purposes of the Benchmarks Regulation. In this case, a statement will be included in 
the relevant Final Terms as to whether or not the relevant administrator of the "benchmark" is included in 
ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
(21) 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 969500KMUQ2B6CBAF162. 
(22) The website of the Issuer is www.danone.com. The information on such website does not form part of this 
Base Prospectus, except where that information has been incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 153 ---
A50482058 
153 
 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE 
PROSPECTUS 
We declare, to the best of our knowledge, that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance 
with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
 
Danone 
17, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
 
 
Duly represented by: 
 
Juergen ESSER 
Deputy CEO, Finance, Technology & Data 
Authorised Signatory 
Pursuant to a Board resolution dated 21 February 2023 
 
 
 
 
Dated 3 May 2023 
 
Autorité des marchés financiers 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF, in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended. The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the information it 
contains is complete, coherent and comprehensible within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
This approval is not a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes described in this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 3 May 2023 is valid until 3 May 2024 and shall, within this period and 
pursuant to the conditions set by Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended, be completed by a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of new material facts or substantial errors or inaccuracies. The Base 
Prospectus has the following approval number: 23-142.

--- Page 154 ---
A50482058 
154 
 
Issuer  
DANONE 
17, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
Arranger 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
Dealers 
 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Edificio Encinar 
Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
28660, Boadilla del Monte, Madrid 
Spain 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02 RF29 
Ireland 
 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, place des Etats-Unis, CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
ING Bank N.V., Belgian Branch 
avenue Marnix, 24 
1000 Brussels  
Belgium 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
World Trade Center, Tower H, 11th Floor 
Zuidplein 98  
1077 XV Amsterdam 
Netherlands 
NATIXIS 
7, promenade Germaine Sablon 
75013 Paris 
France 
 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94, 7th Floor 
1082 MD Amsterdam 
Netherlands 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France

--- Page 155 ---
A50482058 
155 
 
Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent, Redenomination Agent, 
Consolidation Agent and Calculation Agent 
BNP Paribas 
(affiliated with Euroclear France under number 29106) 
Les Grands Moulins de Pantin 
9, rue du Débarcadère 
93500 Pantin  
France 
Statutory Auditors Danone  
Up to 26 April 2022:  
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit 
63, rue de Villiers 
92208 Neuilly-sur-Seine Cedex 
France 
As of 26 April 2022: 
Mazars & Associés 
Tour Exaltis  
61, rue Henri Regnault 
92075 Paris-La Défense cedex 
France 
Ernst & Young Audit 
Tour First  
1, place des Saisons 
92400 Courbevoie – Paris – La Défense 1 
France 
 
Legal Advisers 
As to French law 
To the Issuer 
To the Dealers 
Herbert Smith Freehills Paris LLP 
66, avenue Marceau 
75008 Paris  
France 
Linklaters LLP 
25, rue de Marignan 
75008 Paris 
France