--- Page 1 ---
EUR 35,000,000,000 
EURO MEDIUM TERM NOTE PROGRAMME 
 ________________________________________  
This Base Prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”), as competent 
authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval by the Central Bank should not be 
considered as an endorsement of Danske Bank A/S (the “Issuer”) or of the quality of the Notes (as defined below) that are the subject of this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. In addition, such approval relates only to the 
Notes which are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market (the “Regulated Market”) of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext 
Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (“MiFID II”) and/or which are to be offered to the public in 
any Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a “Member State”) in circumstances that require the publication of a prospectus.  
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and has been prepared for the 
purpose of giving information with regard to the issue of notes (the “Notes”) under the programme (the “Programme”). 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme (other than Exempt Notes (as defined below)) during 
the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin and trading on the Regulated 
Market. References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being “listed” (and all related references) on Euronext Dublin shall mean that such Notes have 
been admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin and to trading on the Regulated Market. Application may be made for Notes issued under the 
Programme (other than Exempt Notes) to be admitted to trading and to be listed on Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S or such other regulated market in the 
European Economic Area for the purposes of MiFID II as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (as defined below). No assurance can be given 
that any such application will be successful. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market 
in the European Economic Area for the purposes of MiFID II. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new 
factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further listing authorities, 
stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in the European Economic Area for the purposes of MiFID II and/or offered to the public in the European Economic Area other than 
in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. The requirement to publish a 
prospectus under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) (the “FSMA”) only applies to Notes which are admitted to trading on a 
United Kingdom regulated market as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 on markets in financial instruments as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”) (“UK MiFIR”) and/or offered to the public in the United Kingdom other than in 
circumstances where an exemption is available under section 86 of the FSMA. References in this Base Prospectus to “Exempt Notes” are to Notes for 
which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation and/or the FSMA. The Central Bank has neither approved nor 
reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt Notes. 
Under the Programme, Notes may be (i) preferred senior notes (“Preferred Senior Notes”), (ii) non-preferred senior notes (“Non-
Preferred Senior Notes”) or (iii) subordinated and, on issue, constituting Tier 2 Capital (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) 
(“Subordinated Notes”), as indicated in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (as defined below). The minimum denomination of each Note 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area for the purposes of MiFID II or offered to the public in a Member State or 
in the United Kingdom in circumstances which would otherwise require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation or Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”), as applicable, will be EUR 100,000 (or, if 
the relevant Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
Prospective investors of all Notes are referred to the sections headed “European Economic Area Retail Investors”, “United Kingdom Retail 
Investors”, “MiFID II Product Governance/Target Market” and “UK MiFIR Product Governance/Target Market” on pages 5-6 of this Base 
Prospectus. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) (the “Securities Act”) and may 
include Notes in bearer form which are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or to, or for the account of, any U.S. persons. The Notes may be offered and sold outside the United States to non 
U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S (“Regulation S”) under the Securities Act and within the United States to “qualified institutional buyers” 
(each a “QIB”) as defined in and pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act (“Rule 144A”). Prospective purchasers are hereby notified that 
sellers of the Notes may be relying on the exemption from the provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. For a description of 
certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or Pricing Supplement 
and other offering material relating to the Notes, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. Prospective purchasers of Notes should ensure that they 
understand the nature of the relevant Notes and the extent of their exposure to risks and that they consider the suitability of the relevant Notes as 
an investment in the light of their own circumstances and financial condition. For a discussion of these risks see “Risk Factors” below. 
 ________________________________________  
Arrangers for the Programme 
BNP PARIBAS 
DANSKE BANK 
HSBC 
Dealers 
BARCLAYS  
 
BNP PARIBAS  
BOFA SECURITIES 
 
CITIGROUP 
CREDIT SUISSE 
 
DANSKE BANK 
GOLDMAN SACHS INTERNATIONAL 
 
HSBC 
J.P. MORGAN 
 
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE CORPORATE & 
INVESTMENT BANKING 
UBS INVESTMENT BANK 
25 March 2022

--- Page 2 ---
2 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed together with any supplement hereto and with any 
documents incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche (as defined in “Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes” below) of Notes, should be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the dealers (the “Dealers”) named under “Subscription and Sale” that this 
Base Prospectus (including for this purpose, the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement) is true, accurate and 
complete in all material respects and is not misleading; that any opinions and intentions expressed herein are 
honestly held, are based on reasonable assumptions and are not misleading; that there are no other facts in relation 
to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus the omission of which would, in 
the context of the Programme or the issue of the Notes, make any statement herein or opinions or intentions 
expressed herein misleading in any material respect; and that all reasonable enquiries have been made to verify 
the foregoing. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer or any Dealer to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus referred to below under “Documents Incorporated by Reference”) or any 
other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any information supplied by the Issuer or such other 
information as is in the public domain and, if given or made, such information or representation should not be 
relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any Dealer. 
No representation or warranty is made or implied by the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates, and 
neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates makes any representation or warranty or accepts any 
responsibility, as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus. Neither 
the delivery of this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or any Pricing Supplement nor the offering, sale or delivery 
of any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most 
recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial situation of the Issuer since the 
date thereof, or, as the case may be, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
supplemented or the balance sheet date of the most recent financial statements which are deemed to be 
incorporated into this Base Prospectus by reference or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated 
in the document containing the same. None of the Dealers will verify or monitor the application of the proceeds of 
any Green Bonds (as defined below) issued under this Programme. 
Each potential investor of Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each investor should: (i) have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a 
meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement to this 
Base Prospectus; (ii) have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of 
its particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment will have on 
its overall investment portfolio; (iii) have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an 
investment in the Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the 
currency for principal or interest payments is different from the currency in which such potential investor’s 
financial activities are principally denominated; (iv) understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be 
familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices and financial markets; and (v) be able to evaluate (either alone 
or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may 
affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. The investment activities of certain investors are 
subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment 
of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws. 
Unless otherwise specified in any supplement to this Base Prospectus, each Tranche of Notes is initially being

--- Page 3 ---
3 
offered for sale outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on, and in accordance with, Regulation S 
or privately placed exclusively to persons reasonably believed by the relevant Dealer(s) to be QIBs within the 
meaning of Rule 144A. Each Tranche of Notes in registered form will be represented by a registered Note (each a 
“Registered Note”). Registered Notes which are sold in an “offshore transaction” within the meaning of 
Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S Notes”) will initially be represented by a permanent global 
registered Note (each a “Regulation S Global Note”) without interest coupons, which will be deposited on the 
relevant issue date either (a) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”), with a common depositary or 
common safe-keeper, as the case may be, on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or (b) in the case 
of a Tranche intended to be cleared through a clearing system other than, or in addition to, Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, or delivered outside a clearing system, as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s). Registered Notes which are sold in the United States to QIBs within the meaning of Rule 144A (“Rule 
144A Notes”) will initially be represented by a permanent global registered Note (each a “Rule 144A Global 
Note” and, together with the Regulation S Global Notes, the “Global Registered Notes”), without interest 
coupons, which will be deposited on the relevant issue date with a custodian (the “Custodian”) for, and registered 
in the name of Cede & Co. as nominee for, The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”). Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any Final Terms or Pricing Supplement may be used for the purpose of an offer or 
solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any 
person to whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and the offering, sale 
and delivery of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this 
Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any Pricing Supplement comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers 
to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms or any Pricing Supplement constitutes an offer or an 
invitation to subscribe for or purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, 
the Dealers or any of them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or any Pricing Supplement 
should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or any 
Pricing Supplement shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or 
otherwise) of the Issuer. 
The rating of certain Series (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below) of Notes to be 
issued under the Programme may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. Whether or not 
each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Series of Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA 
Regulation”) will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. In general, European regulated 
investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not 
been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). A list of 
registered credit rating agencies is available on the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) 
website at www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs (list last updated on 24 March 2022). 
In general, United Kingdom regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes 
if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom and registered under the 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”). In the case of ratings issued by third country non-United Kingdom credit rating agencies, third 
country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a United Kingdom registered credit rating agency; or (b) 
issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note 
this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant United Kingdom registration, certification or endorsement, as the 
case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a certain limited period of time, transitional relief 
accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom, of existing pre-2021 ratings, 
provided the relevant conditions are satisfied. In particular, for one year following 31 December 2020, ratings

--- Page 4 ---
4 
issued or endorsed before this date by an European Economic Area credit rating agency may continue to be used 
for regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom provided that the European Economic Area credit rating agency is 
part of a group in respect of which one of its undertakings is established and registered in the United Kingdom. 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference 
rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the 
“Benchmarks Regulation”). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included 
in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 
(Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the Benchmarks Regulation. Transitional provisions in the 
Benchmarks Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to 
appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement. The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public 
record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the relevant Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
All references in this Base Prospectus to “Danish Kroner”, “kroner”, “DKr” or “DKK” are to the 
currency of Denmark, to “EUR” or “euro” are to the currency introduced at the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended, of those 
members of the European Union which are participating in the European economic and monetary union (the 
“Eurozone”), to “CNY” and “Renminbi” are to the lawful currency of the People’s Republic of China (the 
“PRC”) which, for the purposes of this definition only, excludes the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region 
of the PRC, the Macau Special Administrative Region of the PRC and Taiwan and all references to “U.S.$”, 
“USD” and “U.S. Dollars” are to the currency of the United States of America.  
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law 
is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended, replaced or re-enacted.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA RETAIL INVESTORS 
 
If the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled 
“Prohibition of Sales to European Economic Area Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area. For these purposes a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 
(as amended) (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the European Economic Area has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation.  
 
UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in respect of any Notes includes a legend titled 
“Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of UK MiFIR; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom may 
be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET 
The relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in respect of any Notes will include a legend titled 
“MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and 
which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.  
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Notes about whether, for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance rules under European Union Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product 
Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purposes of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET 
 
The relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in respect of any Notes may include a legend titled “UK 
MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. A distributor (as defined above) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product

--- Page 6 ---
6 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Notes about whether, for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purposes of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the 
knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and 
makes no omission likely to affect its import. References herein to this “Base Prospectus” are to this document, 
as supplemented from time to time, including the documents incorporated by reference. 
STABILISATION 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF ANY TRANCHE OF NOTES, THE DEALER OR 
DEALERS (IF ANY) NAMED AS THE STABILISING MANAGER(S) (OR PERSONS ACTING ON 
BEHALF OF ANY STABILISING MANAGER(S)) IN THE RELEVANT FINAL TERMS OR PRICING 
SUPPLEMENT MAY OVER ALLOT NOTES OR EFFECT TRANSACTIONS WITH A VIEW TO 
SUPPORTING THE MARKET PRICE OF THE NOTES AT A LEVEL HIGHER THAN THAT WHICH 
MIGHT OTHERWISE PREVAIL. HOWEVER, STABILISATION MAY NOT NECESSARILY OCCUR. 
ANY STABILISATION ACTION MAY BEGIN ON OR AFTER THE DATE ON WHICH ADEQUATE 
PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF THE TERMS OF THE OFFER OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF 
NOTES IS MADE AND, IF BEGUN, MAY CEASE AT ANY TIME, BUT IT MUST END NO LATER 
THAN THE EARLIER OF 30 DAYS AFTER THE ISSUE DATE OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF 
NOTES AND 60 DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF THE ALLOTMENT OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE 
OF NOTES. ANY STABILISATION ACTION OR OVER-ALLOTMENT MUST BE CONDUCTED BY 
THE RELEVANT STABILISING MANAGER(S) (OR PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY 
STABILISING MANAGER(S)) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND RULES.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
Risk Factors ................................................................................................................................................................9 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ....................................................................................................................28 
General Description of the Programme ....................................................................................................................31 
Overview of Form of the Notes ................................................................................................................................39 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes ..........................................................................................................................46 
Pro Forma Final Terms ........................................................................................................................................... 109 
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement ............................................................................................................................... 126 
Use of Proceeds ...................................................................................................................................................... 143 
Description of the Danske Bank Group .................................................................................................................. 144 
Subscription and Sale ............................................................................................................................................. 156 
Taxation .................................................................................................................................................................. 161 
General Information ............................................................................................................................................... 163

--- Page 9 ---
9 
RISK FACTORS 
Prospective investors should read the entire Base Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making 
any investment decision. 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes 
issued under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies that may or may not occur. 
Factors which the Issuer believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks 
associated with Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the material risks inherent in investing in 
Notes issued under the Programme, but the Issuer may be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or 
in connection with any Notes for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer based 
on information currently available to it and which it may not currently be able to anticipate.  
The risks outlined below do not consider an investor’s specific knowledge and/or understanding about 
risks typically associated with the Issuer and the acquisition and ownership of Notes, whether obtained through 
experience, training or otherwise, or the lack of such specific knowledge understanding, or circumstances that 
may apply to a particular investor. 
Words and expressions defined in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below or elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this section, unless otherwise stated. References to a numbered 
“Condition” shall be to the relevant Condition in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme  
The Danske Bank Group is exposed to a variety of risks, the most significant of which are credit risk, 
market risk, liquidity, funding and capital risk, insurance and pension risk, and non-financial risk. Non-financial 
risk consists of model risk, operational risk, technology and data risk, financial crime risk, regulatory compliance 
risk and financial control and strategic risk. 
The Danske Bank Group (the “Danske Bank Group” or the “Group”) is exposed to a number of risks 
and manages them at different organisational levels. The principal risk categories are as follows: 
● 
Credit risk: The risk of losses because debtors fail to meet all or part of their payment obligations 
to the Group. Credit risk includes counterparty credit risk. 
● 
Market risk: The risk of losses or gains caused by changes in the market values of the Group’s 
financial assets, liabilities and off-balance-sheet items resulting from changes in market prices or 
rates. 
● 
Liquidity, funding and capital risk: The risk that the Group has to issue liabilities or own funds at 
excessive costs, is unable to pursue its business strategy due to balance sheet requirements and 
restrictions, or the Group ultimately cannot fulfil its payment obligations due to lack of funds. 
● 
Insurance and pension risk: Danske Bank Group’s insurance and pension risk consists of the 
risks originating from its ownership of Danica Pension. This includes market risk, life insurance 
risk and operational risk. 
● 
Non-financial risk: The risk of financial losses or gains, regulatory impact, reputational impact or 
customer impact resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes or from people, systems 
or external events, including legal and compliance risks.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
Failure to control these risks could result in adverse effects on the Issuer’s financial performance and 
reputation. 
Regulatory changes could materially affect the Issuer’s business 
The Group has legal entities and branches in the European Union, including in member states whose 
currency is the euro, as well as legal entities and branches outside the European Union. The Group is subject to 
financial services laws, regulations, administrative actions and policies in Denmark and in each other jurisdiction 
in which the Group carries out regulated activities. Changes in supervision and regulation, in particular in 
European Union law and Danish law, could materially affect the Issuer’s own funds requirements (as described 
below in The Issuer faces a possible increase in own funds requirements due to the Finalisation of the Basel III 
Framework), business, the products and services offered and/or the value of its assets. Although the Issuer works 
closely with its regulators and continually monitors relevant regulatory developments, future changes in 
regulation, fiscal policies or other policies can be unpredictable and are beyond the control of the Issuer.  
The Group operates in a legal and regulatory environment that exposes it to potentially significant litigation and 
regulatory risks 
The Group may become involved in various disputes and legal proceedings in Denmark and other 
jurisdictions, including litigation and regulatory investigations. The Group’s banking and other operations, 
including its insurance operations, like those of other financial services companies, have been the subject of 
regulatory scrutiny from time to time. For example, the Group is subject to applicable anti-money laundering and 
terrorist financing laws. The supervisory authorities conduct on-going inspections from time to time of the 
Group’s compliance with anti-money laundering (“AML”) legislation, sanctions, and terrorist financing laws, 
which can potentially lead to supervisory actions. 
The Group is also subject to various laws and regulations relating to financial and trade sanctions in the 
jurisdictions in which it operates, including but not limited to those of the Nordic countries, the European Union 
and the United States. These laws and regulations require the Group, amongst other things, to adopt and enforce 
“know-your-customer” policies and procedures and in some countries to report specific transactions to the 
relevant regulatory authorities. In connection with such voluntary reporting by the Group or its correspondent 
banks, or otherwise as part of the Group’s dialogue with such regulatory authorities, the Group from time to time 
shares information with them pertaining to certain customer payments that may have been made illegally or for 
improper purposes using the Group’s banking network. Although the Group has adopted policies and procedures 
aimed at detecting and preventing the use of its banking network for illegal or improper purposes, such policies 
and procedures are not always effective in detecting and preventing such transactions, and the Group is 
continuously seeking to enhance its procedures. Failure by the Group to comply with financial and trade sanctions 
may result in regulatory investigations, fines and other penalties on the Group, and its business and reputation 
could suffer if customers use its banking network for such illegal or improper purposes. 
Disputes and legal proceedings generally are subject to many uncertainties, and their outcomes are often 
difficult to predict, particularly in the earlier stages of a case or investigation. Adverse regulatory action or 
adverse judgments in litigation could result in reputational harm, fines or restrictions or limitations on the Group’s 
operations, any of which could result in a material adverse effect on the Group’s financial condition. Further 
information on specific legal proceedings and developments are included in the section “Legal and Regulatory 
Proceedings” on pages 148-150 of this Base Prospectus.   
The Issuer faces a possible increase in own funds requirements due to the finalisation of the Basel III Framework  
In December 2017, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the “BCBS”) published the 
finalisation of the Basel III framework, which included (i) the standardised approach for credit risk, (ii) internal 
ratings-based approach for credit risk, (iii) minimum capital requirements for credit valuation adjustment risk, (iv) 
minimum capital requirements for operational risk, (v) output floor and (vi) leverage ratio. In addition, the BCBS 
published the revised minimum capital requirements for market risk in January 2019. The above-described two 
publications of the BCBS are collectively referred to as the “Finalisation of the Basel III Framework”.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
As part of the European Union’s banking package of 2021, and in order to implement the Finalisation of 
the Basel III Framework, the European Commission adopted, in October 2021, a proposal to amend Regulation 
(EU) No 575/2013 (the “CRR III Proposal”) and a proposal to amend Directive 2013/36/EU (the “CRD VI 
Proposal”). The CRR III Proposal and CRD VI Proposal include several European Union-specific deviations 
from the Finalisation of the Basel III Framework. The outcome of the future legislative negotiations, regarding the 
CRR III Proposal and CRD VI Proposal, is uncertain and may result in expansions of, or limitations on, the 
European Union-specific deviations from the Finalisation of the Basel III Framework. As long as the CRR III 
Proposal and CRD VI Proposal have not been finally adopted as European Union law, the Issuer cannot determine 
their precise effects on its own financial performance or the impact on the pricing of its Notes issued under the 
Programme. Prospective investors of Notes should consult their own advisors as to the consequences of any 
implementation of the Finalisation of the Basel III Framework.    
European Union law includes Directive (2014/59/EU) of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
resolution and recovery of credit institutions and investment firms dated 15 May 2014 and published in the 
Official Journal of the European Union on 12 June 2014, as amended or replaced from time to time (the 
“BRRD”) that established a framework for the recovery and resolution of, inter alia, credit institutions and 
provides the resolution tools, including the bail-in tool, and the power to write down or convert relevant capital 
instruments and eligible liabilities 
The European Union’s banking package of 2019 included Directive (EU) 2019/878 (“CRD V”), 
Regulation (EU) 2019/876 (“CRR II”) and Directive (EU) 2019/879 (“BRRD II”). CRD V and BRRD II were 
implemented into Danish law via Act No. 2110 of 22 December 2020 (the “Danish BRRD II/CRD V Act”). See 
also “The claims of Holders in respect of Subordinated Notes are subordinated” below regarding (i) the Danish 
implementation of Article 48(7) of BRRD (i.e. Article 1(20)(c) of BRRD II) and (ii) Section 13(5) of the Danish 
Recovery and Resolution Act. 
The Danish implementation of BRRD and BRRD II entails the risk of an application of (i) the resolution 
tools, including the application of the bail-in tool on all non-excluded liabilities, in case of a resolution and (ii) the 
power to write down or convert relevant capital instruments and eligible liabilities that may be exercised either 
(a) independently of a resolution action or (b) in combination with a resolution action, where the conditions for 
resolution are met. 
The Notes may accordingly be subject to the power to write down or convert relevant capital instruments 
and eligible liabilities and the bail-in tool, as described above, which may result in Holders losing some or all of 
their investment. The exercise of any power based on the implementation of BRRD and BRRD II or any 
suggestion of such exercise could, therefore, materially adversely affect the rights of Holders, the price or value of 
their investment in any relevant Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any relevant 
Notes. Prospective investors of Notes should consult their own advisors as to the consequences of the 
implementation of BRRD and BRRD II.  
The Group may be affected by economic and geopolitical conditions in the countries in which it operates 
The financial services industry generally prospers in conditions of economic growth, stable geopolitical 
conditions, capital markets that are transparent, liquid and buoyant, and positive investor sentiment. Each of the 
Group’s operating segments is affected by general economic and geopolitical conditions, which can cause the 
Group’s results of operations and financial position to fluctuate from year to year as well as on a long-term basis. 
The Group’s performance is in particular significantly influenced by the general economic conditions of the 
countries in which it operates, in particular the Nordic markets (Denmark, Sweden, Norway and Finland) and 
Northern Ireland.  
The novel strain of the coronavirus (“COVID-19”) pandemic caused an economic contraction in the 
Nordic countries in 2020. Official data shows a decline in GDP of 2.1 per cent. in Denmark, 3.1 per cent. in 
Sweden, 2.3 per cent. in Norway and 2.8 per cent. in Finland. For comparison, the decline in the euro area was 6.5 
per cent. and in the UK, it was 9.7 per cent. The economic contraction took place in the first half of the year, 
primarily as a result of restrictions on activity and voluntary restraint by consumers. There was a resurgence in

--- Page 12 ---
12 
activity in the third quarter of 2020 but not enough to restore GDP to pre-pandemic levels. New restrictions 
caused a renewed decline in activity in the first quarter of 2021.  
From the second quarter of 2021, there has been strong economic recovery in the Nordic countries, 
including GDP exceeding pre-pandemic levels, large decreases in unemployment rates and significant increases in 
inflation rates. The Norwegian Central Bank increased its policy rate from 0.25 per cent. to 0.5 per cent. and it has 
published projections indicating further increases in 2022 and 2023.  
The crisis has not yet caused a significant increase in bankruptcies in 2020 or 2021 in the Nordic 
countries. Government schemes have provided liquidity support, in many cases in the form of postponement of 
tax payments to 2021 or 2022. Hence, an elevated number of bankruptcies is likely as these payments become 
due. House prices have increased across the Nordics in 2020 and 2021, despite the decline in GDP. House price 
increases accelerated between April 2020 and April 2021, during which house prices increased on average by 15.1 
per cent. in Denmark, 23 per cent. in Sweden, 12.4 per cent. in Norway and 7.9 per cent. in Finland. House prices 
have since stabilized or have been growing more modestly. Household savings have increased during 2020 and 
2021 due to the decrease in spending. 
From 2014 to 2019, Denmark has experienced annual GDP growth close to 2.5 per cent., and a sustained 
increase in employment. Growth has been driven by increasing consumption, business investment and exports. 
Growth in Sweden accelerated to 4.2 per cent. in 2015 supported by private consumption and housing investment. 
Growth has since moderated to 1.8 per cent. in 2016, 2.8 per cent. in 2017 and 2.1 per cent. in 2018 as housing 
investment has declined. In 2019, unemployment increased and the economy slowed down further on the back of 
declining housing investments and only modest private consumption growth. GDP-growth was 1.4 per cent. in 
2019. Norway was negatively affected by the decline in oil prices in 2014, but did not experience an actual 
recession and has, since 2017, been recovering from a period of low growth, as oil-related investment has 
recovered. Finland suffered 3 years of declining GDP due to, among other things, declining exports to Russia, and 
a need to tighten fiscal policy. Since 2015, growth has accelerated and reached 3.2 per cent. in 2017, driven 
primarily by investments and an increase in private consumption, before slowing to 1.1 per cent. in 2019.  
Across the Nordic countries, growth has been sustained before 2020 by increasing private consumption in 
the years since the financial crisis. In Denmark and Sweden real wages have grown due to low inflation, and 
employment has increased. Norway has experienced higher inflation following the depreciation of the Norwegian 
Kroner, but real wage increases have remained positive. In Finland, real wages decreased in 2017 due to, among 
other things, an internal devaluation in the shape of a one-year wage freeze. However, real wages have since 
increased and low inflation and interest rates, combined with an income tax cut, have kept private consumption 
going strong. Years of rapid house price increases in Sweden and Norway reversed in 2017, especially in Sweden 
where prices decreased significantly in the second half of 2017 but have recovered since. Norwegian house prices 
declined in the first half of 2017 led by lower prices in Oslo as supply of new housing has increased and access to 
mortgage financing has been limited by regulatory measures. Since then, prices have increased again, on average 
to levels significantly above the levels before the decline.  
As Nordic countries are small, open economies, they are sensitive to disruptions in the global economy or 
the free flow of goods and services. Very accommodating central bank monetary policy and low interest rates 
have had, and continue to have, an impact on the Group’s net interest income. Adverse economic developments 
have affected and will continue to affect the Group’s business in a number of ways, including, among others, the 
income, wealth, liquidity, business and/or financial condition of the Group’s customers, particularly its small- and 
medium-sized enterprise (“SME”) customers, which, in turn, could further reduce the Group’s credit quality 
(resulting in increased impairment charges) and demand for the Group’s financial products and services. As a 
result, any or all of the conditions described above could continue to have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, results of operations and financial position, and measures implemented by the Group might not be 
satisfactory to reduce any credit, market and liquidity risks.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
Disruptions and volatility in the global financial markets may adversely impact the Group 
 
The outlook for increasing interest rates in the United States and elsewhere has caused market volatility 
in early 2022 and will likely continue to do so. The market conditions have also been, and are likely to continue to 
be, affected by concerns over increased geopolitical tensions, including those related to Russia’s invasion of 
Ukraine (and the related sanctions imposed by the United States, the EU, the U.K., Canada, Japan and Australia, 
among others) and the Middle East, tensions on the Korean peninsula and the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 
pandemic. The global economy has been and is expected to continue to be adversely affected to a significant 
extent by COVID-19 and related counter-measures (as described below in COVID-19 outbreak could continue to 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial position). 
COVID-19 outbreak could continue to have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of 
operations and financial position 
COVID-19, identified in China in late 2019, has spread throughout the world and on 11 March 2020, the 
World Health Organization confirmed that its spread and severity had escalated to the point of pandemic. The 
outbreak of COVID-19 has resulted in authorities, including those in the Nordic countries, implementing 
numerous measures to try to contain the virus, such as travel bans and restrictions, curfews, lockdowns, 
quarantines and shutdowns of business and workplaces, and has led to materially increased volatility and declines 
in financial markets and significant worsening of the macroeconomic situation. The duration of such restrictions is 
highly uncertain, but could be prolonged, and even stricter measures may be put in place. 
The spread of COVID-19 has led the Group to modify its operational practices, and it may take further 
actions required by authorities or that it determines are in the best interests of its employees, customers and other 
stakeholders. There is no certainty that such measures will be sufficient to mitigate the risks posed by COVID-19, 
and the implementation of such measures (or their insufficiency) could harm the Group’s ability to perform some 
of its critical functions and serve its customers. The pandemic and related counter-measures have affected and 
continue to affect some of the Group’s customers adversely, which in some cases may be material, which could in 
turn have an adverse impact on the Group (for example, through deteriorations in credit quality and higher 
impairments). 
2021 marked the second year of the corona virus pandemic and affected the expected credit loss 
differently than in 2020. 2020 was marked by large increases in the post-model adjustments, especially related to 
the corona virus, and an expectation of a speedy recovery after lockdowns ended. 
2021 has seen overall good customer activity in core markets and reversals to modelled ratings. With the 
ongoing detection of new variants of the corona virus and lockdowns imposed and lifted repeatedly throughout 
2021, the uncertainty remains high related to credit deterioration across most industries and specifically corona 
related industries. 
The Issuer has retained most post-model adjustments not related to implemented model changes as the 
uncertainties relating to the corona crisis and the economy in general remains elevated. The corona crisis-related 
post-model adjustments relate to industries directly affected by the corona crisis and for which the 
macroeconomic scenarios themselves do not lead to a sufficient increase in expected credit losses. This includes 
expected, but not yet materialised, credit deterioration in relation to the Personal customers and Commercial 
property industries in Denmark as government support ends. This also includes retailing, hotels and restaurants 
(within the Hotels, restaurants and leisure industry) as well as oil and gas (within the Shipping, oil and gas 
industry).   
The ability of the Group’s customers to serve their contractual obligations, including to the Group, may 
also be materially adversely affected. The degree to which COVID-19 impacts the Group’s results of operations, 
liquidity, access to funding and financial position will depend on future developments, which, as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. These developments may include, but are not 
limited to, the duration and spread of COVID-19, its severity, actions taken to contain the virus or treat its impact,

--- Page 14 ---
14 
the extent and effectiveness of economic stimulus taken to contain the virus or treat its impact and how quickly 
and to what extent normal economic and business activity can resume. 
The factors described above could, together or individually, have a material adverse effect on the 
business, results of operations, financial position and liquidity of the Group. 
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market and other risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common such 
features: 
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes rank junior to the Issuer’s other unsubordinated creditors 
The Issuer may issue Non-Preferred Senior Notes, which will constitute direct, unconditional and 
unsecured Non-Preferred Senior Liabilities as described in Condition 5.2 (Status – Non-Preferred Senior Notes). 
 
The Issuer may issue other obligations or instruments that rank or are expressed to rank senior to the 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes (including Preferred Senior Notes) or pari passu with the Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes, in each case as regards the right to receive periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer 
and the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. In the event of a 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the Issuer will be required to pay its depositors and other unsubordinated 
creditors of the Issuer that are not creditors in respect of Non-Preferred Senior Liabilities (including, without 
limitation, excluded liabilities of the Issuer pursuant to Article 72a(2) of the CRR) in full before it can make any 
payments on the Non-Preferred Senior Notes. If this occurs, the Issuer may not have enough assets remaining 
after these payments are made to pay amounts due under the Non-Preferred Senior Notes. In addition, in the event 
of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, to the extent the Issuer has assets remaining after paying its creditors 
who rank senior to the Non-Preferred Senior Notes, payments relating to other obligations or instruments of the 
Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with the Non-Preferred Senior Notes may, if there are 
insufficient assets to satisfy the claims of all of the Issuer’s pari passu creditors, further reduce the assets available 
to pay amounts due under the Non-Preferred Senior Notes on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
The claims of Holders in respect of Subordinated Notes are subordinated  
 
The Issuer may issue Subordinated Notes which will constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated debt 
obligations of the Issuer as described in Condition 5.3 (Status – Subordinated Notes). 
The Issuer may issue other obligations or capital instruments that rank or are expressed to rank senior to 
the Subordinated Notes or pari passu with the Subordinated Notes, in each case as regards the right to receive 
periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. In the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the Issuer will be 
required to pay (i) its depositors and other unsubordinated creditors (including creditors in respect of any Non-
Preferred Senior Liabilities) and (ii) subject as described in the paragraph that follows, its other subordinated 
creditors (other than the present or future claims of creditors that rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with or 
junior to the Subordinated Notes) in full before it can make any payments on the Subordinated Notes. If this 
occurs, the Issuer may not have enough assets remaining after these payments are made to pay amounts due under 
the Subordinated Notes.  
According to the Danish BRRD II/CRD V Act’s implementation of Article 48(7) of the BRRD (i.e. 
Article 1(20)(c) of BRRD II) in Section 13(4) of the Danish Recovery and Resolution Act, liabilities resulting 
from fully or partially recognised own funds instruments (within the meaning of the CRR, and including the 
Subordinated Notes) shall rank junior to all other liabilities. This would entail that, regardless of their contractual

--- Page 15 ---
15 
ranking, liabilities that are no longer at least partially recognised as an own funds instrument for the purpose of 
the CRR shall rank senior to any liabilities fully or partially recognised as an own funds instrument. Accordingly, 
in the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the Issuer will, inter alia, be required to pay subordinated 
creditors of the Issuer, whose claims arise from liabilities that no longer fully or partially are recognised as an own 
funds instrument (within the meaning of the CRR) in full before it can make any payments on the Subordinated 
Notes. Section 13(5) of the Danish Recovery and Resolution Act, which entered into force on 1 January 2022, 
prescribes a bankruptcy ranking of own funds instruments that is aligned with the CRR. In the case of bankruptcy, 
Section 13(5) of the Danish Recovery and Resolution Act stipulates that common equity tier 1 capital instruments 
are paid after additional tier 1 capital instruments and that additional tier 1 capital instruments are paid after tier 2 
capital instruments (such as the Subordinated Notes). A capital instrument that is only partly recognised as an own 
funds item shall in its entirety be treated as if it belongs to that respective own funds item. According to the 
preparatory works of the Danish Recovery and Resolution Act, the ranking as provided for in Section 13(5) of the 
Danish Recovery and Resolution Act will apply irrespective of the contractual ranking of the capital instruments. 
Accordingly, Section 13(5) of the Danish Recovery and Resolution Act and the preparatory works thereto provide 
that own funds instruments will rank in accordance with their classification in the own funds of the credit 
institution, regardless of their contractual terms. 
In addition, in the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, to the extent the Issuer has assets 
remaining after paying its creditors who rank senior to the Subordinated Notes, payments relating to other 
obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer that rank (for example, by operation of Section 13(5) of the Danish 
Recovery and Resolution Act) and/or are expressed to rank pari passu with the Subordinated Notes may, if there 
are insufficient assets to satisfy the claims of all of the Issuer’s pari passu creditors, further reduce the assets 
available to pay amounts due under the Subordinated Notes on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
Substitution and variation of the Subordinated Notes without Holder consent 
Subject to Condition 11.12 (Conditions to redemption etc. prior to Maturity Date (if any)), if a Special 
Event has occurred and is continuing, or to ensure the effectiveness or enforceability of Condition 25.6 
(Acknowledgement of Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers), the Issuer may substitute all (but not some only) 
of the Subordinated Notes or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the Subordinated Notes, without the 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Holders of the Subordinated Notes, so that they become or remain 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes. 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes are securities issued or guaranteed by the Issuer that have, inter alia, 
terms which (i) adhere to the specific conditions outlined in the definition of “Qualifying Subordinated Notes” 
and (ii) are not otherwise materially less favourable to the Holders of the Subordinated Notes than the terms of the 
Subordinated Notes (provided that the Issuer shall have delivered a certificate to that effect signed by two of its 
directors to the Fiscal Agent).  
In particular, potential investors should note that the Issuer may substitute all (but not some only) of the 
Subordinated Notes or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the Subordinated Notes to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 25.6 (Acknowledgement of Danish Statutory Loss Absorption 
Powers). In such circumstances, any change(s) included in the relevant Qualifying Subordinated Notes (compared 
to the terms of the relevant Subordinated Notes) for the purposes of ensuring the effectiveness and enforceability 
of Condition 25.6 (Acknowledgement of Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers) may be materially less 
favourable to investors. The relevant substitution or variation (which, as set out above, would not require the 
consent or approval of the relevant Holders) would not be dependent on the occurrence or continuation of a 
Special Event. 
There can be no assurance that, due to the particular circumstances of each Holder, any Qualifying 
Subordinated Notes will be as favourable to each Holder in all respects or that, if applicable or if it were entitled 
to do so, a particular Holder would make the same determination as the Issuer as to whether the terms of the 
relevant Qualifying Subordinated Notes are not materially less favourable to Holders than the terms of the Notes. 
See Condition 11.10 (Substitution and variation of Subordinated Notes).

--- Page 16 ---
16 
Substitution and variation of Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes without Holder consent 
 
Subject to Condition 11.12 (Conditions to redemption etc. prior to Maturity Date (if any)), if the MREL 
Disqualification Event Substitution/Variation Option is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement, and a MREL Disqualification Event in relation to the relevant Series of Preferred Senior 
Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, as the case may be, has occurred and is continuing, or to ensure the 
effectiveness or enforceability of Condition 25.6 (Acknowledgement of Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers) 
the Issuer may substitute all (but not some only) of such Notes or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of such 
Notes, without the requirement for the consent or approval of the Holders of such Notes, so that they become or 
remain Qualifying Preferred Senior Notes or Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes, as applicable. 
 
Qualifying Preferred Senior Notes and Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes are securities issued or 
guaranteed by the Issuer that have, inter alia, terms which (i) adhere to the specific conditions outlined in the 
definition of “Qualifying Preferred Senior Notes” or “Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes”, as applicable, and 
(ii) are not otherwise materially less favourable to the Holders of such Notes than the terms of such Notes 
(provided that the Issuer shall have delivered a certificate to that effect signed by two of its directors to the Fiscal 
Agent).  
 
In particular, potential investors should note that the Issuer may substitute all (but not some only) of the 
relevant Series of Preferred Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, as the case may be, or vary the terms of 
all (but not some only) of such Notes to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 25.6 
(Acknowledgement of Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers). In such circumstances, any change(s) included 
in the relevant Qualifying Preferred Senior Notes or Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes, as the case may be, 
(compared to the terms of the relevant Notes) for the purposes of ensuring the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 25.6 (Acknowledgement of Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers) may be materially less 
favourable to investors. The relevant substitution or variation (which, as set out above, would not require the 
consent or approval of the relevant Holders) would not be dependent on the occurrence or continuation of a 
MREL Disqualification Event. 
 
There can be no assurance that, due to the particular circumstances of each Holder, any Qualifying 
Preferred Senior Notes or Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes, as the case may be, will be as favourable to 
each Holder in all respects or that, if applicable or if it were entitled to do so, a particular Holder would make the 
same determination as the Issuer as to whether the terms of the relevant Qualifying Preferred Senior Notes or 
Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes, as the case may be, are not materially less favourable to Holders than the 
terms of the relevant Notes. 
 
See Condition 11.11 (Substitution and variation of Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes). 
There are no events of default and limited enforcement events in relation to the Notes 
The terms of the Notes do not provide for any events of default. Holders of the relevant Series of Notes 
may not at any time demand repayment or redemption of such Notes, and enforcement rights for any payments are 
limited to the claim of Holders in a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. In a liquidation or bankruptcy of the 
Issuer, a Holder may prove or claim in such proceedings in respect of the relevant Series of Notes, such claim 
being for payment of the Outstanding Principal Amount of such Notes at the time of commencement of such 
liquidation or bankruptcy together with any interest accrued and unpaid on such Notes from (and including) the 
Interest Payment Date immediately preceding commencement of such liquidation or bankruptcy and any other 
amounts payable on such Notes under the Terms and Conditions. 
According to Section 17(2) of Consolidated Act No. 775 of 3 May 2021, as amended or replaced from 
time to time (the “Danish Bankruptcy Act”) (in Danish: “konkursloven”), a debtor is insolvent if it cannot meet 
its obligations as and when they fall due, unless the inability to meet such obligations may be considered to be 
temporary. However, according to Section 234(2) of the Danish Financial Business Act, notwithstanding Section 
17(2) of the Danish Bankruptcy Act, if the Issuer cannot meet its obligations regarding capital raised as hybrid

--- Page 17 ---
17 
core capital or subordinated loan capital, the Issuer will not be considered insolvent. Accordingly, a Holder of (i) 
Subordinated Notes, pursuant to the Danish Financial Business Act, or (ii) Preferred Senior Notes or Non-
Preferred Senior Notes, pursuant to Condition 16.1 (No events of default), may not itself file for the liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
If proceedings with respect to the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer should occur, the Holders of the 
relevant Series of Notes would be required to pursue their claims on such Notes in proceedings with respect to the 
Issuer in Denmark. In addition, to the extent that the relevant Holders are entitled to any recovery with respect to 
the Notes in any such Danish bankruptcy proceedings, such Holders would be entitled to a recovery in Danish 
Kroner. In the case of Notes denominated in currencies other than Danish Kroner, such recovery in Danish Kroner 
would be based on the relevant conversion rate in effect on the date the Issuer entered into such liquidation or 
bankruptcy proceedings.  
The qualification of the Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes as “eligible liabilities” is subject 
to uncertainty 
 
The Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes are intended to be “eligible liabilities” (or 
any equivalent or successor term) (“MREL Eligible Liabilities”) which are available to meet any MREL 
Requirement (however called or defined by then Applicable MREL Regulations) of the Issuer and/or the Group.  
 
If, for any reason, the relevant Preferred Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes will be excluded 
from the MREL Eligible Liabilities as a result of: 
(i) 
the implementation of any Applicable MREL Regulations on or after the date of issue of the last 
Tranche of such Notes; or 
(ii) 
a change in any Applicable MREL Regulations becoming effective on or after the date of issue of 
the last Tranche of such Notes, 
then, if the MREL Disqualification Event Substitution/Variation Option and/or the MREL Disqualification Event 
Redemption Option is/are specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, a 
MREL Disqualification Event may occur. See “Substitution and variation of Preferred Senior Notes and Non-
Preferred Senior Notes without Holder consent” and “If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, 
this may limit the market value of the Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds in a manner which achieves a similar effective return” for the consequences of a MREL Disqualification 
Event (in each case, if applicable). 
No right of set-off, counterclaim or netting 
 
Subject as provided in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, no Holder, who shall in the event of the 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer be indebted to the Issuer, shall be entitled to exercise any right of set-off, 
counterclaim or netting against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of the relevant Notes held by such Holder. 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes concerned 
and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves a similar 
effective return 
 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of such Notes generally will not rise substantially above the 
price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on 
the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a

--- Page 18 ---
18 
significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing such 
“benchmarks” 
 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (such as, in the case of Floating Rate 
Notes, a Reference Rate or, in the case of Reset Notes, a Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate), are the 
subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms 
are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to 
perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. 
Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such a 
“benchmark”.  
The Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the European 
Union. It, among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-
European Union based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) 
prevents certain uses by European Union supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of “benchmarks” of 
administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-European Union based, not deemed equivalent or 
recognised or endorsed).  
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
Benchmarks Regulation”) among other things applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a 
benchmark in the United Kingdom. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the United Kingdom by United Kingdom 
supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the United Kingdom Financial 
Conduct Authority (the “FCA”) or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-United Kingdom based, not deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of 
the “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation and/or the 
UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, 
increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant “benchmark”. 
 
More broadly, any of the national or international reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
“benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
“benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the following 
effects on certain “benchmarks”: (i) discourage market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to 
the “benchmark”; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the “benchmark” or (iii) lead to the 
disappearance of the “benchmark”. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of 
national or international reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the 
value of and return on any Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”. 
 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation and/or UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, reforms 
in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”. 
Future discontinuance of certain benchmark rates (for example, EURIBOR) may adversely affect the value of 
Floating Rate Notes and/or Reset Notes which are linked to or which reference any such benchmark rate 
 
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high 
level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash products 
(including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among other things, that continuing to 
reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts without robust fallback provisions may increase the risk to the euro area

--- Page 19 ---
19 
financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its recommendations on 
EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
 
Investors should be aware that, if a benchmark rate were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate 
of interest on Reset Notes and Floating Rate Notes which are linked to or which reference such benchmark rate 
will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions applicable to such Notes. The Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark, such 
as EURIBOR, (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor service)) 
becomes unavailable.  
 
Reference Rate Replacement – Independent Adviser: if the circumstances described in the preceding 
paragraph occur and (i) in the case of Floating Notes, Reference Rate Replacement – Independent Adviser is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as being applicable and Screen Rate Determination is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as the manner in which the rate of interest is to be 
determined or (ii) in the case of Reset Notes, Reference Rate Replacement – Independent Adviser is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as being applicable and Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as the Reset Reference Rate (any such Notes, “Relevant Notes”), 
such fallback arrangements will include the possibility that: 
(A) 
the relevant rate of interest (or, as applicable, any component part thereof) could be set or, as the case 
may be, determined by reference to a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) determined by the Issuer (following consultation with an Independent Adviser (if 
applicable)); and 
(B) 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) may be adjusted (if 
required) by the Issuer (following consultation with an Independent Adviser (if applicable)) in order to 
reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or 
benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), however, such 
adjustment may not be successful in eliminating economic prejudice, 
in any such case, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as described more fully in the 
Terms and Conditions of the Relevant Notes. 
In addition, the Issuer (following consultation with an Independent Adviser (if applicable)) may also 
determine (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) that other amendments to the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes are necessary in order to follow market practice in relation to the relevant successor 
rate or alternative rate (as applicable) and to ensure the proper operation of the relevant Successor Reference Rate 
or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable). 
 
Reference Rate Replacement – ARRC: if the circumstances described in the paragraph preceding 
“Reference Rate Replacement – Independent Adviser” occur and, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, SOFR is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as the applicable Reference Rate and Reference Rate 
Replacement – ARRC is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, such 
fallback arrangements will include the possibility that the Issuer will determine a Benchmark Replacement to 
replace the Original Reference Rate in accordance with the benchmark transition provisions described more fully 
in Condition 9 (Reference Rate Replacement – ARRC).  
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes, as further described in Condition 9 (Reference Rate Replacement 
– ARRC), provides for a “waterfall” of alternative rates to be used to determine the rate of interest on the relevant 
Notes if a Benchmark Transition Event and related Benchmark Replacement Date occur. Such alternative rates, 
which are referenced in the definition of “Benchmark Replacement” in Condition 2.1, are uncertain. In particular, 
the ISDA Fallback Rate, which is the rate referenced in the ISDA Definitions at the time of a Benchmark 
Transition Event and related Benchmark Replacement Date, was recently published. However, the ISDA 
Definitions and the ISDA Fallback Rate may change over time.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
Reference Rate Replacement – General: No consent of the Holders shall be required in connection with 
(i) (where Condition 8 (Reference Rate Replacement – Independent Adviser) applies) effecting any relevant 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) or any other related adjustments and/or 
amendments described above or (ii) (where Condition 9 (Reference Rate Replacement – ARRC) applies) adopting 
a rate in accordance with Condition 9 (Reference Rate Replacement – ARRC) or making any other amendments to 
the terms of the Notes to effect the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. 
 
In certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback for determining the rate of interest for a particular Interest 
Period, Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period (as applicable) may result in the rate of interest for the last 
preceding Interest Period, Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period (as applicable) being used. This may result in 
the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes (as applicable) based on the rate 
which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page for the purposes of determining the rate of interest in 
respect of an Interest Period, an Interest Accrual Period or a Reset Period (as applicable). In addition, due to the 
uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Reference Rates and Alternative Reference Rates, the 
relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such 
Notes. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any 
relevant rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or Reset 
Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the 
Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes. Investors should note that, in the case of Relevant Notes, the Issuer 
(following consultation with an Independent Adviser (if applicable)) will have discretion to adjust the relevant 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) in the circumstances described above. 
Any such adjustment could have unexpected commercial consequences and there can be no assurance that, due to 
the particular circumstances of each Holder, any such adjustment will be favourable to each Holder.  
In addition, potential investors should also note that: 
(i) 
(A) (where Condition 8 (Reference Rate Replacement – Independent Adviser) applies) no Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will be adopted, and no other amendments 
to the terms of the Notes will be made and (B) (where Condition 9 (Reference Rate Replacement – 
ARRC) applies) no rate determined in accordance with Condition 9 (Reference Rate Replacement – 
ARRC) will be adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of the Notes will be made to effect the 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, if, and to the extent that, in the determination of the 
Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the Relevant Notes as (I) 
in the case of Preferred Senior Notes (if applicable) or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, MREL Eligible 
Liabilities; or (II) in the case of Subordinated Notes, Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Group; and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of Preferred Senior Notes (if applicable) and Non-Preferred Senior Notes only, (A) (where 
Condition 8 (Reference Rate Replacement – Independent Adviser) applies) no Successor Reference Rate 
or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will be adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of 
the Notes will be made and (B) (where Condition 9 (Reference Rate Replacement – ARRC) applies) no 
rate determined in accordance with Condition 9 (Reference Rate Replacement – ARRC) will be adopted, 
and no other amendments to the terms of the Notes will be made to effect the Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could 
reasonably be expected to result in the DFSA treating the next Interest Payment Date as the effective 
maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date.  
In all such circumstances, the ultimate fallback for determining the rate of interest (which is described 
above) will apply.  
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA and SOFR as reference rates  
 
 
 
In the case of Floating Rate Notes, where the Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement as being determined by reference to SONIA or SOFR, the Rate of Interest will be determined

--- Page 21 ---
21 
on the basis of either a compounded daily rate or by reference to a specific index (as further described in the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes). In either case, such rate will differ from the relevant LIBOR rate (GBP-
LIBOR in the case of SONIA and USD-LIBOR in the case of SOFR) in a number of material respects, including 
(without limitation) that a compounded daily rate or weighted average rate will be determined by reference to 
backwards-looking, risk-free overnight rates, whereas LIBOR is expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term 
and includes a risk-element based on inter-bank lending. As such, investors should be aware that LIBOR, SONIA 
and SOFR may behave materially differently as interest reference rates for Notes issued under the Programme. 
The use of SONIA or SOFR as a reference rate for Eurobonds is nascent, and is subject to change and 
development, both in terms of the substance of the calculation and in the development and adoption of market 
infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing such reference rates. 
 
 
Accordingly, prospective investors in any Notes referencing SONIA or SOFR should be aware that the 
market continues to develop in relation to SONIA and SOFR as reference rates in the capital markets and their 
adoption as an alternative to GBP-LIBOR and USD-LIBOR, respectively. For example, whether backwards-
looking rates are ultimately determined on a compounding daily basis or a weighted average basis, and whether 
forward-looking ‘term’ rates derived from SONIA or SOFR will be developed and adopted by the markets, 
remains to be seen. The adoption of SONIA or SOFR may also see component inputs into swap rates or other 
composite rates transferring from LIBOR or another reference rate to SONIA or SOFR, as applicable. 
 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA or SOFR that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and used in relation to relevant Notes that 
reference a SONIA or SOFR rate issued under this Base Prospectus.  
 
In addition, the methodology for determining any overnight rate index by reference to which the Rate of 
Interest in respect of certain Notes may be calculated could change during the life of any Notes. Furthermore, the 
Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing SONIA or SOFR that differ materially in terms of interest 
determination when compared with any previous SONIA or SOFR referenced Notes issued by it under this Base 
Prospectus. The development of SONIA and SOFR as interest reference rates for the Eurobond markets, as well 
as continued development of SONIA and SOFR based rates for such markets and the market infrastructure for 
adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market 
price of any SONIA or SOFR referenced Notes issued under this Base Prospectus from time to time. 
 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference SONIA or SOFR is only capable of being determined at 
the end of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and shortly prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be 
difficult for investors in Notes which reference SONIA or SOFR to estimate reliably the amount of interest which 
will be payable on such Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without 
changes to their IT systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, in contrast 
to LIBOR-based Notes, if Notes referencing SONIA or SOFR are redeemed early on a date which is not an 
Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest payable in respect of such Notes shall only be determined 
immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become due and payable. 
 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA or SOFR reference rates in the Eurobond 
markets may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA or SOFR in other markets, 
such as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the 
adoption of SONIA or SOFR reference rates across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes 
referencing SONIA or SOFR.  
 
Investors should carefully consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to 
any such Notes.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes have certain risks 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion 
of the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change of 
interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Holders. 
Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same 
Reference Rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where 
the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on 
those Notes and could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium have certain risks 
The value of any specific Series of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal 
amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional 
interest bearing securities. Usually, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility 
as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. Any such price volatility may 
have an adverse effect on the market value of any specific Series of Notes issued at a substantial discount or 
premium to their nominal amount. 
The Issuer has issued covered bonds. If any relevant claims in respect of these covered bonds are not met out of 
the pool of assets or the proceeds arising from it, any remaining claims will subsequently rank pari passu with the 
Issuer’s obligations under Preferred Senior Notes and ahead of the obligations under Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
as well as the Issuer’s obligations under Subordinated Notes 
The Issuer has issued covered bonds in accordance with the Danish Financial Business Act. 
In accordance with the UCITS Directive and the Capital Requirement Directive, the covered bonds have 
the benefit of priority over a matched pool of assets upon bankruptcy of the Issuer. To the extent that claims in 
relation to the covered bonds and related derivative contracts, any refinancing bonds issued by the administrator, 
any short-term loans taken out by the administrator and any senior debt (if any) issued with the benefit of the 
assets in the cover pool are not met out of the pool of assets or the proceeds arising from it, the residual claims 
will rank pari passu with the unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, including obligations under 
Preferred Senior Notes and ahead of the obligations under Non-Preferred Senior Notes as well as of the 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer, including obligations under Subordinated Notes. 
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a ‘Green Bond’, there can be no assurance 
that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor 
 
The relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide 
that it will be the Issuer’s intention to apply an amount equal to the proceeds from an offer of those Notes 
specifically for Green Loans (as defined in “Use of Proceeds” below) that promote climate-friendly and other 
environmental purposes and Notes issued thereunder to be referred to as “Green Bonds”. For the avoidance of 
doubt, neither the proceeds of any Green Bonds nor any amount equal to such proceeds will be segregated by the 
Issuer from its capital and other assets and there will be no direct or contractual link between any Green Bonds 
and any Green Loans. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the information in this Base Prospectus and/or the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement regarding such use of an amount equal to such proceeds and must determine 
for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Green Bonds together 
with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. In particular no assurance is given by the Issuer or the 
Dealers that the use of an amount equal to such proceeds for any Green Loans will satisfy, whether in whole or in 
part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines

--- Page 23 ---
23 
with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable 
law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates (in particular 
with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the 
subject of or related to, the relevant Green Loans). Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no 
clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a 
“green” or “sustainable” or an equivalently-labelled loan or as to what precise attributes are required for a 
particular loan to be defined as “green” or “sustainable” or such other equivalent label nor can any assurance be 
given that such a clear definition or consensus will develop over time. Accordingly, no assurance is or can be 
given to investors that any loans or uses the subject of, or related to, any Green Loans will meet any or all investor 
expectations regarding such “green”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives 
(including under Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable 
investment (the so-called EU Taxonomy)) or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not 
occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Green Loans. The Issuer 
has published a framework relating to Green Loans which is available on the Issuer’s website 
(https://danskebank.com/investor-relations/debt/green-bonds) and which may be amended or updated from time 
to time (the “Issuer’s Green Bond Framework”). The most recent version of the Issuer’s Green Bond 
Framework will be available on the Issuer’s website. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer’s Green Bond 
Framework is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of 
any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may or may not be 
made available in connection with the issue of any Green Bonds and in particular with any Green Loans to fulfil 
any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or 
certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such 
opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any 
other person to buy, sell or hold any such Green Bonds. Any such opinion or certification is only current as of the 
date that opinion was issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such 
opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or 
certification for the purpose of any investment in such Green Bonds. Currently, the providers of such opinions and 
certifications are not subject to any specific oversight or regulatory or other regime. 
 
In the event that any such Green Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, 
“environmental”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market 
(whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person 
that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are 
required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other 
governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, 
sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Green Loans. Furthermore, 
it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange 
or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer, the Dealers or 
any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Green Bonds 
or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Green Bonds. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the loss of any such listing or admission to trading will not give rise to any 
redemption rights under the terms of the Green Bonds. 
 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the proceeds of any Green Bonds in, or 
substantially in, the manner described in this Base Prospectus and/or the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, there can be no assurance that the relevant loan(s) or use(s) which are the subject of, or related to, 
any Green Loans will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance 
with any timing schedule and that accordingly the amount equal to such proceeds will be totally disbursed for the 
specified Green Loans. Nor can there be any assurance that such Green Loans will be completed within any 
specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally 
expected or anticipated by the Issuer.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
Any such event or failure to apply an amount equal to the proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds for any 
Green Loans, as aforesaid, will not (i) constitute an event of default or, as the case may be, enforcement event 
under the relevant Green Bonds; (ii) create an obligation for the Issuer to redeem the Green Bonds; (iii) give 
Holders an option to redeem the Green Bonds; (iv) constitute an incentive to redeem; or (v) prejudice the relevant 
Green Bonds’ qualification as Tier 2 Capital or MREL Eligible Liabilities (as applicable). Any Green Bonds may 
also be subject, as applicable, to any of the other risks highlighted in the section “Risks related to the structure of 
a particular issue of Notes”, including any bail-in and resolution measures available under BRRD in the same 
way as any other Notes issued under the Programme are subject thereto, see “European Union law includes 
Directive (2014/59/EU) of the European Parliament and of the Council on resolution and recovery of credit 
institutions and investment firms dated 15 May 2014 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union 
on 12 June 2014, as amended or replaced from time to time (the “BRRD”) that established a framework for the 
recovery and resolution of, inter alia, credit institutions and provides the resolution tools, including the bail-in 
tool, and the power to write down or convert relevant capital instruments and eligible liabilities.” 
 
The withdrawal of any opinion or certification as described above, or any such opinion or certification 
attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or 
certification is opining or certifying on, and/or any such Green Bonds no longer being listed or admitted to trading 
on any stock exchange or securities market, as aforesaid, may have a material adverse effect on the value of such 
Green Bonds, and also potentially the value of any other Green Bonds which are intended to finance Green Loans, 
and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be 
used for a particular purpose. 
Notes denominated in Renminbi and in other emerging market currencies are subject to additional risks  
Set out below is a description of the principal risks which may be relevant to an investor in Notes 
denominated in Renminbi and other emerging markets currencies:  
The Renminbi is not completely freely convertible; there are significant restrictions on remittance of Renminbi 
into and outside the PRC 
The Renminbi is not completely freely convertible at present. The PRC government continues to regulate 
conversion between the Renminbi and foreign currencies, despite the significant reduction over the years by the 
PRC government of control over routine foreign exchange transactions under current accounts. Currently, 
participating banks in Hong Kong and a number of other jurisdictions have been permitted to engage in the 
settlement of current account trade transactions in Renminbi. However, remittance of Renminbi by foreign 
investors into and out of the PRC for the settlement of capital account items, is generally only permitted upon 
obtaining specific approvals, or completing specific registrations or filings with, from the relevant authorities on a 
case-by-case basis and subject to a strict monitoring system. Regulations in the PRC on the remittance of 
Renminbi into the PRC for settlement of capital account items are being developed gradually and will be subject 
to interpretation and application by the relevant authorities in the PRC. 
Since 1 October 2016, the Renminbi has been added to the Special Drawing Rights basket created by the 
International Monetary Fund and policies further improving accessibility to Renminbi to settle cross-border 
transactions in foreign currencies were implemented by the People’s Bank of China in 2018. However, there is no 
assurance that the PRC government will continue to liberalise gradually the control over cross-border Renminbi 
remittances in the future, that any pilot schemes for Renminbi cross-border utilisation will not be discontinued or 
that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated in the future which have the effect of restricting or eliminating 
the remittance of Renminbi into or outside the PRC. Further, if any new PRC regulations are promulgated in the 
future which have the effect of permitting or restricting (as the case may be) the remittance of Renminbi for 
payment of transactions categorised as capital account items, then such remittances will need to be made subject 
to the specific requirements or restrictions set out in such rules. In the event that funds cannot be repatriated 
outside the PRC in Renminbi, this may affect the overall availability of Renminbi outside the PRC and the ability 
of the Issuer to source Renminbi to finance its obligations under CNY Notes.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of the CNY Notes 
and the Issuer’s ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service such CNY Notes 
As a result of the restrictions by the PRC government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the 
availability of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited. The offshore Renminbi market is subject to many constraints 
as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. There is no assurance that access to Renminbi for 
the purposes of making payments under the Notes by the Issuer (or generally) will remain, that no new PRC 
regulations will be promulgated or that the settlement agreements will not be terminated or amended in the future 
(which will have the effect of restricting availability of Renminbi offshore). The limited availability of Renminbi 
outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of the Notes. To the extent the Issuer is required to source Renminbi in 
the offshore market to service the CNY Notes, there is no assurance that the Issuer will be able to source such 
Renminbi on satisfactory terms, if at all. If Currency Events are specified as applying in the relevant Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement, the occurrence of a Currency Event may, at the option of the Issuer, lead to postponement 
of payments under the Notes or payment in an alternative currency. 
Payments for CNY Notes will only be made to investors in the manner specified for such Notes in the conditions of 
the Notes 
Investors may be required to provide certification and other information (including Renminbi account 
information) in order to be allowed to receive payments in Renminbi in accordance with the Renminbi clearing 
and settlement system for participating banks in Hong Kong. Except in the limited circumstances stipulated in 
Condition 12.10 (Currency Events), all payments to investors in respect of CNY Notes will be made solely (i) for 
so long as such Notes are represented by a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note, by transfer to a 
Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong Kong in accordance with prevailing Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg rules and procedures, or (ii) in the case of Definitive Notes, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account 
maintained in Hong Kong in accordance with prevailing rules and regulations. Other than as described in the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the Issuer cannot be required to make payment by any other means (including 
in any other currency or in bank notes, by cheque or draft or by transfer to a bank account in the PRC). 
Emerging Market Currencies may not be freely convertible and the availability of such currency outside the 
relevant country may be limited 
 
Where the Notes are denominated in certain other emerging market currencies (each an “Emerging 
Market Currency”) including, without limitation, the Russian Ruble, Mexican Peso or Turkish Lira, prospective 
investors in the Notes should be aware that Emerging Market Currencies may not be freely convertible and, in 
each case, the availability of the relevant Emerging Market Currency outside the relevant country may be limited. 
 
In the case of Notes denominated in an Emerging Market Currency, there can be no assurance that access 
to funds in the relevant Emerging Market Currency for the purposes of making payments under the Notes or 
generally will remain available or will not become restricted. The value of an Emerging Market Currency against 
foreign currencies fluctuates and may be affected by changes in the relevant country’s and international political 
and economic conditions and by many other factors. As a result, foreign exchange fluctuations between the 
Investor’s Currency and an Emerging Market Currency may affect an investor who intends to convert gains or 
losses from the sale or redemption of the Notes into the Investor’s Currency. 
 
If Currency Events are specified as applying to the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, the 
occurrence of a Currency Event may, at the option of the Issuer, lead to postponement of payments under the 
Notes or payment in an alternative currency.  
Risks related to the market generally 
 
Set out below is a brief description of certain market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk:

--- Page 26 ---
26 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this would 
adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell its Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will 
provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is 
particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed 
for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of 
limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and 
more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the 
market value of Notes. See also “The Group may be affected by economic and geopolitical conditions in the 
countries in which it operates” above. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor’s home currency, it will be exposed to 
movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of its holding. In addition, the imposition of exchange 
controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those Notes 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency 
or Specified Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s 
Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the 
Notes, (ii) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor’s 
Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Governmental and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of 
the Notes. As a result, investors in the Notes may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or 
principal as measured in the Investor’s Currency. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above 
the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
In addition, a holder of securities with a fixed interest rate that will be periodically reset during the term 
of the relevant securities, such as Notes to which the reset provisions apply, is also exposed to the risk of 
fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain interest income. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an investment in 
those Notes and may be lowered, withdrawn or not maintained 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes and/or the Issuer. 
The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes or the standing of the Issuer.  
The expected rating(s), if any, of the Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement for each Series of Notes. Any rating agency may lower its rating or withdraw its rating if, in the sole 
judgement of the rating agency, the credit quality of the Notes has declined or is in question. A credit rating is not 
a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating 
agency at any time.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
There is no guarantee that any rating of the Notes and/or the Issuer will be maintained by the Issuer 
following the date of this Base Prospectus. If any rating assigned to the Notes and/or the Issuer is revised lower, 
suspended, withdrawn or not maintained by the Issuer, the market value of the Notes may be reduced. 
Risks related to the Notes generally  
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally: 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the 
consent of all investors 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of 
conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) of Holders to consider and vote upon matters affecting 
their interests generally, or to pass resolutions. These provisions permit a defined proportion of Holders, as the 
case may be, to bind all Holders including Holders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and 
Holders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. Any modification to the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes pursuant to the operation of such provisions is subject to Condition 11.12 (Conditions to redemption etc. 
prior to Maturity Date (if any)). 
 
In addition, the Issuer may, subject to Condition 11.12 (Conditions to redemption etc. prior to Maturity 
Date (if any)), make any modification to the Notes of any Series, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes of any 
Series, the Agency Agreement, the VP Systems Agency Agreement and/or the Deed of Covenant which is not 
prejudicial to the interests of the Holders of such Series without the consent of the Holders of such Series. Any 
such modification shall be binding on the Holders of such Series. 
Investors who purchase Bearer Notes in denominations that are not an integral multiple of the Specified 
Denomination may be adversely affected if Definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Bearer Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus an integral multiple of another smaller amount in excess thereof, it is possible that such Notes 
may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case 
a Holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination in its account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a Definitive 
Note in respect of such holding (should Definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal 
amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If Definitive Notes are issued, Holders should be aware that Definitive Notes which have a denomination 
that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The Annual Reports of the Group for the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 
2020 (respectively, the “Annual Report 2021” and the “Annual Report 2020”, and together, the “Annual 
Reports”) shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus, excluding the 
following sections: 
(i) 
in respect of the Annual Report 2021: 
• 
the infographic “Investors” in the section “Strategic focus” on page 7; 
• 
the section “Our 2023 ambitions” on page 7; 
• 
the eighth paragraph of the “Executive summary” on page 9 starting with “In October, we 
updated our 2023 ambitions. . . .”; 
• 
the section “Outlook for 2022” of the “Executive summary” on page 11; and 
• 
the first, fourth (starting with “We have therefore adjusted. . . .”) and fifth paragraphs of the 
subsection “Shareholders” in the section “Strategy execution” on pages 14-15; and 
(ii) 
in respect of the Annual Report 2020: 
• 
the section “Outlook for 2021” of the “Executive summary” on page 9; 
• 
the infographic “Our 2023 ambitions for our key stakeholders” in the section “Strategy 
execution” on page 10; 
• 
the first paragraph of the sub-section “Shareholders” in the section “Strategy execution” on 
page 12; and 
• 
the fourth paragraph of the sub-section “Shareholders” in the section “Strategy execution” 
on page 13 starting with “In addition, we used 2020….”. 
 
The section “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” from the following base prospectuses relating to the 
Programme shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(i) 
Base Prospectus dated 4 December 2015 (pages 58-107 inclusive);  
(ii) 
Base Prospectus dated 2 December 2016 (pages 46-95 inclusive); 
(iii) 
Base Prospectus dated 6 December 2017 (pages 50-101 inclusive); 
(iv) 
Base Prospectus dated 20 March 2018 (pages 55-114 inclusive); 
(v) 
Base Prospectus dated 8 March 2019 (pages 56-121 inclusive); 
(vi) 
Base Prospectus dated 8 April 2020 (pages 45-100 inclusive); and 
(vii) 
Base Prospectus dated 30 March 2021 (pages 46-103 inclusive), 
(together, the “Previous Terms and Conditions”). 
In relation to each of the documents deemed to be incorporated in this Base Prospectus, the non-
incorporated parts are either not relevant for the investor or are covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Notes. 
Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference 
therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or 
supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus. 
The sources of the consolidated financial statements (including the auditors’ reports thereon and notes 
thereto) in the Annual Reports incorporated by reference herein are as follows: 
 
Information 
Source 
Income Statement for the Group for the year ended 31 December 
2021 
Annual Report 2021 pg. 58 
Statement of Comprehensive Income for the Group for the year 
ended 31 December 2021 
Annual Report 2021 pg. 59 
Balance Sheet for the Group as at 31 December 2021 
Annual Report 2021 pg. 60 
Statement of Capital for the Group for the year ended 31 December 
2021 
Annual Report 2021 pgs. 61-63 
Cash Flow Statement for the Group as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2021  
Annual Report 2021 pg. 64 
Notes to the Financial Statements for the Group as at and for the 
year ended 31 December 2021 
Annual Report 2021 pgs. 65-197 
Statement by the Management as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2021 
Annual Report 2021 pg. 220 
Independent Auditor’s Report for the Group for the year ended 31 
December 2021 
Annual Report 2021 pgs. 221-225 
Income Statement for the Group for the year ended 31 December 
2020 
Annual Report 2020 pg. 74 
Statement of Comprehensive Income for the Group for the year 
ended 31 December 2020 
Annual Report 2020 pg. 75 
Balance Sheet for the Group as at 31 December 2020 
Annual Report 2020 pg. 76 
Statement of Capital for the Group for the year ended 31 December 
2020 
Annual Report 2020 pgs. 77-79 
Cash Flow Statement for the Group as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2020 
Annual Report 2020 pg. 80 
Notes to the Financial Statements for the Group as at and for the 
year ended 31 December 2020 
Annual Report 2020 pgs. 81-215 
Statement by the Management as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2020 
Annual Report 2020 pg. 238 
Independent Auditor’s Report for the Group for the year ended 31 
December 2020 
Annual Report 2020 pgs. 239-243

--- Page 30 ---
30 
The Annual Report 2021 incorporated by reference herein can be viewed online at 
https://danskebank.com/-/media/danske-bank-com/file-cloud/2022/2/danske-bank-annual-report-2021.pdf    
The Annual Report 2020 incorporated by reference herein can be viewed online at 
https://danskebank.com/-/media/danske-bank-com/file-cloud/2021/2/annual-report-2020.pdf     
This Base Prospectus is, and any supplements hereto will be, available for viewing at 
https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin. 
The Previous Terms and Conditions incorporated by reference herein can be viewed online at 
https://danskebank.com/investor-relations/debt/funding-programmes.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME  
The following description of key features of the Programme does not purport to be complete and is 
qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus. Words and expressions defined in “Overview of 
Form of the Notes” or “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below shall have the same meanings in this 
description of key features of the Programme. 
Issuer: 
Danske Bank A/S. 
Arrangers: 
BNP Paribas, Danske Bank A/S and HSBC Continental Europe. 
Dealers: 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe SA, 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A., 
Danske Bank A/S, Goldman Sachs International, HSBC Continental 
Europe, J.P. Morgan SE, Société Générale, UBS Europe SE and any other 
dealer appointed from time to time by the Issuer either generally in 
respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
Fiscal Agent and Principal Registrar: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch. 
Irish Listing Agent: 
Matheson. 
VP Systems Agent: 
Danske Bank A/S. 
Listing and Admission to Trading: 
Each Series of Notes may be listed on Euronext Dublin and/or admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation by any other listing authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s) and specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement or may be issued on the basis that a Series of Notes 
will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Programme Amount: 
EUR 35,000,000,000 (and, for this purpose, any Notes denominated in 
another currency shall be translated into euro at the date of the agreement 
to issue such Notes using the spot rate of exchange for the purchase of 
such currency against payment of euro being quoted by the Fiscal Agent 
on the date on which the Relevant Agreement (as defined in the 
Dealership Agreement which is defined under “Subscription and Sale”) in 
respect of the relevant Tranche was made or such other rate as the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree) in aggregate principal amount of 
Notes outstanding at any one time. The maximum aggregate principal 
amount of Notes which may be outstanding under the Programme may be 
increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant 
provisions of the Dealership Agreement. 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or more 
Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each Series will all 
be subject to identical terms, except that the issue date, the amount of the 
first payment of interest (if any) and/or the issue price thereof may be 
different in respect of different Tranches.  
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement: 
Each Tranche of Notes other than Exempt Notes will be the subject of the 
Final Terms which, for the purposes of that Tranche only, completes the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes. Each Tranche of Exempt Notes will 
be the subject of the Pricing Supplement which, for the purposes of that 
Tranche only, completes and/or amends and/or replaces the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes. Each Final Terms or Pricing Supplement must be 
read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The terms and conditions 
applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are the Terms and

--- Page 32 ---
32 
Conditions of the Notes as completed by the relevant Final Terms or (in 
the case of Exempt Notes) as completed and/or amended and/or replaced 
by the relevant Pricing Supplement. See also “Exempt Notes” below. 
Forms of Notes: 
Notes may be issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”), in registered form 
(“Registered Notes”) or in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry 
form cleared through the Danish, Norwegian and/or Swedish, as the case 
may be, central securities depository (together the “VP Systems Notes” 
and individually “VP”, “VPS” and “Euroclear Sweden”, respectively), 
as described in “Overview of Form of the Notes” below.  
 
In respect of each Tranche of Bearer Notes, the Issuer will deliver a 
Temporary Global Note or (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement in respect of Notes to which the TEFRA C Rules 
apply (as so specified in such Final Terms or Pricing Supplement)) a 
Permanent Global Note. Such Global Note which is not intended to be 
issued in new global note form (a “Classic Global Note” or “CGN”), as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, will be 
deposited on or around the relevant issue date with Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and 
each Global Note which is intended to be issued in new global note form 
(a “New Global Note” or “NGN”), as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, will be deposited on or around the relevant 
issue date with a common safe-keeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. Interests in each Temporary Global Note will, not earlier 
than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon 
certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership, be exchangeable for 
interests in a Permanent Global Note or, if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, for Definitive Notes in bearer form in 
accordance with its terms. Interests in each Permanent Global Note will 
be exchangeable for Definitive Notes in bearer form in accordance with 
its terms. Definitive Notes in bearer form will, if interest-bearing, have 
Coupons attached and, if appropriate, Talons.  
 
In respect of each Tranche of Registered Notes, the Issuer will deliver to 
each Holder Registered Notes which will be recorded in the register 
which the Issuer shall procure to be kept by the Registrar. A Global 
Registered Note may be registered in the name of a nominee for one or 
more clearing systems or, in the case of Registered Notes held under the 
NSS, in the name of a nominee of the common safe-keeper. Registered 
Notes sold in an “offshore transaction” within the meaning of Regulation 
S will initially be represented by a Regulation S Global Note. Regulation 
S Notes will initially be represented by a Regulation S Global Note, 
which will be deposited on the relevant issue date either (a) in the case of 
a Series intended to be cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, with a common depositary or common safe-keeper, as the 
case may be, on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or (b) 
in the case of a Series intended to be cleared through a clearing system 
other than, or in addition to, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
or delivered outside a clearing system, as agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s). Rule 144A Notes will initially be represented by a 
Rule 144A Global Note, which will be deposited on the relevant issue 
date with the Custodian for, and registered in the name of Cede & Co. as 
nominee for, DTC. 
 
Registered Notes sold in the United States to QIBs within the meaning of

--- Page 33 ---
33 
Rule 144A will initially be represented by a Rule 144A Global Note. 
Registered Notes will not be represented upon issue by a Temporary 
Global Note and may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes. 
 
VP Systems Notes will not be evidenced by any physical note or 
document of title. Entitlements to VP Systems Notes will be evidenced by 
the crediting of VP Systems Notes to accounts with VP, VPS or Euroclear 
Sweden, as the case may be. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC, VP, VPS and/or Euroclear 
Sweden and/or, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, any other clearing 
system as may be specified in Part B of the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in any currency or currencies, subject to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank 
requirements. Payments in respect of Notes may, subject to such 
compliance, be made in and/or linked to, any currency or currencies other 
than the currency in which such Notes are denominated. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Issuer may issue Preferred Senior Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
or Subordinated Notes, as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement. 
 
Preferred Senior Notes are intended to constitute MREL Eligible 
Liabilities. 
Preferred 
Senior 
Notes 
will 
constitute 
direct, 
unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will at all 
times rank: 
 
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves;  
 
(ii) 
at least pari passu with all other ordinary, unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer, present and future, save for 
certain mandatory exceptions provided by law (including 
obligations benefitting from a preferred ranking to the Preferred 
Senior Notes); and 
 
(iii) 
senior to any Non-Preferred Senior Liabilities as regards the right 
to receive periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of 
the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes are intended to constitute MREL Eligible 
Liabilities. 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes will constitute direct, unconditional and 
unsecured Non-Preferred Senior Liabilities and will at all times rank: 
 
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves; 
 
(ii) 
pari passu with all other Non-Preferred Senior Liabilities, in 
each case as regards the right to receive periodic payments on a 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive 
repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer;

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
(iii) 
senior to holders of the Ordinary Shares and any subordinated 
obligations or instruments that rank or are expressed to rank 
junior to the Non-Preferred Senior Liabilities, in each case as 
regards the right to receive periodic payments (to the extent any 
such periodic payment has not been cancelled) on a liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of 
capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer; and 
 
(iv) 
junior to present or future claims of (a) depositors of the Issuer 
and (b) other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer that are not 
creditors in respect of Non-Preferred Senior Liabilities 
(including, without limitation, excluded liabilities of the Issuer 
pursuant to Article 72a(2) of the CRR), in each case as regards 
the right to receive periodic payments on a liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of 
capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
 
Subordinated Notes (in Danish: “kapitalbeviser”) on issue will constitute 
Tier 2 Capital. 
 
Subordinated Notes will constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated 
debt obligations of the Issuer, and will, subject to any ranking as provided 
for in (A) the Danish implementation of Article 48(7) of the BRRD in 
Section 13(4) (as amended or replaced from time to time) of the Danish 
Recovery and Resolution Act and/or (B) Section 13(5) (as amended or 
replaced from time to time) of the Danish Recovery and Resolution Act, 
at all times rank:  
 
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves;  
 
(ii) 
pari passu with (a) any obligations or capital instruments of the 
Issuer which constitute Tier 2 Capital and (b) any other 
obligations or capital instruments that rank or are expressed to 
rank equally with the Subordinated Notes, in each case as regards 
the right to receive periodic payments on a liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of 
capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer; 
 
(iii) 
senior to holders of the Ordinary Shares and any other 
obligations or capital instruments that rank or are expressed to 
rank junior to the Subordinated Notes, in each case as regards the 
right to receive periodic payments (to the extent any such 
periodic payment has not been cancelled) on a liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of 
capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer; and 
 
(iv) 
junior to present or future claims of (a) depositors of the Issuer 
and other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer (including any 
Non-Preferred Senior Liabilities) and (b) other subordinated 
creditors of the Issuer (other than present or future claims of 
creditors that rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with or 
junior to the Subordinated Notes). 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at any price on a fully paid basis only. 
Maturities: 
Any maturity date or subject, in relation to specific currencies, to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank

--- Page 35 ---
35 
requirements. 
Redemption: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption or unless the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement provides that the Notes are 
perpetual securities that have no fixed date for redemption, the Notes will 
be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date. 
Optional Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the option of the 
Issuer (either in whole or in part) to the extent (if at all) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, subject to the provisions of 
Condition 11.12 (Conditions to redemption etc. prior to Maturity Date (if 
any)). 
Tax Redemption: 
Early redemption will be permitted at the option of the Issuer for tax 
reasons as described in Condition 11.2 (Early redemption for tax 
reasons), subject to the provisions of Condition 11.12 (Conditions to 
redemption etc. prior to Maturity Date (if any)). 
Redemption upon the occurrence of 
a Capital Event: 
In the case of Subordinated Notes and subject to the provisions of 
Condition 11.12 (Conditions to redemption etc. prior to Maturity Date (if 
any)), early redemption will be permitted at the option of the Issuer upon 
the occurrence of a Capital Event as described in Condition 11.3 (Early 
redemption upon the occurrence of a Capital Event). 
Redemption upon the occurrence of 
a MREL Disqualification Event: 
In the case of Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes and 
subject to the provisions of Condition 11.12 (Conditions to redemption 
etc. prior to Maturity Date (if any)), if the MREL Disqualification Event 
Redemption Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement as being applicable, early redemption will be permitted at the 
option of the Issuer upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification 
Event as described in Condition 11.4 (Early redemption upon the 
occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event). 
Substitution 
and 
variation 
of 
Subordinated Notes: 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, subject to the provisions of Condition 
11.12 (Conditions to redemption etc. prior to Maturity Date (if any)), if a 
Special Event has occurred and is continuing, or to ensure the 
effectiveness or enforceability of Condition 25.6 (Acknowledgement of 
Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers), the Issuer may substitute all 
(but not some only) of the Notes or vary the terms of all (but not some 
only) of the Notes, without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
the Holders, so that they become or remain Qualifying Subordinated 
Notes. See Condition 11.10 (Substitution and variation of Subordinated 
Notes). 
Substitution 
and 
variation 
of 
Preferred Senior Notes and Non-
Preferred Senior Notes: 
In the case of Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes and 
if the MREL Disqualification Event Substitution/Variation Option is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as being 
applicable, subject to the provisions of Condition 11.12 (Conditions to 
redemption etc. prior to Maturity Date (if any)), if a MREL 
Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing, or to ensure the 
effectiveness or enforceability of Condition 25.6 (Acknowledgement of 
Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers, the Issuer may substitute all 
(but not some only) of the Notes or vary the terms of all (but not some 
only) of the Notes, without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
the Holders, so that they become or remain Qualifying Preferred Senior 
Notes or Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes, as applicable. See 
Condition 11.11 (Substitution and variation of Preferred Senior Notes 
and Non-Preferred Senior Notes).

--- Page 36 ---
36 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if any) 
may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate and the method of calculating 
interest may vary between the issue date and the maturity date (if any) of 
the relevant Series. 
 
Notes may also have reset provisions pursuant to which the relevant 
Notes will, in respect of an initial period, bear interest at an initial fixed 
rate of interest specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement. Thereafter, the fixed rate of interest will be reset on one or 
more date(s) by reference to a mid-market swap rate or a rate based on the 
yield for an identified government bond or certain government bonds (in 
each case, relating to the relevant Specified Currency), and for a period 
equal to the Reset Period, as adjusted for any applicable margin, in each 
case as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement. 
Denominations: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified 
Currency and save that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted 
to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area for the 
purposes of MiFID II or offered to the public in a Member State or in the 
United Kingdom in circumstances which would otherwise require the 
publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation or the UK 
Prospectus Regulation, as applicable, will be EUR 100,000 (or, if the 
relevant Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency). 
Negative Pledge: 
None. 
Cross Default: 
None. 
Enforcement Events in relation to the 
Notes: 
There will be enforcement events relating only to the liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer, provided that a Holder may not itself file for the 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
Meetings of Holders and 
Modifications: 
Notes contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of 
conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) of Holders of a 
Series to consider and vote upon matters affecting their interests 
generally, or to pass resolutions. These provisions permit a defined 
proportion of Holders, as the case may be, to bind all Holders of such 
Series including Holders of such Series who did not attend and vote at the 
relevant meeting and Holders of such Series who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority. 
 
Any modification to the Notes pursuant to the operation of such 
provisions is subject to Condition 11.12 (Conditions to redemption etc. 
prior to Maturity Date (if any)). 
The Issuer may also, subject to Condition 11.12 (Conditions to 
redemption etc. prior to Maturity Date (if any)), make any modification to 
the relevant Series of Notes which is not prejudicial to the interests of the 
Holders of such Series without the consent of the Holders of such Series. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Holders of such Series. 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the 
Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and

--- Page 37 ---
37 
without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or 
future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of 
Denmark or any political subdivision therein or any authority or agency 
therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or 
deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is 
required by law. In that event, (in the case of a payment of interest only), 
the Issuer shall, save in limited circumstances provided in Condition 15 
(Taxation), be required to pay such additional amounts as will result in 
receipt by the Holders after such withholding or deduction of such 
amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding 
or deduction been required. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes shall be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, English law except for Condition 5 (Status of the Notes), Condition 
11.2 (Early redemption for tax reasons), Condition 11.3 (Early 
redemption upon the occurrence of a Capital Event), Condition 11.4 
(Early redemption upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification 
Event), Condition 16 (Enforcement Events) and Condition 25.6 
(Acknowledgement of Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers) and the 
registration of Notes in VP, which shall be governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, Danish law. In the case of the registration 
of Notes in VPS or Euroclear Sweden, such registration shall be governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Norwegian law and 
Swedish law, respectively.  
 
VP Systems Notes must comply with the relevant regulations of VP, VPS 
or Euroclear Sweden, as the case may be, and the holders of VP Systems 
Notes will be entitled to the rights and are subject to the obligations and 
liabilities which arise under the relevant Danish, Norwegian or Swedish 
regulations and legislation. 
Enforcement of Notes in Global 
Form: 
In the case of Global Notes, individual investors’ rights against the Issuer 
will be governed by a Deed of Covenant dated 25 March 2022, a copy of 
which will be available for inspection at the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent. 
Ratings: 
The Programme and the Issuer have been or may be rated by at least one 
of the following rating agencies: S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (or 
any successor thereto) (“S&P”), Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (or any 
successor thereto) (“Fitch”), Scope Ratings GmbH (or any successor 
thereto) (“Scope”), Moody’s Investors Service (Nordics) AB (or any 
successor thereto) (“Moody’s”) and Nordic Credit Rating AS (or any 
successor thereto) (“NCR”). 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has been rated by each of 
S&P, Fitch and Moody’s as follows: 
 
 
S&P 
Fitch 
Moody’s 
 
long-term Issuer rating 
A+ 
A 
A3 
 
short-term Issuer rating  
A-1 
F1 
P-2 
 
Each of S&P, Fitch, Scope, Moody’s and NCR is established in the 
European Union and is registered under the CRA Regulation and is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation as of the date of this Base Prospectus. This list is 
available on the ESMA website at www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-

--- Page 38 ---
38 
registered-and-certified-CRAs (list last updated on 24 March 2022). 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a Series of 
Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the European 
Union and registered under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
 
However, there is no guarantee that any rating of the Programme and/or 
the Issuer assigned by any such rating agency will be maintained 
following the date of this Base Prospectus, and the Issuer may seek to 
obtain ratings of the Programme and/or the Issuer from other rating 
agencies. 
 
Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated and, 
if rated, rated by fewer than the five mentioned (or other) rating agencies. 
Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating (which may be an expected 
rating) will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) assigned to the 
Programme and/or the same as the rating(s) assigned to previous Series of 
Notes already issued, and will be specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement. There is no guarantee that any of the rating(s) of any 
Series of Notes will be maintained following the date of the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement.  
 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by 
the assigning rating agency. Up-to-date information should always be 
sought by direct reference to the relevant rating agency. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the transfer of Regulation S Notes prior to the 
expiration of the relevant distribution compliance period, see 
“Subscription and Sale” below. For a description of additional restrictions 
on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of offering 
material in the United States of America, the European Economic Area, 
the United Kingdom, Japan, Denmark and the PRC, see “Subscription 
and Sale” below. 
Exempt Notes: 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Exempt Notes may be issued 
in a form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and 
this General Description of the Programme, in which event the relevant 
provisions will be included in the relevant Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
OVERVIEW OF FORM OF THE NOTES 
Words and expressions defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” herein shall have the same 
meanings in this “Overview of Form of the Notes”. 
The Notes of each Series will be in bearer form, registered form or, in the case of VP Systems Notes, 
uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form. 
Form of Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be in the form of either a temporary global note (the 
“Temporary Global Note”), without interest Coupons, or a permanent global note (the “Permanent Global 
Note” and together with the Permanent Global Note and the Global Registered Notes (as defined above), the 
“Global Notes” and each a “Global Note”), without interest Coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Note 
which is not intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and each Global Note which is intended to be issued in 
NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, will be deposited on or around the 
relevant issue date with a common safe-keeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
If the Notes have a maturity of more than 1 year, unless the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement 
specifies that United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor U.S. Treasury regulation 
section including, without limitation, regulations issued in accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 
2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) (the 
“TEFRA C Rules”) are applicable in relation to the Notes, United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor U.S. Treasury regulation section including, without limitation, regulations issued 
in accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring 
Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) (the “TEFRA D Rules”) will apply in relation to the Notes. If the 
Notes do not have a maturity of more than 1 year, neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are 
applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary 
Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a 
Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, 
without interest coupons, not earlier than forty days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon 
certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected 
without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of 
such Permanent Global Note, duly authenticated and, in the case of a NGN, effectuated, to the bearer of the 
Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent exchange of a part of the Temporary Global Note) an 
increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note 
to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent; and 
(ii) 
in either case, receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership, 
within seven days of the bearer requesting such exchange.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
The Outstanding Principal Amounts of the relevant Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note 
shall be equal to the aggregate of the original principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership as adjusted to reflect any reduction as required by then current legislation and/or regulations applicable 
to the Issuer; provided, however, that in no circumstances shall the Outstanding Principal Amounts of the relevant 
Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note exceed the initial principal amount of such Notes represented by 
the Temporary Global Note. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary 
Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary 
Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Bearer Notes in definitive form (“Definitive 
Notes”) not earlier than forty days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such 
certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer 
shall procure the delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement), in Outstanding 
Principal Amounts equal to the aggregate of the original principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-
U.S. beneficial interest as adjusted to reflect any reduction as required by then current legislation and/or 
regulations applicable to the Issuer, in each case, to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against presentation 
and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent 
within thirty days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
 
If the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specifies the form of Notes as being “Permanent 
Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global 
Note. If the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global 
Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes”, then the Notes will 
be initially in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note as 
set out above. In each case, the Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part only and at 
the request of the bearer of the Permanent Global Note, for Definitive Notes: 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement; or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, save that 
this paragraph (ii) shall not apply if the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement 
specifies denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination plus one or 
more integral multiples of another smaller amount; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specifies “in the limited circumstances 
described in the Permanent Global Note”, then if: 
• 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is 
closed for business for a continuous period of fourteen days (other than by reason 
of legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or in 
fact does so; or 
• 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 16 (Enforcement Events) occurs. 
The Permanent Global Note will also become exchangeable, in whole but not in part only and at the 
request of the Issuer, for Definitive Notes if, by reason of any change in the laws of Denmark, the Issuer will be

--- Page 41 ---
41 
required to make any withholding or deduction from any payment in respect of the Notes which would not be 
required if the Notes are in definitive form. 
Interest-bearing Definitive Notes will have attached thereto at the time of their initial delivery Coupons. 
Interest-bearing Definitive Notes, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, will have 
attached thereto at the time of their initial delivery, Talons for further coupons and the expression Coupons shall, 
where the context so requires, include Talons. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure 
the delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and 
Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement), in an aggregate principal 
amount equal to the Outstanding Principal Amounts of the relevant Notes represented by the Permanent Global 
Note, in each case, to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note 
to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within thirty days of (i) the bearer or, as the case may be, the Issuer 
requesting such exchange or (ii) the expiry of the relevant period of notice. 
Each Definitive Note shall state that its Outstanding Principal Amount may be reduced as required by 
then current legislation and/or regulations applicable to the Issuer and that details of its Outstanding Principal 
Amount may be obtained during normal business hours at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent. 
The Permanent Global Note also provides, inter alia, that: 
(i) 
if Definitive Notes have not been delivered in accordance with the terms of the 
Permanent Global Note by 6.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the day on 
which such Permanent Global Note becomes due to be exchanged; or 
(ii) 
if the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) becomes due and payable in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions or the date for final redemption of the 
Permanent Global Note has occurred, and, in either case, payment in full of the amount 
of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made on the due 
date for payment by 6.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date,  
then such Permanent Global Note will become void in accordance with its terms but without prejudice to 
the rights conferred by the Deed of Covenant. 
Form of Registered Notes 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will initially be represented by a Global Registered Note which will 
either be a Regulation S Global Note (representing Regulation S Notes) or a Rule 144A Global Note (representing 
Rule 144A Notes). Registered Notes will be in substantially the forms (subject to amendment and completion) 
scheduled to the Agency Agreement. Notes issued in registered form will not be represented upon issue by a 
Temporary Global Note and Registered Notes will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes. 
Upon the initial deposit of a Regulation S Global Note in respect of Registered Notes, registration of such 
Registered Notes in the name of any nominee for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or, in the case of 
Registered Notes held under the new safekeeping structure (“NSS”), in the name of a nominee of the common 
safe-keeper, and delivery of the relevant Global Note to the common depositary or common safe-keeper, as the 
case may be, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will credit each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes 
equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
Upon the initial deposit of a Rule 144A Global Note in respect of Registered Notes, registration of such 
Registered Notes in the name of Cede & Co. as nominee for DTC and delivery of the relevant Global Note to the 
Custodian for DTC, DTC will credit each participant with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal 
amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
A Regulation S Global Note will be deposited on the relevant issue date either (a) in the case of a Series 
intended to be cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, with a common depositary or common 
safe-keeper, as the case may be, on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or (b) in the case of a 
Series intended to be cleared through a clearing system other than, or in addition to, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, or delivered outside a clearing system, as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
A Rule 144A Global Note will be deposited on the relevant issue date with the Custodian for, and 
registered in the name of Cede & Co. as nominee for, DTC. Definitive Notes issued in exchange for a beneficial 
interest in a Rule 144A Global Note shall bear the legend applicable to such Notes as set out in “Transfer 
Restrictions” herein. 
 
A Global Registered Note will become exchangeable, in whole but not in part only and at the request of 
the registered Holder of the Global Registered Note, for Registered Notes in definitive form (“Definitive 
Registered Notes”): 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement; or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specifies “in the limited circumstances 
described in the Global Registered Note”, then if: 
• 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC or any other relevant clearing 
system is closed for business for a continuous period of fourteen days (other 
than by reason of public holidays) or announces an intention permanently to 
cease business or in fact does so; or 
• 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 16 (Enforcement Events) 
occurs. 
The Global Registered Note will also become exchangeable, in whole but not in part only and at the 
request of the Issuer, for Definitive Registered Notes if, by reason of any change in the laws of Denmark, the 
Issuer will be required to make any withholding or deduction from any payment in respect of the Notes which 
would not be required if the Notes are represented by Definitive Registered Notes. 
Whenever the Global Registered Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Registered Notes, such 
Registered Notes will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the Outstanding Principal Amounts of 
the relevant Notes represented by the Global Registered Note, in each case, within five business days of the 
delivery, by or on behalf of the registered Holder of the Global Registered Note, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or DTC, to the Registrar of such information as is required to complete and deliver such 
Definitive Registered Notes (including, without limitation, the names and addresses of the persons in whose 
names the Definitive Registered Notes are to be registered and the principal amount of each such person’s 
holding) against the surrender of the Global Registered Note at the Specified Office of the Registrar. Such 
exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the regulations 
concerning the transfer and registration of Notes scheduled thereto and, in particular, shall be effected without 
charge to any Holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect of any tax or other duty 
of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such exchange. 
Each Definitive Registered Note shall state that its Outstanding Principal Amount may be reduced as 
required by then current legislation and/or regulations applicable to the Issuer and that details of its Outstanding 
Principal Amount may be obtained during normal business hours at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent. 
The Global Registered Note also provides, inter alia, that:

--- Page 43 ---
43 
(i) 
if Definitive Registered Notes have not been issued and delivered by 6.00 p.m. (London 
time) on the thirtieth day after the date on which the same are due to be issued and 
delivered in accordance with the terms of the Global Registered Note; or  
(ii) 
any of the Notes evidenced by the Global Registered Note has become due and payable 
in accordance with the Terms and Conditions or the date for final redemption of the 
Notes has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling 
due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the Holder of the Global 
Registered Note on the due date for payment in accordance with the terms of the Global 
Registered Note,  
then the Global Registered Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Registered Notes) will 
become void at 6.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (i) above) or at 6.00 p.m. (London 
time) on such date (in the case of (ii) above) and the Holder will have no further rights thereunder (but without 
prejudice to the rights which the Holder or others may have under the Deed of Covenant).  
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes (other than VP Systems Notes) 
The Terms and Conditions applicable to any Definitive Note or Definitive Registered Note will be 
endorsed on that Note and will consist of the Terms and Conditions set out under “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes” below and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement which complete and/or (in the 
case of Exempt Notes only) amend and/or replace those Terms and Conditions. 
The Terms and Conditions applicable to any Notes represented by one or more Global Notes will differ 
from those Terms and Conditions which would apply to the Notes were they in definitive form to the extent 
described in this “Overview of Form of the Notes”. 
Each Global Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as they 
apply to the relevant Global Note. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
Title to Notes: For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who 
is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a 
particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall 
be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the 
Fiscal Agent, the Registrar and any other Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all 
purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for 
which purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Note in global form or the registered holder of the relevant Global 
Registered Note shall be treated by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Registrar and any other Paying Agent as the 
holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global 
Note and the expression “Holder” and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Payments: The Holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of 
Notes represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the 
Holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes 
represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, as the case 
may be, for his/her share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the Holder of such Global 
Note. For the purpose of any payment made in respect of a Global Note, (i) the relevant place of presentation shall 
be disregarded in the definition of “Payment Business Day” set out in Condition 2.1 (Definitions) and in the 
definition of “business day” set out in Condition 13 (Payments – Registered Notes) and (ii) any rounding to be 
applied in respect of any such payment will be applied in accordance with the procedures of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case may be, in place at the relevant time of such payment.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
Record Date for Global Registered Notes: In the case of a Global Registered Note, with respect to the 
definition of “Record Date” in Condition 13.1 (Method of payment), the words “on the fifteenth day (whether or 
not such fifteenth day is a Relevant Banking Day)” shall be deemed to be deleted and replaced by “at the close of 
business on the Clearing System Business Day immediately prior to the date for payment”. “Clearing System 
Business Day” means any day other than (i) Saturdays and Sundays and (ii) 1 January and 25 December. 
 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 11.5 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, the relevant Global Note may be 
redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer in accordance with the Terms and Conditions and 
the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the Terms and Conditions, but in accordance with the 
rules and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion) and/or 
DTC. 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 22 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by one or more 
Global Notes and such Global Note(s) are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or DTC, notices to Holders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC and/or any other relevant clearing system for communication by them to 
the persons shown in their respective records as having interests therein and, in any case, such notices shall be 
deemed to have been given to the Holders in accordance with Condition 22 (Notices) on the date of delivery to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than 1 year, Global Notes, 
Definitive Notes and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the following effect: 
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.” 
The sections referred to in such legend provide that a United States person who holds a Bearer Note, 
Coupon or Talon will generally not be allowed to deduct any loss realised on the sale, exchange or redemption of 
such Note, Coupon or Talon and any gain (which might otherwise be characterised as capital gain) recognised on 
such sale, exchange or redemption will be treated as ordinary income. 
Form of VP Systems Notes 
Each Tranche of VP Systems Notes will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form. 
The VP Systems Notes issued under the Programme will not be evidenced by any physical note or document of 
title other than statements of account made by VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden. Legal title to the VP Systems Notes 
will be evidenced by book entries in the records of VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden, as the case may be. A holder of 
VP Systems Notes will have to rely on the clearing system procedures to receive payments under the relevant VP 
Systems Notes. Issues of VP Systems Notes are the subject of the VP Systems Agency Agreement. On the issue 
of such VP Systems Notes, the Issuer will send a copy of the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement to the 
Fiscal Agent, with a copy sent to the VP Systems Agent. On delivery of the relevant Final Terms by the VP 
Systems Agent to VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden, as the case may be, and notification to VP, VPS or Euroclear 
Sweden, as the case may be, of the subscribers and their VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden, as the case may be, 
account details by the relevant Dealer(s), the VP Systems Agent, acting on behalf of the Issuer, will give 
instructions to VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden, as the case may be, to credit each subscribing account holder with 
VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden, as the case may be, with a nominal amount of VP Systems Notes equal to the 
nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VP Systems Notes in VP, VPS or Euroclear 
Sweden, as the case may be, will take place in accordance with market practice at the time of the transaction.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
Transfers of interests in the relevant VP Systems Notes will take place in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden, as the case may be. 
The Terms and Conditions applicable to any VP Systems Notes will consist of the Terms and Conditions 
set out under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which 
completes those Terms and Condition or (in the case of Exempt Notes only) the relevant Pricing Supplement 
which complete and/or amends and/or replaces those Terms and Conditions. 
Clearing Systems 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC and/or VP, VPS or 
Euroclear Sweden, as the case may be, shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to 
any additional or alternative clearing system approved by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Registrar (in the case of 
Registered Notes), the other Paying Agents and the relevant Holders.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which, as completed by the relevant 
Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes only) as completed and/or amended and/or replaced by the relevant 
Pricing Supplement, will be endorsed on each Definitive Note issued under the Programme. The Terms and 
Conditions applicable to any Global Note will differ from those Terms and Conditions which would apply to a 
Definitive Note to the extent described under “Overview of Form of the Notes” above. The following is also the 
text of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes only) as completed and/or amended and/or replaced by the relevant Pricing Supplement, will be 
applicable to each VP Systems Note. VP Systems Notes will not be evidenced by any physical note or document of 
title other than statements of account made by VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden, as the case may be. Ownership of 
VP Systems Notes will be recorded and transfer effected only through the book entry system and register 
maintained by VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden, as the case may be. 
1. 
Introduction 
1.1 
Programme: Danske Bank A/S (the “Issuer”) has established an Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
(the “Programme”) for the issuance of up to EUR 35,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of notes 
(the “Notes”) and where a particular Condition is applicable only to certain classes of Notes, “Notes” 
shall be construed in accordance with the relevant Condition. References herein to “Exempt Notes” are 
to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation and/or the 
UK Prospectus Regulation. 
1.2 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a 
“Series”) and each Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a “Tranche”) of Notes. Each 
Tranche of Notes other than Exempt Notes is the subject of a final terms document (the “Final Terms”) 
which completes these Terms and Conditions (the “Conditions”). Each Tranche of Exempt Notes is the 
subject of a pricing supplement (the “Pricing Supplement”) which completes and/or amends and/or 
replaces these Conditions. The Terms and Conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are 
these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes only) as 
completed and/or amended and/or replaced by the relevant Pricing Supplement. In the event of any 
inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement shall prevail. The relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement will 
specify whether the Notes are Preferred Senior Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes or Subordinated 
Notes. 
1.3 
Issue and Paying Agency Agreement and VP Systems Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes other than VP Systems Notes, an amended and restated issue and paying 
agency agreement dated 25 March 2022 (the “Agency Agreement”) between, inter alios, the 
Issuer and Citibank, N.A., London Branch as fiscal agent (the “Fiscal Agent”, which expression 
includes any successor fiscal agent appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes) 
and as principal registrar (the “Principal Registrar”, which expression shall include any 
successor to Citibank, N.A., London Branch in its capacity as such ); or 
(ii) 
in the case of VP Systems Notes, (A) an amended and restated agency agreement dated 25 
March 2022 (the “VP Systems Agency Agreement”) between the Issuer, Citibank, N.A., 
London Branch as Fiscal Agent in connection with the Agency Agreement and Danske Bank A/S 
as agent (the “VP Systems Agent”, which expression includes any successor agent appointed 
from time to time in connection with the VP Systems Notes) of the Issuer in respect of all VP 
Systems Notes and (B) the Agency Agreement to the extent specified therein. 
1.4 
Deed of Covenant: The Notes (other than VP Systems Notes) have the benefit of a deed of covenant dated 
25 March 2022 (as may be amended or supplemented from time to time, the “Deed of Covenant”).

--- Page 47 ---
47 
1.5 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes which are the 
subject of the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. Copies of the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement are available for inspection by Holders during normal business hours at the Specified Office 
of each of the Paying Agents or, if applicable, the Registrar. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is 
not admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation on any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system or which is (i) not offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is 
required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation and/or (ii) not offered in the United Kingdom in 
circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the UK Prospectus Regulation 
(including Exempt Notes), copies of the Pricing Supplement will only be available for inspection by 
Holders (as defined in Condition 1.6 (Summaries) below) or, as the case may be, Relevant Account 
Holders (as defined in the Deed of Covenant) in respect of, such Notes. 
1.6 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of 
Covenant and the VP Systems Agency Agreement and are subject to their detailed provisions. The 
holders of the Notes (the “Holders” or “Noteholders”, which expressions shall, where appropriate, be 
deemed to include holders of Bearer Notes (as defined herein), Registered Holders (as defined herein), 
holders of VP Systems Notes (as defined herein) and Couponholders (as defined below)) and the holders 
of the related interest coupons, if any, (the “Couponholders” and the “Coupons”, respectively) are 
bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of 
Covenant applicable to them. Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant (i) are 
available for inspection by Holders during normal business hours at the Specified Office of each of the 
Paying Agents or if applicable, the Principal Registrar or (ii) may be provided by email to a Holder 
following their prior written request to any Paying Agent or, if applicable, the Principal Registrar and 
provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent or, if 
applicable, the Principal Registrar). Copies of the VP Systems Agency Agreement (i) are available for 
inspection by Holders during normal business hours at the Specified Office of the VP Systems Agent or 
(ii) may be provided by email to a Holder following their prior written request to the VP Systems Agent 
and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the VP Systems Agent). 
2. 
Interpretation 
2.1 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
“2014 RTS” means Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 241/2014 of 7 January 2014, 
supplementing the CRR with regard to regulatory technical standards for own funds requirements for 
institutions, as amended or replaced from time to time; 
“Accrual Yield” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Adjusted Fixed Rate Notes” means Preferred Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes for which: 
(i) 
the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement 
as being applicable; and 
(ii) 
the Interest Payment Date(s) is/are subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day 
Convention; 
“Adjustment Spread” means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or methodology 
for calculating a spread, which the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if 
applicable) and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines is required to 
be applied to the relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) in 
order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the relevant circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to the Holders as a result of the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
and is the spread, formula or methodology which:

--- Page 48 ---
48 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with such Successor Reference Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or 
in the case of an Alternative Reference Rate, the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser (if applicable) and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, determines is recognised or acknowledged as being in customary market usage in 
international debt capital markets transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, 
where such rate has been replaced by such Successor Reference Rate or the Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable); or 
(iii) 
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the Issuer, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser (if applicable) and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the relevant 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the relevant Successor Reference 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); or 
(iv) 
if no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged, the Issuer, in its discretion, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if applicable) and acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate; 
“Affiliates” has the meaning given to such term in paragraph (a)(l) of Rule 144 under the United States 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 
“Alternative Reference Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate that the Issuer (following 
consultation with an Independent Adviser (if applicable)) determines has replaced the Original Reference 
Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining 
rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in respect of debt securities denominated in the 
Specified Currency and of a comparable duration:  
(i) 
in the case of Notes for which the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as being applicable, to the relevant Interest Periods; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes for which the Reset Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement as being applicable, to the relevant Reset Periods, 
or, in any case, if the Issuer (following consultation with an Independent Adviser (if applicable)) 
determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Issuer (following consultation with an 
Independent Adviser (if applicable)) determines in its discretion is most comparable to the Original 
Reference Rate; 
“Alternate Settlement Rate” means the spot rate between the Specified Currency and the Relevant 
Currency determined by the Currency Calculation Agent, taking into consideration all available 
information which the Currency Calculation Agent deems relevant (including, but not limited to, in the 
case of CNY Notes, the pricing information obtained from the CNY non-deliverable market outside the 
PRC and/or the CNY exchange market inside the PRC); 
“Applicable Business Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement; 
“Applicable Financial Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement;

--- Page 49 ---
49 
“Applicable MREL Regulations” means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies then in effect in Denmark giving effect to any MREL Requirement or any successor 
regulations then applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group, including, without limitation to the generality 
of the foregoing, CRD/CRR, the BRRD and those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies 
giving effect to any MREL Requirement or any successor regulations then in effect (whether or not such 
requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or 
specifically to the Issuer and/or the Group); 
“Articles of Association” means the articles of association of the Issuer; 
“BBSW” means the Bank Bill Swap Reference Rate; 
“Bearer Notes” means Notes issued in bearer form; 
“Benchmark Event” means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
such Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for at least five Business Days or ceasing 
to exist or be administered; or 
(ii) 
the later of (A) a public statement by the administrator of such Original Reference Rate that it 
will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing such Original Reference Rate, permanently 
or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will 
continue publication of such Original Reference Rate) and (B) the date falling six months prior to 
the specified date referred to in (ii)(A); or 
(iii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such Original 
Reference Rate that such Original Reference Rate has been or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such 
Original Reference Rate that such Original Reference Rate will, on or before a specified date, be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (B) the date falling six months prior to the specified 
dated referred to in (iv)(A); or 
(v) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such 
Original Reference Rate that such Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or 
that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case on or before a 
specified date and (B) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (v)(A); 
or 
(vi) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as 
applicable, become unlawful for the Calculation Agent or any other agents party to the Agency 
Agreement to calculate any payments due to be made to the Holders using such Original 
Reference Rate; or 
(vii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such Original 
Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer representative or may 
no longer be used; 
“Benchmark Replacement” means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate, the first alternative set 
forth in the order below that can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for such Original Reference Rate and (b) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;

--- Page 50 ---
50 
(ii) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer as the 
replacement for such Original Reference Rate giving due consideration to any industry-accepted 
rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated 
floating rate notes at such time and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can 
be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which 
may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, 
the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected 
by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for 
calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current 
benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated 
floating rate notes at such time; 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of 
Interest Accrual Period, the timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, 
rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer decides may be 
appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent 
with market practice (or, if the Issuer decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Issuer determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark 
Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer determines is reasonably necessary); 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the 
Original Reference Rate (including the daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event,” the later of (a) 
the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date 
on which the administrator of the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely ceases to 
provide the Original Reference Rate (or such component); or 
(ii) 
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event,” the date of the 
public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the 
same day as, but earlier than, the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, the 
Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Relevant Time for such 
determination; 
“Benchmark Transition Event” means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate, the occurrence of 
one or more of the following events with respect to such Original Reference Rate (including the daily 
published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such 
Original Reference Rate (or such component) announcing that such administrator has ceased or 
will cease to provide such Original Reference Rate (or such component), permanently or

--- Page 51 ---
51 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide such Original Reference Rate (or such component); or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of such Original Reference Rate (or such component), the central bank for the 
currency of such Original Reference Rate (or such component), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for such Original Reference Rate (or such component), a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Original Reference Rate (or 
such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator for such Original Reference Rate, which states that the administrator of such 
Original Reference Rate (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide such Original 
Reference Rate (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of 
such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
such Original Reference Rate (or such component); or 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of such Original Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is 
no longer representative; 
“Broken Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement;  
“BRRD” means the Directive (2014/59/EU) of the European Parliament and of the Council on resolution 
and recovery of credit institutions and investment firms dated 15 May 2014 and published in the Official 
Journal of the European Union on 12 June 2014 (or, as the case may be, any provision of Danish law 
transposing or implementing such Directive), as amended or replaced from time to time (including, for 
the avoidance of doubt, the amendments to such Directive resulting from Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council dated 20 May 2019 (“BRRD II”) and published in the Official 
Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019); 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of Interest Determination Dates and Reset Determination Dates only, where the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specifies a “Business Day” preceded by a city for the 
purposes of the Interest Determination Date(s) or, as the case may be, the Reset Determination 
Date(s), a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in that city; and 
(ii) 
in all other cases: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in each Applicable Business Centre, and if TARGET is an Applicable 
Business Centre, a TARGET Settlement Day; and 
(b) 
in the case of CNY Notes and any sum payable in CNY, a day (other than a Saturday, 
Sunday or public holiday) on which commercial banks in Hong Kong are generally open 
for business and settlement for CNY payments in Hong Kong; 
“Business Day Convention”, in relation to any particular date, shall be as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, may 
have different meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall 
have the following meanings: 
(i) 
“Following Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day;

--- Page 52 ---
52 
(ii) 
“Modified Following Business Day Convention” or “Modified Business Day Convention” 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day 
unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding 
day that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
“Preceding Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be brought forward to 
the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
“FRN Convention”, “Floating Rate Convention” or “Eurodollar Convention” means that 
each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in 
the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such 
date occurred provided, however, that: 
(a) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any 
such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in 
that calendar month; 
(b) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such 
date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the 
next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business 
Day; and 
(c) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(v) 
“No Adjustment” means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention; 
“Calculation Agent” means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement; 
“Calculation Amount” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement (the “Original Calculation Amount”), provided that, if the Outstanding Principal Amount 
of each Note is reduced as required by the current legislation and/or regulations applicable to the Issuer, 
the Calculation Agent shall (a) adjust the Calculation Amount on a pro-rata basis to account for such 
reduction and (b) notify the Holders in accordance with Condition 22 (Notices), the Fiscal Agent (if the 
Fiscal Agent is not the Calculation Agent) and the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) or the VP 
Systems Agent (in the case of VP Systems Notes) of the details of such adjustment; 
“Call Option” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Capital Event” means, if the Notes are Subordinated Notes, at any time, on or after the Issue Date of 
the last Tranche of a Series of such Notes, there is a change in the regulatory classification of such Notes 
that results or will result in: 
(i) 
their exclusion, in whole or in part, from the regulatory capital of the Issuer and/or Group; or 
(ii) 
reclassification, in whole or in part, as a lower quality form of regulatory capital of the Issuer 
and/or Group,

--- Page 53 ---
53 
in each case provided that the Issuer satisfies the DFSA that the regulatory reclassification of such Notes 
was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of their issuance and the DFSA considers the change to be 
sufficiently certain; 
“CIBOR” means the Copenhagen interbank offered rate; 
“CNY” means the lawful currency of the PRC which, for the purposes of these Conditions, excludes the 
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC, the Macau Special Administrative Region of the 
PRC and Taiwan; 
“CNY Notes” means Notes denominated in CNY; 
“Code” means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986; 
“Common Equity Tier 1 Capital” means common equity tier 1 capital (or any equivalent or successor 
term) of, as the case may be, the Issuer or the Group, in each case as calculated by the Issuer in 
accordance with CRD/CRR requirements and any applicable transitional arrangements under the 
CRD/CRR; 
“Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio” means: 
(i) 
in relation to the Issuer, the ratio (expressed as a percentage) of the aggregate amount of the 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer divided by the Risk Exposure Amounts of the Issuer; 
and 
(ii) 
in relation to the Group, the ratio (expressed as a percentage) of the aggregate amount of the 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital of the Group divided by the Risk Exposure Amounts of the 
Group, 
in each case, all as calculated by the Issuer at any time in accordance with CRD/CRR requirements and 
any applicable transitional arrangements under CRD/CRR and reported to the DFSA; 
“Contractual Currency” has the meaning given to such term in Condition 23 (Currency Indemnity); 
“Coupon Sheet” means, in relation to a Bearer Note, the coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
“CRD/CRR” means, as the context requires, any or any combination of the CRD Directive, the CRR and 
any CRD/CRR Implementing Measures; 
“CRD Directive” means the Directive (2013/36/EU) of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 2013 and published in 
the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013 (or, as the case may be, any provision of 
Danish law transposing or implementing such Directive), as amended or replaced from time to time 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, the amendments to such Directive resulting from Directive (EU) 
2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council as regards exempted entities, financial holding 
companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and 
capital conservation measures dated 20 May 2019 and published in the Official Journal of the European 
Union on 7 June 2019); 
“CRD/CRR Implementing Measures” means any regulatory capital rules or regulations or other 
requirements, which are applicable to the Issuer and which prescribe (alone or in conjunction with any 
other rules, regulations or other requirements) the requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for 
their inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer (on a non-consolidated or consolidated basis) to the 
extent required by the CRD Directive or the CRR, including for the avoidance of doubt and without

--- Page 54 ---
54 
limitation any regulatory technical standards released from time to time by the European Banking 
Authority (or any successor or replacement thereof); 
“CRR” means the Regulation (2013/575) of the European Parliament and of the Council on prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 2013 and published in the Official 
Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013, as amended or replaced from time to time (including, for 
the avoidance of doubt, the amendments to such Regulation resulting from Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, 
requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to 
central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and 
disclosure requirements dated 20 May 2019 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union 
on 7 June 2019); 
“Currency Calculation Agent” means the Person specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement as the party responsible for making certain determinations in relation to Currency Events; 
“Currency Events” means any one of Illiquidity, Non-Transferability and Inconvertibility; 
“Danish Bankruptcy Act” means the Danish Bankruptcy Act (Consolidated Act No. 775 of 3 May 2021, 
as amended or replaced from time to time) (in Danish: “konkursloven”); 
“Danish Financial Business Act” means the Danish Financial Business Act (Consolidated Act No. 1447 
of 11 September 2020, as amended or replaced from time to time); 
“Danish Recovery and Resolution Act” means the Danish Recovery and Resolution Act of Certain 
Financial Undertakings (Consolidated Act No. 24 of 4 January 2019, as amended or replaced from time 
to time); 
“Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers” means any write-down, conversion, transfer, 
modification, suspension or similar or related power existing from time to time under, and exercised in 
compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in Denmark, relating to (i) the 
transposition of the BRRD (or, as the case may be, any provision of Danish law transposing or 
implementing such Directive) as amended or replaced from time to time and (ii) the instruments, rules 
and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of the Issuer (or any affiliate of the 
Issuer) can be reduced, cancelled, modified or converted into Ordinary Shares, other securities or other 
obligations of the Issuer or any other Person or suspended for a temporary period;  
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
“Calculation Period”), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is so specified, means: 
(a) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during which 
it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (A) 
the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (B) the number of Regular Periods 
in any year; and 
(b) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(i) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (A) the actual number of 
days in such Regular Period and (B) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
and

--- Page 55 ---
55 
(ii) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Regular 
Period divided by the product of (A) the actual number of days in such Regular 
Period and (B) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365”, “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is so specified, means the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360” is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30; and 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 56 ---
56 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
“Designated Maturity” means, in respect of a Series of Notes for which (i) the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as being applicable and (ii) 
Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the relevant Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement, the period of time designated in the relevant Reference Rate; 
“DFSA” means the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority (in Danish: “Finanstilsynet”) and any 
successor or replacement thereto, or other authority having primary responsibility for the prudential 
oversight and supervision of the Issuer and/or (in the case of Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes) the FS (if applicable), in any case as determined by the Issuer; 
“Early Redemption Amount (Tax)” means, in respect of any Preferred Senior Note or Non-Preferred 
Senior Note, its Outstanding Principal Amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or calculated 
or determined in accordance with, these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Enforcement Events” has the meaning given to such term in Condition 16 (Enforcement Events); 
“EURIBOR” means the Eurozone interbank offered rate;

--- Page 57 ---
57 
“Euroclear Sweden” means Euroclear Sweden AB, the Swedish central securities depository; 
“Event Currency Jurisdiction” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement; 
 “Exempt Notes” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 1.1 (Programme); 
“Extraordinary Resolution” has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
“Fallback Relevant Time” means the time specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement;  
“Final Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Note, its Outstanding Principal Amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these Conditions or the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“First Reset Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“First Reset Margin” means the margin specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“First Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but excluding) the 
Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, the Maturity Date; 
“First Reset Period Fallback Yield” means the yield specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement; 
“First Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of the First Reset Period and, if applicable, subject to 
Condition 6.7 (Fallbacks) and Condition 6.8 (Reset Reference Rate Conversion), the rate of interest 
determined by the Calculation Agent on (or, if applicable, in respect of) the relevant Reset Determination 
Date as the sum of the relevant Reset Reference Rate and the First Reset Margin; 
“FS” means “Finansiel Stabilitet” and any successor or replacement thereto, or other resolution authority 
with the ability to exercise any Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers in relation to the Issuer, in any 
case as determined by the Issuer; 
“Fixed Coupon Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Governmental Authority” means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or instrumentality 
thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other entity (private or 
public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) of: 
(i) 
in the case of CNY Notes, Hong Kong; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes other than CNY Notes, the Event Currency Jurisdiction; 
“Group” means the Issuer together with its Subsidiaries and other entities that are consolidated in the 
Issuer’s calculation of the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio on a consolidated level in accordance 
with CRD/CRR requirements; 
“H.15” means the daily statistical release designated as H.15, or any successor publication, published by 
the board of governors of the Federal Reserve System at http://www.federalreserve.gov/releases/H15 or 
such other page, section, successor site or publication as may replace it;  
“HIBOR” means the Hong Kong interbank offered rate; 
“Hong Kong” means the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of China;

--- Page 58 ---
58 
“IA Determination Cut-off Date” means:  
(i) 
 in the case of Notes for which the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as being applicable, in any Interest Period, the date that is 
no later than five Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the 
immediately following Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
 in the case of Notes for which the Reset Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement as being applicable, in any Reset Period, the date that is no later 
than five Business Days prior to the Reset Determination Date relating to the next succeeding 
Reset Period;  
 “Illiquidity” means: 
(i) 
in the case of CNY Notes, the general CNY exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid as 
a result of which the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates cannot obtain sufficient CNY in order to 
make a payment (in whole or in part) or perform any other of its obligations under the Notes; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes other than CNY Notes, the general exchange market in relation to the 
Specified Currency in the Event Currency Jurisdiction becomes illiquid as a result of which the 
Issuer and/or any of its affiliates cannot obtain sufficient Specified Currency in order to make a 
payment (in whole or in part) or perform any other of its obligations under the Notes, 
as determined by the Currency Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; 
“Inconvertibility” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible, impracticable or illegal 
for the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates to convert any amount into or from: 
(i) 
in the case of CNY Notes, CNY as may be required to be paid by the Issuer under the Notes on 
any payment date or such other amount as may be determined by the Currency Calculation Agent 
in its sole and absolute discretion at the general CNY exchange market in Hong Kong; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes other than CNY Notes, the Specified Currency as may be required to be paid 
by the Issuer under the Notes on any payment date or such other amount as may be determined 
by the Currency Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion at the general exchange 
market in relation to the Specified Currency in the Event Currency Jurisdiction, 
other than where such impossibility, impracticability or illegality is due solely to the failure of that party 
to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule 
or regulation is enacted after the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes and it is impossible for the 
Issuer and/or any of its affiliates, due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer or the relevant affiliate, 
to comply with such law, rule or regulation); 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets, in each case 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
“Initial Mid-Swap Rate” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Initial Rate of Interest” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Interest Accrual Period” means (i) each Interest Period and (ii) any other period (if any) in respect of 
which interest is to be calculated, being the period from (and including) the first day of such period to 
(but excluding) the day on which the relevant payment of interest falls due;

--- Page 59 ---
59 
“Interest Amount” means, in relation to the Calculation Amount and an Interest Period, the amount of 
interest payable in respect of the Calculation Amount for that Interest Period; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date of the Note or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Interest Determination Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement; 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance with 
the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and, if a Business Day Convention is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in 
accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at 
such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the 
case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
“Interest Period” means, unless otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date or any Interest Payment Date 
and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; 
“ISDA Definitions” means either: (i) the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated as at the date 
of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series) as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc. (“ISDA”) (the “2006 ISDA Definitions”) or (ii) the latest version of 
the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the 
Notes of the relevant Series) as published by ISDA (the “2021 ISDA Definitions”), in each case as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value 
or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined 
upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Original Reference Rate; 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Original 
Reference Rate for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
“Issue Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Margin” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Maturity Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Maximum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement; 
“Member States” means the member states of the European Economic Area; 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate” means, subject as provided in Condition 8 (Reference Rate Replacement – 
Independent Adviser), if applicable, for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates for the 
fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis

--- Page 60 ---
60 
(calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the 
Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing 
on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the 
relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and 
(iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Floating 
Leg Maturity (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the Specified 
Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent);  
“Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation” means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for 
the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
“Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate” means, subject as provided in Condition 8 (Reference Rate 
Replacement – Independent Adviser), if applicable, EURIBOR (if the Specified Currency is euro),  
CIBOR (if the Specified Currency is Danish Kroner), NIBOR (if the Specified Currency is Norwegian 
Kroner), STIBOR (if the Specified Currency is Swedish Kronor) or (in the case of any other Specified 
Currency) the benchmark rate most closely connected with such Specified Currency and selected by the 
Issuer in its discretion; 
“Mid-Swap Floating Leg Maturity” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement; 
“Minimum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement; 
“MREL Disqualification Event” means, in respect of a Series of Preferred Senior Notes or Non-
Preferred Senior Notes, the determination by the Issuer that, as a result of: 
(i) 
the implementation of any Applicable MREL Regulations on or after the date of issue of the last 
Tranche of such Notes; or 
(ii) 
a change in any Applicable MREL Regulations becoming effective on or after the date of issue 
of the last Tranche of such Notes, 
it is likely that all or part of the Outstanding Principal Amounts of such Series of Notes will be excluded 
from the “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) available to meet any MREL 
Requirement (however called or defined by then Applicable MREL Regulations) if the Issuer and/or the 
Group is/are then or, as the case may be, will be subject to such MREL Requirement, provided that a 
MREL Disqualification Event shall not occur where such exclusion:  
(a) 
is or will be caused by:  
(1)  
the remaining maturity of such Notes being less than any period prescribed by any 
applicable eligibility criteria under the Applicable MREL Regulations; or  
(2)  
any applicable limits on the amount of “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or 
successor term) permitted or allowed to meet any MREL Requirement(s) being 
exceeded; and/or 
(b) 
was reasonably foreseeable at the date of issue of the last Tranche of such Notes;  
“MREL Eligible Liabilities” means “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) which are 
available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by the then Applicable MREL 
Regulations) of the Issuer and/or the Group under Applicable MREL Regulations; 
“MREL Requirement” means the total loss-absorbing capacity requirement and/or the minimum 
requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities, in each case which is or, as the case may be, will be, 
applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group;

--- Page 61 ---
61 
“New York Federal Reserve’s Website” means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
or any successor source; 
“NIBOR” means the Norwegian interbank offered rate; 
“Non-Preferred Senior Liabilities” means any unsubordinated and unsecured liabilities of the Issuer 
which rank below (i) any Preferred Senior Notes and (ii) any obligations of the Issuer that rank pari 
passu with any Preferred Senior Notes upon an insolvency of the Issuer in accordance with Section 13(3) 
of the Danish Recovery and Resolution Act); 
“Non-Preferred Senior Notes” means the Notes (i) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement and (ii) having the status set out in Condition 5.2 (Status – Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes); 
“Non-Transferability” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible, impracticable or 
illegal for the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates to deliver: 
(i) 
in the case of CNY Notes, CNY between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account inside 
Hong Kong to an account outside Hong Kong; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes other than CNY Notes, the Specified Currency between accounts inside the 
Event Currency Jurisdiction or from an account inside the Event Currency Jurisdiction to an 
account outside the Event Currency Jurisdiction,  
other than where such impossibility, impracticability or illegality is due solely to the failure of the Issuer 
and/or the relevant affiliate to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental 
Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the date of issue of the first Tranche of the 
Notes and it is impossible for the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates, due to an event beyond the control of 
the Issuer and/or the relevant affiliate, to comply with such law, rule or regulation); 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Call)” means, in respect of any Note, its Outstanding Principal 
Amount, or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
 “Optional Redemption Date (Call)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement; 
 “Ordinary Shares” means fully paid-up ordinary shares in the capital of the Issuer; 
“Original Calculation Amount” has the meaning given to such term in the definition of Calculation 
Amount;  
“Original Reference Rate” means: 
(i) 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally specified for the purpose of determining 
the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) thereof) of the relevant Notes; or  
(ii) 
any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate which has been determined in 
relation to such benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant to the operation of Condition 8 
(Reference Rate Replacement – Independent Adviser); or  
(iii) 
any Benchmark Replacement which has been determined in relation to such benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) pursuant to the operation of Condition 9 (Reference Rate Replacement – 
ARRC),

--- Page 62 ---
62 
as applicable; 
“Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement. In the case of Notes other than Exempt Notes, the Original Reset Reference Rate 
Payment Basis shall be annual, semi-annual, quarterly or monthly; 
“Outstanding Principal Amount” means, in respect of a Note, the outstanding principal amount of such 
Note, as adjusted from time to time for any reduction of the principal amount of such Note as required by 
then current legislation and/or regulations applicable to the Issuer, and “Outstanding Principal 
Amounts” means the sum of the Outstanding Principal Amount of each Note; 
“Participating Member State” means a Member State of the European Communities which adopts the 
euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
“Paying Agents” means the Fiscal Agent and any substitute or additional paying agents appointed in 
accordance with the Agency Agreement; 
“Payment Business Day” means: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in (a) 
the relevant place of presentation and (b) each Applicable Financial Centre specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and, if TARGET is an Applicable Financial Centre, 
a TARGET Settlement Day; and  
(ii) 
in the case of CNY Notes and any sum payable in CNY, a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or 
public holiday) on which commercial banks in Hong Kong are generally open for business and 
settlement for CNY payments in Hong Kong; 
“Permission Withdrawal Early Redemption Restriction” has the meaning given to such term in 
Condition 11.12 (Conditions to redemption etc. prior to Maturity Date (if any)); 
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
“PRC” means the People’s Republic of China which, for the purposes of this definition only, excludes 
the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC, the Macau Special Administrative Region of 
the PRC and Taiwan; 
“Preferred Senior Notes” means the Notes (i) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement and (ii) having the status set out in Condition 5.1 (5.1 Status – Preferred Senior Notes); 
“Private Placement Legend” means the legend set forth in the form of Registered Notes scheduled to 
the Agency Agreement; 
“Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129; 
“Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes” means, in respect of a Series of Non-Preferred Senior Notes, 
at any time, any securities (other than such Notes) issued or guaranteed by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
contain terms which comply with the then current requirements for “eligible liabilities” (or any 
equivalent or successor term) provided for in the Applicable MREL Regulations in relation to the 
relevant MREL Requirement(s) (which, for the avoidance of doubt, may result in the relevant 
securities (a) not including, or restricting for a period of time the application of, one or more of 
the early redemption rights which are included in the relevant Notes, and (b) including change(s) 
compared to the terms of the relevant Notes which are necessary to ensure the effectiveness and

--- Page 63 ---
63 
enforceability of Condition 25.6 (Acknowledgement of Danish Statutory Loss Absorption 
Powers); and 
(ii) 
if the relevant substitution and variation of the relevant Notes pursuant to Condition 11.11 
(Substitution and variation of Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes) is to 
ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 25.6 (Acknowledgement of Danish 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers), contain terms which include change(s) compared to the 
terms of the relevant Notes which are necessary to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 25.6 (Acknowledgement of Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers); and 
(iii) 
carry the same rate of interest as the relevant Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation 
pursuant to Condition 11.11 (Substitution and variation of Preferred Senior Notes and Non-
Preferred Senior Notes); and 
(iv) 
have the same Specified Denomination(s) and Outstanding Principal Amounts as the relevant 
Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 11.11 (Substitution and 
variation of Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes); and 
(v) 
have the same Maturity Date and the same Interest Payment Dates as the relevant Notes prior to 
the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 11.11 (Substitution and variation of 
Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes); and 
(vi) 
have at least the same ranking as the relevant Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation 
pursuant to Condition 11.11 (Substitution and variation of Preferred Senior Notes and Non-
Preferred Senior Notes); and 
(vii) 
shall not, immediately following the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 
11.11 (Substitution and variation of Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes) be 
subject to a MREL Disqualification Event and/or a tax event referred to in Condition 10.2 (Early 
redemption for tax reasons); and 
(viii) 
have terms not otherwise materially less favourable to the Holders than the terms of the relevant 
Notes, as determined by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion, and provided that the Issuer 
shall have delivered a certificate to that effect signed by two of its directors to the Fiscal Agent 
(and copies thereof will be available at the Fiscal Agent’s Specified Office during its normal 
business hours) not less than 5 Business Days prior to (a) in the case of a substitution of the 
relevant Notes pursuant to Condition 11.11 (Substitution and variation of Preferred Senior Notes 
and Non-Preferred Senior Notes), the issue date of the relevant securities or (b) in the case of a 
variation of the relevant Notes pursuant to Condition 11.11 (Substitution and variation of 
Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes), the date such variation becomes 
effective; and 
(ix) 
if (a) the relevant Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market immediately 
prior to the relevant substitution or variation, are listed or admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market or (b) the relevant Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a recognised stock 
exchange other than a Regulated Market immediately prior to the relevant substitution or 
variation, are listed or admitted to trading on any recognised stock exchange (including, without 
limitation, a Regulated Market), in either case as selected by the Issuer;  
“Qualifying Preferred Senior Notes” means, in respect of a Series of Preferred Senior Notes, at any 
time, any securities (other than such Notes) issued or guaranteed by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
contain terms which comply with the then current requirements for “eligible liabilities” (or any 
equivalent or successor term) provided for in the Applicable MREL Regulations in relation to the 
relevant MREL Requirement(s) (which, for the avoidance of doubt, may result in the relevant 
securities (a) not including, or restricting for a period of time the application of, one or more of 
the early redemption rights which are included in the relevant Notes, and (b) including change(s) 
compared to the terms of the relevant Notes which are necessary to ensure the effectiveness and

--- Page 64 ---
64 
enforceability of Condition 25.6 (Acknowledgement of Danish Statutory Loss Absorption 
Powers); and 
(ii) 
if the relevant substitution and variation of the relevant Notes pursuant to Condition 11.11 
(Substitution and variation of Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes) is to 
ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 25.6 (Acknowledgement of Danish 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers), contain terms which include change(s) compared to the 
terms of the relevant Notes which are necessary to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 25.6 (Acknowledgement of Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers); and 
(iii) 
carry the same rate of interest as the relevant Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation 
pursuant to Condition 11.11 (Substitution and variation of Preferred Senior Notes and Non-
Preferred Senior Notes); and 
(iv) 
have the same Specified Denomination(s) and Outstanding Principal Amounts as the relevant 
Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 11.11 (Substitution and 
variation of Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes); and 
(v) 
have the same Maturity Date and the same Interest Payment Dates as the relevant Notes prior to 
the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 11.11 (Substitution and variation of 
Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes); and 
(vi) 
have at least the same ranking as the relevant Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation 
pursuant to Condition 11.11 (Substitution and variation of Preferred Senior Notes and Non-
Preferred Senior Notes); and 
(vii) 
shall not, immediately following the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 
11.11 (Substitution and variation of Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes) be 
subject to a MREL Disqualification Event and/or a tax event referred to in Condition 10.2 (Early 
redemption for tax reasons); and 
(viii) 
have terms not otherwise materially less favourable to the Holders than the terms of the relevant 
Notes, as determined by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion, and provided that the Issuer 
shall have delivered a certificate to that effect signed by two of its directors to the Fiscal Agent 
(and copies thereof will be available at the Fiscal Agent’s Specified Office during its normal 
business hours) not less than 5 Business Days prior to (a) in the case of a substitution of the 
relevant Notes pursuant to Condition 11.11 (Substitution and variation of Preferred Senior Notes 
and Non-Preferred Senior Notes), the issue date of the relevant securities or (b) in the case of a 
variation of the relevant Notes pursuant to Condition 11.11 (Substitution and variation of 
Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes), the date such variation becomes 
effective; and 
(ix) 
if (a) the relevant Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market immediately 
prior to the relevant substitution or variation, are listed or admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market or (b) the relevant Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a recognised stock 
exchange other than a Regulated Market immediately prior to the relevant substitution or 
variation, are listed or admitted to trading on any recognised stock exchange (including, without 
limitation, a Regulated Market), in either case as selected by the Issuer;  
“Qualifying Subordinated Notes” means in respect of a Series of Subordinated Notes, at any time, any 
securities (other than such Notes) issued or guaranteed by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
(a) contain terms which at such time comply with CRD/CRR requirements in relation to Tier 2 
Capital (which, for the avoidance of doubt, may result in such securities (A) not including, or 
restricting for a period of time the application of, one or both of the Special Event redemption 
events which are included in the relevant Notes, and (B) including change(s) compared to the 
terms of the relevant Notes which are necessary to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 25.6 (Acknowledgement of Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers)) and (b) 
provide at least the same amount of regulatory capital recognition as the relevant Notes prior to

--- Page 65 ---
65 
the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 11.10 (Substitution and variation of 
Subordinated Notes); and 
(ii) 
if the relevant substitution or variation of the relevant Notes pursuant to Condition 11.10 
(Substitution and variation of Subordinated Notes) is to ensure the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 25.6 (Acknowledgement of Danish Statutory Loss Absorption 
Powers), contain terms which include change(s) compared to the terms of the relevant Notes 
which are necessary to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 25.6 
(Acknowledgement of Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers); and 
(iii) 
carry the same rate of interest, including, if applicable, for the avoidance of doubt any reset 
provisions, from time to time applying to the relevant Notes prior to the relevant substitution or 
variation pursuant to Condition 11.10 (Substitution and variation of Subordinated Notes); and 
(iv) 
have the same Specified Denomination(s) and Outstanding Principal Amounts as the relevant 
Notes prior to substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 11.10 (Substitution and variation of 
Subordinated Notes); and 
(v) 
have the same Maturity Date and the same Interest Payment Dates as the relevant Notes prior to 
the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 11.10 (Substitution and variation of 
Subordinated Notes); and 
(vi) 
rank pari passu with the relevant Notes prior to the substitution or variation pursuant to 
Condition 11.10 (Substitution and variation of Subordinated Notes); and 
(vii) 
shall not at such time be subject to a Special Event; and 
(viii) 
have terms not otherwise materially less favourable to the Holders than the terms of the relevant 
Notes, as reasonably determined by the Issuer, and provided that the Issuer shall have delivered a 
certificate to that effect signed by two of its directors to the Fiscal Agent (and copies thereof will 
be available at the Fiscal Agent’s Specified Office during its normal business hours) not less than 
5 Business Days prior to (a) in the case of a substitution of the relevant Notes pursuant to 
Condition 11.10 (Substitution and variation of Subordinated Notes), the issue date of the relevant 
securities or (b) in the case of a variation of the relevant Notes pursuant to Condition 11.10 
(Substitution and variation of Subordinated Notes), the date such variation becomes effective; 
and 
(ix) 
if (a) the relevant Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market immediately 
prior to the relevant substitution or variation, are listed or admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market or (b) the relevant Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a recognised stock 
exchange other than a Regulated Market immediately prior to the relevant substitution or 
variation, are listed or admitted to trading on any recognised stock exchange (including, without 
limitation, a Regulated Market), in either case as selected by the Issuer; 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement or calculated or 
determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement and shall include, inter alia, the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of 
Interest and the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable and subject, at all times, if any such rate 
is below zero, that such rate will be deemed to be zero, unless otherwise stated in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
 
“Record Date” has the meaning given to such term in Condition 13 (Payments – Registered Notes); 
“Redemption Amount” means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), the Outstanding Principal Amounts, the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) or such 
other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of, these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement;

--- Page 66 ---
66 
“Reference Banks” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement or, if none, 
four major banks selected by the Issuer; 
“Reference Bond” means, in relation to any Reset Period, a government security or securities issued by 
the state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is euro, shall be 
Germany), as selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute, that 
would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing 
new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable 
maturity to such Reset Period;  
“Reference Bond Quotation” means, in relation to a Reset Reference Bank and a Reset Determination 
Date:  
(i) 
if Reference Bond is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, the arithmetic mean, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of the bid and offered 
yields for the relevant Reference Bond provided to the Calculation Agent by such Reset 
Reference Bank at approximately the Relevant Time on such Reset Determination Date; or 
(ii) 
if CMT Rate is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, the rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of the Original Reset Reference 
Rate Payment Basis yield-to-maturity based on the secondary market bid price of such Reset 
Reference Bank for the relevant Reset United States Treasury Security at approximately the 
Fallback Relevant Time on the United States Government Securities Business Day following 
such Reset Determination Date; 
“Reference Price” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Reference Rate” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, subject as 
provided in Condition 8 (Reference Rate Replacement – Independent Adviser) or Condition 9 (Reference 
Rate Replacement – ARRC), as applicable. In the case of Notes other than Exempt Notes, the Reference 
Rate shall be any one of SONIA, SOFR, EURIBOR, NIBOR, STIBOR, CIBOR, SHIBOR, BBSW or 
HIBOR, subject as provided in Condition 8 (Reference Rate Replacement – Independent Adviser) or 
Condition 9 (Reference Rate Replacement – ARRC), as applicable; 
“Registered Notes” means Notes issued in registered form; 
“Registered Holder” means the persons in whose name a Registered Note is for the time being registered 
by the Registrar; 
“Registrar” means the Principal Registrar or, if so specified, any alternative Registrar specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Regular Period” means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, 
each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the first 
Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including one Interest Payment Date 
to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid 
only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any 
year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where “Regular Date” means the day and month 
(but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and

--- Page 67 ---
67 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest Period, 
interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where 
“Regular Date” means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date 
falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period; 
“Regulated Market” means a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU; 
“Relevant Amounts” means the outstanding principal amount of the Notes, together with any accrued 
but unpaid interest and additional amounts (as described in Condition 15 (Taxation)) due on the Notes. 
References to such amounts will include amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not 
been paid, prior to the exercise of any Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the FS; 
“Relevant Banking Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in the place of presentation of the relevant Note 
or, as the case may be, Coupon or, in connection with the transfer of Registered Notes only, the place of 
the Specified Office of the Registrar; 
“Relevant Currency” means euro or such other currency as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement; 
“Relevant Date” means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (i) the date on which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (ii) if the full amount payable has not been received in the 
Applicable Financial Centre of the currency of payment by, in the case of Bearer Notes, the Fiscal Agent 
or, in the case of Registered Notes, the Registrar on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full 
amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the Holders in accordance with 
Condition 22 (Notices); 
“Relevant Financial Centre” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference Rate relates, or any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
such Original Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference Rate relates, (b) 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of such Original Reference Rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks 
or other supervisory authorities, or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; 
“Relevant Reset Margin” means, in respect of a Reset Period, whichever of the First Reset Margin or 
the Subsequent Reset Margin is applicable for the purpose of determining the Rate of Interest in respect 
of such Reset Period; 
“Relevant Screen Page” means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, the Reuters Money 3000 Service) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in 
the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it 
on that information service or such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the 
Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of (i) displaying rates or

--- Page 68 ---
68 
prices comparable to the Reference Rate or (ii) displaying rates or yields (as the case may be) for the 
relevant Reset Reference Rate, as the case may be; 
“Relevant Time” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Reset Date” means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date (as 
applicable); 
“Reset Determination Date” means, in respect of a Reset Period, the date specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Reset Period” means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be; 
“Reset Period Maturity Initial Mid-Swap Rate” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement; 
“Reset Reference Bank Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Period and the Reset Determination Date in 
relation to such Reset Period, the rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) determined on the 
basis of the Reference Bond Quotations provided by the Reset Reference Banks to the Calculation Agent 
at approximately:  
(i)  
if Reference Bond is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, the Relevant Time on such Reset Determination Date; or  
(ii)  
if CMT Rate is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, the Fallback Relevant Time on the United States Government Securities Business 
Day following such Reset Determination Date.  
If at least three such Reference Bond Quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the Reference Bond Quotations provided, eliminating the 
highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the 
event of equality, one of the lowest). If only two Reference Bond Quotations are provided, the Reset 
Reference Bank Rate will be the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the Reference Bond 
Quotations provided. If fewer than two Reference Bond Quotations are provided, the Reset Reference 
Bank Rate for the relevant Reset Interest Period will be (a) in the case of each Reset Period other than the 
First Reset Period, the Reset Reference Bank Rate in respect of the immediately preceding Reset Period 
or (b) in the case of the First Reset Period, the First Reset Period Fallback Yield; 
“Reset Reference Banks” means:  
(i) 
  if Mid-Swap Rate is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, the principal office in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency of five major banks in the swap, money, securities or other market most closely 
connected with the relevant Reset Reference Rate;  
(ii) 
  if Reference Bond is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, the principal office in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency of five major banks which are primary government securities dealers or market 
makers in pricing corporate bond issues denominated in the Specified Currency; or 
(iii) 
 if CMT Rate is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, five major banks which are primary United States Treasury Securities dealers or 
market makers in pricing corporate bond issues denominated in U.S. dollars, as published on 
the New York Federal Reserve’s Website,

--- Page 69 ---
69 
in each case, as selected by the Issuer in its discretion; 
“Reset Reference Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 6.7 
(Fallbacks) and Condition 8 (Reference Rate Replacement – Independent Adviser), if applicable: 
(i) 
if Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement: 
(a) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is further specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, the rate for swaps in the Specified Currency:  
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
 
 
 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(b) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is further specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, the arithmetic mean (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded 
upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations for swaps in the Specified 
Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and  
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date,  
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately the Relevant Time on such Reset Determination Date, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(ii) 
if Reference Bond is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement: 
(a) 
if a Relevant Screen Page is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, the arithmetic mean (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded 
upwards)) of the bid and offered yields of the relevant Reference Bond, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent by reference to the Relevant Screen Page at the Relevant Time 
on such Reset Determination Date; or 
(b) 
if (i) a Relevant Screen Page is so specified and such rate does not appear on the 
Relevant Screen Page at such Relevant Time on such Reset Determination Date or (ii) a 
Relevant Screen Page is not so specified, the Reset Reference Bank Rate on such Reset 
Determination Date; or 
(iii) 
 if CMT Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and if the Specified 
Currency is U.S. dollars, the rate which is equal to: 
(a) 
the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis yield for United States Treasury 
Securities at “constant maturity” for a period to maturity which is equal or comparable 
to the duration of the relevant Reset Period, as published in the H.15 under the caption 
“Treasury constant maturities (nominal)”, as that yield is displayed on such Reset 
Determination Date, on the Relevant Screen Page; or

--- Page 70 ---
70 
(b) 
if the yield referred to in paragraph (a) above is not published by the Relevant Time on 
the Relevant Screen Page on such Reset Determination Date, the Original Reset 
Reference Rate Payment Basis yield for the United States Treasury Securities at 
“constant maturity” having a period to maturity which is equal or comparable to the 
duration of the relevant Reset Period as published in H.15 under the caption “Treasury 
constant maturities (nominal)” on such Reset Determination Date; or 
(c) 
if neither the yield referred to in paragraph (a) above nor the yield referred to in 
paragraph (b) above is published by the Fallback Relevant Time on such Reset 
Determination Date, the Reset Reference Bank Rate in respect of such Reset 
Determination Date, 
in the case of (ii) and (iii) above, all as determined by the Calculation Agent;  
“Reset United States Treasury Security” means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date, the United 
States Treasury Security:  
(i)  
with an original term to maturity upon issue of approximately the duration of the relevant Reset 
Period and a remaining term to maturity of not less than one year less than the duration of the 
relevant Reset Period; and  
(ii) 
which is in a principal amount equal to at least U.S.$1,000,000,000;  
“Restricted Securities” has the meaning given to such term in Rule 144(a)(3) under the United States 
Securities Act 1933; 
“Risk Exposure Amounts” means the aggregate amount of the risk exposure amounts (or any equivalent 
or successor term) of, as the case may be, the Issuer or the Group, in each case as calculated by the Issuer 
in accordance with CRD/CRR requirements and any applicable transitional arrangements under 
CRD/CRR; 
“Second Reset Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“SHIBOR” means the Shanghai interbank offered rate; 
“SOFR” means, in respect of any Relevant Business Day (“RBDx”), a reference rate equal to the daily 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate for such RBDx as provided by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR 
Administrator’s Website or such other Relevant Screen Page as specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, in each case at or about 3.00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Relevant Business 
Day immediately following RBDx; 
“SOFR Administrator” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of 
SOFR); 
“SOFR Administrator’s Website” means the website of the SOFR Administrator, or any successor 
source; 
“SONIA” means, in respect of any Relevant Business Day (“RBDy”), a reference rate equal to the daily 
Sterling Overnight Index Average rate for such RBDy as provided by the administrator of SONIA to 
authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or, if the Relevant Screen 
Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors), in each case at or about 
12.00 p.m. (London time) on the Relevant Business Day immediately following RBDy; 
“Special Event” means either a Tax Event or a Capital Event;

--- Page 71 ---
71 
“Specified Currency” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Specified Denomination(s)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Specified Office” has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
“Specified Period” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“STIBOR” means the Stockholm interbank offered rate; 
“Subordinated Notes” means the Notes (i) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement and (ii) having the status set out in Condition 5.3 (Status – Subordinated Notes); 
“Subsequent Reset Date” means the date or dates specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement; 
“Subsequent Reset Margin” means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement; 
“Subsequent Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) a 
Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date or the Maturity 
Date, as the case may be;  
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and, if 
applicable, subject to Condition 6.7 (Fallbacks) and Condition 6.8 (Reset Reference Rate Conversion), 
the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on (or, if applicable, in respect of) the relevant 
Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Reset Reference Rate and the relevant Subsequent 
Reset Margin; 
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any Person (the “first Person”) at any particular time, any other 
Person (the “second Person”): 
(i) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, whether by 
ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the governing 
body of the second Person or otherwise; or 
(ii) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person; 
“Successor Reference Rate” means the rate that the Issuer determines is a successor to or replacement of 
the Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
“Talon” means a talon for further Coupons; 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross 
settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (“TARGET”), which was launched on 19 November 
2007, or any successor thereto is open for the settlement of payments in euro; 
“Tax Event” has the meaning given to such term in Condition 11.2(B) (Early redemption for tax 
reasons); 
“Tier 2 Capital” means capital which is treated as a constituent of Tier 2 under CRD/CRR requirements 
by the DFSA for the purposes of the Issuer and this shall include all Tier 2 instruments (in Danish:

--- Page 72 ---
72 
“supplerende kapitalinstrumenter”) issued by the Issuer within the meaning of the Danish Financial 
Business Act;  
“Treaty” means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended; 
“UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; 
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment;  
“United States Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or 
a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed 
income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States 
government securities;  
“United States Treasury Securities” means securities that are direct obligations of the United States 
Treasury, issued other than on a discount basis;  
“VP” means VP Securities A/S, the Danish central securities depository; 
“VP Systems Notes” means Notes issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form cleared 
through VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden, as the case may be;  
“VPS” means the Norwegian central securities depository (Verdipapirsentralen ASA or Euronext VPS); 
and 
“Zero Coupon Note” means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
2.2 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
References to “Notes” shall be deemed to include references to “Coupons”, if relevant, and 
references to “Noteholders” or “Holders” shall be deemed to include references to 
“Couponholders”, if relevant; 
(ii) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders are not 
applicable; 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes which have more than 27 interest payments remaining, references to 
Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(iv) 
in the case of Notes which have fewer than 27 interest payments remaining, references to Talons 
are not applicable; 
(v) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any additional 
amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 15 (Taxation), any 
premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature of principal payable 
pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of interest 
which may be payable under Condition 15 (Taxation) and any other amount in the nature of 
interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vii) 
references to Notes being “outstanding” shall be construed in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement;

--- Page 73 ---
73 
(viii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2.1 (Definitions) to have the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, but the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement gives no 
such meaning or specifies that such expression is “not applicable” then such expression is not 
applicable to the Notes; 
(ix) 
any reference to the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant or the VP Systems Agency 
Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant or 
the VP Systems Agency Agreement, as the case may be, as amended and/or supplemented up to 
and including the Issue Date of the first Tranche of such Notes; 
(x) 
if the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specifies any Redemption Amount on a per 
Calculation Amount basis, the relevant Redemption Amount in respect of a Note shall be 
deemed to be the product of the relevant Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount and the 
amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination;  
(xi) 
VP Systems Notes are in dematerialised form, and any references in these Conditions to 
Coupons and Talons shall not apply to VP Systems Notes;  
(xii) 
any reference to a numbered “Condition” shall be to the relevant Condition in these Conditions; 
and 
(xiii) 
any reference to any legislation, any provision thereof or to any instrument, order or regulation 
made thereunder shall be construed as a reference to such legislation, provision, instrument, 
order or regulation as the same may have been, or may from time to time be, amended, replaced 
or re-enacted. 
3. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
3.1 
Form of Notes: The Notes are Bearer Notes, Registered Notes or VP Systems Notes, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. In the case of interest bearing Notes, the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement will specify whether the Fixed Rate Note Provisions or the Reset Note 
Provisions are applicable, in which case the relevant part of Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note and Reset Note 
Provisions) will apply, whether the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, in which case 
Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) will apply or whether a combination of the foregoing will 
apply, as the case may be. 
3.2 
Notes in Bearer Form: Bearer Notes are issued in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the 
case of a Series of Bearer Notes with more than one Specified Denomination, Bearer Notes of one 
Specified Denomination will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
Title to Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery. The Holder of any Bearer Note or Coupon shall 
(except as otherwise required by law) be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is 
overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon 
or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating such 
Holder. Bearer Notes will not be exchangeable for Registered Notes or VP Systems Notes. 
3.3 
Notes in Registered Form: Registered Notes are issued in the Specified Denomination and may be held in 
holdings equal to the Specified Denomination and integral multiples in excess thereof. The Holder of a 
Registered Note shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as its absolute owner for all 
purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any other 
interest therein, any writing on the Registered Note relating thereto (other than the endorsed form of 
transfer) or any previous loss or theft of such Registered Note) and no Person shall be liable for so 
treating such Holder. Title to Registered Notes will pass by transfer and registration in the register which 
the Issuer shall procure to be kept by the Registrar. Registered Notes will not be exchangeable for Bearer 
Notes or VP Systems Notes.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
3.4 
VP Systems Notes: VP Systems Notes are issued in the Specified Denomination(s). Title to the VP 
Systems Notes will pass by registration in the registers between the direct or indirect accountholders at 
VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden, as the case may be, in accordance with the rules and procedures of VP, 
VPS or Euroclear Sweden, as the case may be. Where a nominee is so evidenced, it shall be treated by the 
Issuer as the Holder of the relevant VP Systems Note. The Holder of a VP Systems Note will be the 
person evidenced as such by a book entry in the records of VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden, as the case 
may be. VP Systems Notes will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes or Registered Notes. 
3.5 
Adjustments to Outstanding Principal Amounts and Denominations: The Outstanding Principal Amounts 
may be reduced as required by then current legislation and/or regulations applicable to the Issuer. Any 
such adjustment to the Outstanding Principal Amounts will not have any effect on the Specified 
Denominations of such Notes. 
4. 
Transfer of Registered Notes 
4.1 
Transfer of Registered Notes: A Registered Note may, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set 
forth in the Agency Agreement, be transferred in nominal amounts in whole or in part only (provided that 
such nominal part is, or is an integral multiple of, the Specified Denomination) upon the surrender of the 
Registered Note to be transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on it duly completed and 
executed, at the Specified Office of the Registrar. A new Registered Note will be issued to the transferee 
and, in the case of a transfer of part only of a Registered Note, a new Registered Note in respect of the 
balance not transferred will be issued to the transferor. 
4.2 
Issue of new Registered Notes: Each new Registered Note to be issued upon the transfer of a Registered 
Note will, within four Relevant Banking Days of the day on which such Note was presented for transfer 
be available for collection by each relevant Holder at the Specified Office of the Registrar or, at the 
option of the Holder requesting such transfer, be mailed (by uninsured post at the risk of the Holder(s) 
entitled thereto) to such address(es) as may be specified by such Holder. For these purposes, a form of 
transfer received by the Registrar after the Record Date in respect of any payment due in respect of 
Registered Notes shall be deemed not to be effectively received by the Registrar until the day following 
the due date for such payment. 
4.3 
Charges for transfer: The issue of new Registered Notes on transfer will be effected without charge by or 
on behalf of the Issuer or the Registrar, but upon payment by the applicant of (or the giving by the 
applicant of such indemnity as the Issuer or the Registrar may require in respect of) any tax, duty or other 
governmental charges which may be imposed in relation thereto. 
4.4 
Private Placement Legend: Upon the transfer or replacement of Registered Notes bearing the Private 
Placement Legend, the Registrar shall deliver only Registered Notes that also bear such Private 
Placement Legend unless either: 
(i) 
such transfer or replacement occurs one year or more after the later of: 
 
 
(a) 
the original issue date of such Notes; or 
(b) 
the last date on which the Issuer or any Affiliates of the Issuer as notified to the Registrar 
by the Issuer was the beneficial owner of such Note (or any predecessor of such Note); 
or 
(ii) 
there is delivered to the Registrar an opinion reasonably satisfactory to the Issuer of counsel 
experienced in giving opinions with respect to questions arising under the securities laws of the 
United States to the effect that neither such legend nor the restrictions on transfer set forth 
therein are required in order to maintain compliance with the provisions of such laws. The Issuer 
covenants and agrees that it will not acquire any beneficial interest, and will cause its Affiliates 
not to acquire any beneficial interest, in any Registered Note bearing the Private Placement

--- Page 75 ---
75 
Legend unless it notifies the Registrar of such acquisition. The Registrar and all Holders shall be 
entitled to rely without further investigation on any such notification (or lack thereof). 
For so long as any of the Registered Notes bearing the Private Placement Legend remain outstanding and 
are Restricted Securities, the Issuer covenants and agrees that it shall, during any period in which it is not 
subject to Section 13 or 15(d) under the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934 nor exempt from 
reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) under such Act, make available to any Holder of such Notes in 
connection with any sale thereof and any prospective purchaser of such Notes from such Holder, in each 
case upon request, the information specified in, and meeting the requirements of, Rule 144A(d)(4) under 
the United States Securities Act 1933. 
5. 
Status of the Notes 
In respect of this Condition 5, reference is also made to statutory loss absorption as more fully described 
in the risk factor in this Base Prospectus entitled “European Union law includes Directive (2014/59/EU) 
of the European Parliament and of the Council on resolution and recovery of credit institutions and 
investment firms dated 15 May 2014 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 12 
June 2014, as amended or replaced from time to time (the “BRRD”) that established a framework for the 
recovery and resolution of, inter alia, credit institutions and provides the resolution tools, including the 
bail-in tool, and the power to write down or convert relevant capital instruments and eligible liabilities”. 
5.1 
Status – Preferred Senior Notes: The Preferred Senior Notes are intended to constitute MREL 
 
Eligible Liabilities. 
The Preferred Senior Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of 
the Issuer and will at all times rank:  
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves;  
(ii) 
at least pari passu with all other ordinary, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer, present and future, save for certain mandatory exceptions provided by law (including 
obligations benefitting from a preferred ranking to the Preferred Senior Notes); and 
(iii) 
senior to any Non-Preferred Senior Liabilities as regards the right to receive periodic payments 
on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
5.2 
Status – Non-Preferred Senior Notes: The Non-Preferred Senior Notes are intended to constitute MREL 
Eligible Liabilities. 
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes constitute direct, unconditional and unsecured Non-Preferred Senior 
Liabilities and will at all times rank: 
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
pari passu with all other Non-Preferred Senior Liabilities, in each case as regards the right to 
receive periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive 
repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer; 
(iii) 
senior to holders of the Ordinary Shares and any subordinated obligations or instruments that 
rank or are expressed to rank junior to the Non-Preferred Senior Liabilities, in each case as 
regards the right to receive periodic payments (to the extent any such periodic payment has not 
been cancelled) on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of 
capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer; and

--- Page 76 ---
76 
(iv) 
junior to present or future claims of (a) depositors of the Issuer and (b) other unsubordinated 
creditors of the Issuer that are not creditors in respect of Non-Preferred Senior Liabilities 
(including, without limitation, excluded liabilities of the Issuer pursuant to Article 72a(2) of the 
CRR), in each case as regards the right to receive periodic payments on a liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
5.3 
Status – Subordinated Notes: The Subordinated Notes (in Danish: “kapitalbeviser”) on issue constitute 
Tier 2 Capital. 
The Subordinated Notes constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated debt obligations of the Issuer, and 
will, subject to any ranking as provided for in (A) the Danish implementation of Article 48(7) of the 
BRRD in Section 13(4) (as amended or replaced from time to time) of the Danish Recovery and 
Resolution Act and/or (B) Section 13(5) (as amended or replaced from time to time) of the Danish 
Recovery and Resolution Act, at all times rank:  
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves;  
(ii) 
pari passu with (a) any obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer which constitute Tier 2 
Capital and (b) any other obligations or capital instruments that rank or are expressed to rank 
equally with the Subordinated Notes, in each case as regards the right to receive periodic 
payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of 
capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer; 
(iii) 
senior to holders of the Ordinary Shares and any other obligations or capital instruments that 
rank or are expressed to rank junior to the Subordinated Notes, in each case as regards the right 
to receive periodic payments (to the extent any such periodic payment has not been cancelled) on 
a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer; and 
(iv) 
junior to present or future claims of (a) depositors of the Issuer and other unsubordinated 
creditors of the Issuer (including any Non-Preferred Senior Liabilities) and (b) other 
subordinated creditors of the Issuer (other than present or future claims of creditors that rank or 
are expressed to rank pari passu with or junior to the Subordinated Notes). 
5.4 
Waiver of Set-off, Counterclaim or Netting  
Subject to applicable law, no Holder, who shall in the event of the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer 
be indebted to the Issuer, shall be entitled to exercise any right of set-off, counterclaim or netting against 
moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of the Notes held by such Holder.  
6. 
Fixed Rate Note and Reset Note Provisions 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
6.1 
Application: Conditions 6.1-6.4 (inclusive) are only applicable to the Notes if the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as being applicable to one or 
more Interest Period(s). 
6.2 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest on their Outstanding Principal Amounts from, and including, 
the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each relevant Interest 
Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 12 (Payments – Bearer Notes), Condition 13 (Payments 
– Registered Notes) or Condition 14 (Payments – VP Systems Notes), as applicable.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due 
presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will 
continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 6.2 (as well after as before judgment) until 
whichever is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf 
of the relevant Holder; and 
(ii) 
the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent, the Registrar or the VP Systems Agent, as 
applicable, has notified the Holders in accordance with Condition 22 (Notices) that it has 
received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that 
there is any subsequent non-payment). 
6.3 
Fixed Coupon Amount and Broken Amount: Except as provided in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, the amount of interest payable in respect of the Calculation Amount for any Interest Period 
shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount or the relevant Broken Amount, as the case may be.  
Where the Specified Denomination of a Note is the Calculation Amount and, except where the 
Calculation Amount has been adjusted as described in the definition thereof, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of such Note shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount or the relevant Broken 
Amount, as the case may be. Where the Specified Denomination of a Note is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount and, except where the Calculation Amount has been adjusted as described in the definition 
thereof, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the relevant Fixed 
Coupon Amount or the relevant Broken Amount, as the case may be, for each Calculation Amount and 
the amount by which the Calculation Amount is required to be multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination. 
If the Calculation Amount has been adjusted as described in the definition thereof, Condition 6.4 
(Calculation of interest amount) will apply. 
6.4 
Calculation of interest amount: Except where a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and/or the Calculation Amount has been adjusted as 
described in the definition thereof, the amount of interest payable in respect of the Notes for any period 
shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by 
the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified 
Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards). For this purpose a “sub-unit” means, in the case of 
any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the 
country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent.  
In the case of Notes where the Calculation Amount has not been adjusted as described in the definition 
thereof, where the Specified Denomination of a Note is the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of such Note shall be the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the 
Calculation Amount. In the case of such Notes, where the Specified Denomination of a Note is a multiple 
of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of 
the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount and the amount by 
which the Calculation Amount is required to be multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without 
any further rounding. 
In the case of Notes where the Calculation Amount has been adjusted as described in the definition 
thereof, where the Specified Denomination of a Note is the Original Calculation Amount, the amount of 
interest payable in respect of such Note shall be the amount (determined in the manner provided above) 
for the Calculation Amount. In the case of such Notes, where the Specified Denomination of a Note is a 
multiple of the Original Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Note shall 
be the product of:

--- Page 78 ---
78 
(i) 
the amount of interest per Calculation Amount; and 
(ii) 
the number by which the Original Calculation Amount is required to be multiplied to equal the 
Specified Denomination of such Note,  
without any further rounding. 
If, as required by then current legislation and/or regulations applicable to the Issuer, the Outstanding 
Principal Amounts are reduced during an Interest Period, the Calculation Amount will be adjusted by the 
Calculation Agent to reflect such Outstanding Principal Amounts from time to time so that the relevant 
amount of interest is determined by reference to such Calculation Amount as adjusted from time to time, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Reset Note Provisions 
6.5 
Application: If applicable, to the extent so specified, Conditions 6.5-6.10 (inclusive) are applicable to the 
Notes if the Reset Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as 
being applicable to one or more Interest Period(s). 
6.6 
Accrual of Interest: The Notes bear interest on their Outstanding Principal Amounts: 
(i) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the First Reset Date at 
the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(ii) 
for the First Reset Period at the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(iii) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any) to (but excluding) the Maturity Date at the 
relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, 
payable, in each case, in arrear on each relevant Interest Payment Date (subject as provided in 
Condition 12 (Payments – Bearer Notes), Condition 13 (Payments – Registered Notes) or Condition 14 
(Payments – VP Systems Notes), as applicable). 
Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due 
presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will 
continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 6.6 (as well after as before judgment) until 
whichever is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf 
of the relevant Holder; and 
(ii) 
the day on which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent, the Registrar or the VP Systems Agent, as 
applicable, has notified the Holders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to 
such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent non-payment). 
The Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount payable shall be determined by the Calculation Agent, (A) 
in the case of the Rate of Interest, at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined, and (B) in the case of the Interest Amount in accordance with the provisions for 
calculating amounts of interest in Conditions 6.3 (Fixed Coupon Amount and Broken Amount) and 6.4 
(Calculation of interest amount). 
6.7 
Fallbacks 
This Condition 6.7 is only applicable if the Reset Reference Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement as Mid-Swap Rate. If on any Reset Determination Date, the Relevant Screen Page

--- Page 79 ---
79 
is not available or the Reset Reference Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the 
Relevant Time on such Reset Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes in respect 
of each Interest Period falling in the relevant Reset Period will, subject as provided in Condition 8 
(Reference Rate Replacement – Independent Adviser), as applicable, be determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reset Reference Banks to provide the Calculation 
Agent with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately the Relevant Time on the 
Reset Determination Date in question;  
(ii) 
if at least three of the Reset Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market 
Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest 
(as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period will be equal to the sum of (A) the arithmetic mean 
(rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) 
of the relevant quotations provided, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of 
equality, one of the highest) and the lowest (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest) and 
(B) the Relevant Reset Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(iii) 
if only two relevant quotations are provided, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent 
Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period will be equal to the sum of (A) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the relevant quotations provided and (B) the 
Relevant Reset Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(iv) 
if only one relevant quotation is provided, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent 
Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period will be equal to the sum of (A) 
the relevant quotation provided and (B) the Relevant Reset Margin, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; and 
(v) 
if none of the Reset Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap 
Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Condition 6.7, the First Reset Rate 
of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) will be equal to the sum of 
(A) the Reset Reference Rate determined on the last preceding Reset Determination Date and (B) 
the Relevant Reset Margin or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the First Reset 
Rate of Interest will be equal to the sum of:  
(a) 
if Initial Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback is specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement as being applicable, (A) the Initial Mid-Swap Rate and (B) the 
Relevant Reset Margin; 
(b) 
if Reset Maturity Initial Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement as being applicable, (A) the Reset Period Maturity Initial 
Mid-Swap Rate and (B) the Relevant Reset Margin; or 
(c) 
if Last Observable Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement as being applicable, (A) the last observable rate for swaps 
in the Specified Currency with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period which appears 
on the Relevant Screen Page and (B) the Relevant Reset Margin, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
6.8 
Reset Reference Rate Conversion: This Condition 6.8 is only applicable if Reset Reference Rate 
Conversion is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as being applicable. The First 
Reset Rate of Interest and, if applicable, each Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest will be converted from 
the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement to a basis which matches the per annum frequency of Interest Payment Dates in respect of

--- Page 80 ---
80 
the relevant Notes (such calculation to be determined by the Issuer in conjunction with a leading financial 
institution selected by it). 
6.9 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause the First Reset Rate of Interest, any Subsequent Reset Rate 
of Interest and, in respect of a Reset Period, the Interest Amount payable on each Interest Payment Date 
falling in such Reset Period to be notified to the Paying Agents (and if applicable, the Registrar), each 
listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) on which the Notes have then been 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and, in the case of VP Systems Notes, VP, VPS or Euroclear 
Sweden, as the case may be, and the VP Systems Agent as soon as practicable after such determination. 
Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Holders.  
6.10 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of Conditions 6.5-6.9 (inclusive) by the 
Calculation Agent or for determining the Reset Reference Rate, as applicable, will (in the absence of 
wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Registrar (if 
applicable), the VP Systems Agent (if applicable), the Calculation Agent (if applicable), the Holders and 
the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation 
Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such 
purposes. 
7. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
7.1 
Application: This Condition 7 is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as being applicable to one or more Interest 
Period(s). 
7.2 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest on their Outstanding Principal Amounts from, and including, 
the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each relevant Interest 
Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 12 (Payments – Bearer Notes), Condition 13 (Payments 
– Registered Notes) or Condition 14 (Payments – VP Systems Notes), as applicable. Each Note will cease 
to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the 
Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in 
accordance with this Condition 7 (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf 
of the relevant Holder; and 
(ii) 
the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent, the Registrar or the VP Systems Agent, as 
applicable, has notified the Holders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to 
such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent non-payment). 
7.3 
Screen Rate Determination:  
(A) 
Screen Rate Determination – Term Rate 
If Screen Rate Determination and Term Rate are both specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date;

--- Page 81 ---
81 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(iii) 
if, in the case of Condition 7.3(A)(i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in 
the case of Condition 7.3(A)(ii) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or 
if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, the Calculation Agent will: 
(a) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each the Reference 
Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the 
Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an amount that is representative 
for a single transaction in that market at that time; and 
(b) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(iv) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the principal financial 
centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the Issuer, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(local time in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of 
the relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading banks in the 
Relevant Financial Centre interbank market for a period equal to the relevant Interest 
Period and in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at 
that time, and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin 
and the rate or, as the case may be, the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, 
however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or, as the case may 
be, an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in relation to any 
Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period 
will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or, as the case may be, the arithmetic mean 
last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the last preceding Interest Period. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination – Overnight Rate 
(1) 
Overnight Rate - Non-Index Determination 
If Screen Rate Determination and Overnight Rate are both specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, and 
the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement also specifies Index Determination as being “Not 
Applicable”, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Accrual Period will, 
subject to Condition 8 (Reference Rate Replacement – Independent Adviser) or Condition 9 
(Reference Rate Replacement – ARRC), as applicable, and as provided below, be the 
Compounded Daily Reference Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement) the applicable Margin, where: 
“Compounded Daily Reference Rate” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in the Specified Currency (with the 
applicable Reference Rate – being either SONIA or SOFR, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement and further described below – as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest 
Determination Date as further specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, in 
accordance with the relevant following formula (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)): 
Observation Shift

--- Page 82 ---
82 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement: 
 
where: 
“D” is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“d” is, for a relevant Observation Period, the number of calendar days in such Observation 
Period; 
“do” is, for a relevant Observation Period, the number of Relevant Business Days in such 
Observation Period; 
“i” is, for a relevant Observation Period, a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing a Relevant Business Day in chronological order from (and including) the first 
Relevant Business Day in such Observation Period; 
“Relevant Business Day” means: 
(a) 
if “SONIA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as the 
applicable Reference Rate, any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London; or 
(b) 
if “SOFR” is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as the 
applicable Reference Rate, a United States Government Securities Business Day; 
“ni”, for any Relevant Business Day “i” in a relevant Observation Period, means the number of 
calendar days from (and including) such Relevant Business Day “i” to (but excluding) the 
following Relevant Business Day; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of a relevant Interest Accrual Period, the period from 
(and including) the date falling “p” Relevant Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest 
Accrual Period to (but excluding) the date which is “p” Relevant Business Days prior to the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period (or the date falling “p” Relevant Business 
Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
“p” means, for a relevant Interest Accrual Period, the number of Relevant Business Days 
specified as the Observation Shift Period in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (or, 
if no such number is specified, five Relevant Business Days);  
“r” means, in respect of any Relevant Business Day, (if “SONIA” is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as the applicable Reference Rate) the applicable SONIA rate 
in respect of such Relevant Business Day or (if “SOFR” is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement as the applicable Reference Rate) the applicable SOFR rate in respect of 
such Relevant Business Day; and 
“ri” means, for any Relevant Business Day, the applicable SONIA rate or SOFR rate (as 
applicable) as set out in the definition of “r” above in respect of the such Relevant Business Day.  
Lag 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement:

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
where: 
“D” is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“d” is, for a relevant Interest Accrual Period, the number of calendar days in such Interest 
Accrual Period;  
“do” is, for a relevant Interest Accrual Period, the number of Relevant Business Days in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” is, for a relevant Interest Accrual Period, a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing a Relevant Business Day in chronological order from (and including) the first 
Relevant Business Day in such Interest Accrual Period; 
“Relevant Business Day” means: 
(a) 
if “SONIA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as the 
applicable Reference Rate, any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London; or 
(b) 
if “SOFR” is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as the 
applicable Reference Rate, a United States Government Securities Business Day; 
“ni”, for any Relevant Business Day “i” in a relevant Interest Accrual Period, means the number 
of calendar days from (and including) such Relevant Business Day “i” to (but excluding) the 
following Relevant Business Day; 
“p” means the number of Relevant Business Days included in the Lag Look-Back Period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (or, if no such number is specified, 
five Relevant Business Days);  
“r” means, in respect of any Relevant Business Day, (if “SONIA” is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as the applicable Reference Rate) the applicable SONIA rate 
in respect of such Relevant Business Day or (if “SOFR” is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement as the applicable Reference Rate) the applicable SOFR rate in respect of 
such Relevant Business Day; and 
“ri-pBD” means, for any Relevant Business Day “i” in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, the 
applicable SONIA rate or SOFR rate (as applicable) as set out in the definition of “r” above in 
respect of the Relevant Business Day falling “p” Relevant Business Days prior to the applicable 
Relevant Business Day “i”. 
Lock-out 
where “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement and if “SOFR” is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as the 
applicable Reference Rate:

--- Page 84 ---
84 
where: 
“D” is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“d” is, for a relevant Interest Accrual Period, the number of calendar days in such Interest 
Accrual Period;  
“do” is, for a relevant Interest Accrual Period, the number of Relevant Business Days in such 
Interest Accrual Period;  
“i” is, for a relevant Interest Accrual Period, a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing a Relevant Business Day in chronological order from (and including) the first 
Relevant Business Day in such Interest Accrual Period; 
“Lock-out Period” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the period from (and 
including) the day following the Interest Determination Date to (but excluding) for such Interest 
Accrual Period (A) the corresponding Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period or 
(B) the date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due, if different;  
“ni”, for any Relevant Business Day “i” in a Relevant Interest Accrual Period, means the number 
of calendar days from (and including) such Relevant Business Day “i” (but excluding) the 
following Relevant Business Day; 
“r” means:  
(a) 
in respect of any Relevant Business Day “i” that is a Reference Day, the applicable 
SOFR rate in respect of the Relevant Business Day immediately preceding such 
Reference Day, and 
(b) 
in respect of any Relevant Business Day “i” that is not a Reference Day (being a 
Relevant Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the applicable SOFR rate in respect of 
the Relevant Business Day immediately preceding the last Reference Day of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period (such last Reference Day coinciding with the Interest 
Determination Date);  
“Reference Day” means each Relevant Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
other than any Relevant Business Day in the Lock-out Period;  
“Relevant Business Day” means a United States Government Securities Business Day; and 
“ri” means the applicable SOFR rate as set out in the definition of “r” above for the applicable 
Relevant Business Day “i”. 
 (2) 
Overnight Rate – Index Determination 
If Screen Rate Determination and Overnight Rate are both specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, and 
the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement also specifies Index Determination as being 
“Applicable”, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Accrual Period will, 
subject to Condition 8 (Reference Rate Replacement – Independent Adviser) or Condition 9 
(Reference Rate Replacement – ARRC), as applicable, and as provided below, be the relevant 
Compounded Daily Reference Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement) the applicable Margin. 
If “SONIA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as the applicable 
Reference Rate, the Compounded Daily Reference Rate shall be the Compounded Daily SONIA 
Rate, where:

--- Page 85 ---
85 
“Compounded Daily SONIA Rate” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling overnight reference 
rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) (expressed as a percentage rate per annum 
and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded 
upwards)) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the screen rate or index for 
compounded daily SONIA rates administered by the administrator of the SONIA rate that is 
published or displayed by such administrator or other information service from time to time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date, as further specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement (the “SONIA Compounded Index”) and in accordance with the following 
formula: 
 
where: 
“d” 
is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to which SONIA 
Compounded IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to which SONIA 
Compounded IndexEnd is determined; 
“Relevant Number” is the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement (or, if no such number is specified, five); 
“SONIA Compounded IndexStart” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the 
SONIA Compounded Index determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of 
London Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period; and 
“SONIA Compounded IndexEnd” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the 
SONIA Compounded Index determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of 
London Business Days prior to (i) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period, or 
(ii) such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by its 
definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest Accrual 
Period). 
If the relevant SONIA Compounded Index is not published or displayed by the administrator of 
the SONIA rate or other information service by 5.00 p.m. (London time) (or, if later, by the time 
falling one hour after the customary or scheduled time for publication thereof in accordance with 
the then-prevailing operational procedures of the administrator of the SONIA rate or of such 
other information service, as the case may be) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, the 
Compounded Daily SONIA Rate for the applicable Interest Accrual Period for which the SONIA 
Compounded Index is not available shall be the “Compounded Daily Reference Rate” 
determined in accordance with Condition 7.3(B)(1) above as if “Index Determination” were 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as being ‘Not Applicable’, and for 
these purposes: (i) the “Observation Method” shall be deemed to be “Observation Shift” and (ii) 
the “Observation Shift Period” shall be deemed to be equal to the Relevant Number of London 
Business Days, as if those alternative elections had been made in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement. 
If “SOFR” is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as the applicable 
Reference Rate, the Compounded Daily Reference Rate shall be the Compounded Daily SOFR 
Rate, where:  
“Compounded Daily SOFR Rate” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the rate 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per 
cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
where: 
“dc” is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to which SOFR 
IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to which SOFR IndexEnd is 
determined; 
“Relevant Number” is the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement (or, if no such number is specified, five); 
“SOFR” means the daily secured overnight financing rate as provided by the SOFR 
Administrator on the SOFR Administrator’s Website; 
“SOFR Index”, with respect to any United States Government Securities Business Day, means 
the SOFR index value as published by the SOFR Administrator as such index appears on the 
SOFR Administrator’s Website at or around 3.00 p.m. (New York time) on such United States 
Government Securities Business Day (the “SOFR Determination Time”); 
“SOFR IndexStart”, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, is the SOFR Index value for the 
day which is the Relevant Number of United States Government Securities Business Days 
preceding the first day of such Interest Accrual Period; and 
“SOFR IndexEnd”, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, is the SOFR Index value for the 
day which is the Relevant Number of United States Government Securities Business Days 
preceding (A) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period, or (B) such other date 
on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by its definition or the operation 
of the relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest Accrual Period). 
If, as at any relevant SOFR Determination Time, the relevant SOFR Index is not published or 
displayed on the SOFR Administrator’s Website by the SOFR Administrator, the Compounded 
Daily SOFR Rate for the applicable Interest Accrual Period for which the relevant SOFR Index 
is not available shall be the “Compounded Daily Reference Rate” determined in accordance with 
Condition 7.3(B)(1) above as if “Index Determination” were specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement as being ‘Not Applicable’, and for these purposes: (i) the 
“Observation Method” shall be deemed to be “Observation Shift” and (ii) the “Observation Shift 
Period” shall be deemed to be equal to the Relevant Number of United States Government 
Securities Business Days, as if such alternative elections had been made in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
(3) 
Fallback provisions – SONIA 
For the purposes of Condition 7.3(B)(1), where SONIA is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement as the applicable Reference Rate, then if, in respect of any Relevant 
Business Day on which an applicable SONIA rate is required to be determined, such SONIA rate 
is not available on the Relevant Screen Page (and has not otherwise been published by the 
relevant authorised distributors), then (unless the Fiscal Agent has been notified of any Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (and any related Adjustment Spread and/or 
Benchmark Amendments) pursuant to Condition 8 (Reference Rate Replacement – Independent 
Adviser), if applicable) the SONIA rate in respect of such Relevant Business Day shall be: 
(a) 
the sum of (1) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at 5.00 
p.m. (or, if earlier, close of business) on such Relevant Business Day and (2) the mean 
of the spread of the SONIA rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five Relevant 
Business Days on which a SONIA rate has been published, excluding the highest spread

--- Page 87 ---
87 
(or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and 
lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest 
spreads); or 
(b) 
if the Bank Rate under (a)(1) above is not available at the relevant time, either (A) the 
SONIA rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the 
relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding Relevant Business Day on which 
the SONIA rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by 
the relevant authorised distributors) or (B) if this is more recent, the latest rate 
determined under (a) above, 
and, in each case, “r” shall be construed accordingly under Condition 7.3(B)(1). 
(4) 
Fallback provisions – SOFR 
For the purposes of Condition 7.3(B)(1), subject to Condition 8 (Reference Rate Replacement – 
Independent Adviser) or Condition 9 (Reference Rate Replacement – ARRC), as applicable, 
where SOFR is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as the applicable 
Reference Rate then if, in respect of any Relevant Business Day, such Reference Rate is not 
available, then (unless the Fiscal Agent has been notified of (as applicable) any Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (and any related Adjustment Spread and/or 
Benchmark Amendments (as defined below), if applicable)) or any Benchmark Replacement 
(and any related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and/or Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes, if applicable) as applicable, the SOFR in respect of such Relevant 
Business Day shall be deemed to be the SOFR for the first preceding Relevant Business Day on 
which the SOFR was published on the SOFR Administrator’s Website, and “r” shall be 
construed accordingly under Condition 7.3(B)(1). 
(5) 
Further fallbacks – SONIA and SOFR 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with any of the 
foregoing provisions, but without prejudice to Condition 8 (Reference Rate Replacement – 
Independent Adviser) or Condition 9 (Reference Rate Replacement – ARRC), as applicable, the 
Rate of Interest shall be: 
(a) 
that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting 
where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest is 
to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) relating to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of 
Interest (as applicable) relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period); or 
(b) 
if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest 
which would have been applicable to such Notes for the first scheduled Interest Accrual 
Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the first scheduled 
Interest Accrual Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date 
(applying the Margin and, if applicable, any Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum 
Rate of Interest, applicable to the first scheduled Interest Accrual Period). 
7.4 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate 
where “ISDA Rate” in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap 
transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which:

--- Page 88 ---
88 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; and 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is the day specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
7.5 
Linear Interpolation: Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period 
in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on 
the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period 
and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for 
which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that 
if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such next shorter or (as the 
case may be) next longer rate as last determined. 
7.6 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be 
greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
7.7 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount 
payable in respect of the Calculation Amount for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be 
calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, 
multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the resulting figure to the 
nearest sub-unit (as defined in Condition 6.4 (Calculation of interest amount)) of the Specified Currency 
(half a sub-unit being rounded upwards).  
In the case of Notes where the Calculation Amount has not been adjusted as described in the definition 
thereof, where the Specified Denomination of a Note is the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of such Note shall be the Interest Amount.  
In the case of such Notes, where the Specified Denomination of a Note is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the Interest 
Amount (determined in the manner provide above) for each Calculation Amount and the amount by 
which the Calculation Amount is required to be multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without 
any further rounding. 
In the case of Notes where the Calculation Amount has been adjusted as described in the definition 
thereof, where the Specified Denomination of a Note is the Original Calculation Amount, the amount of 
interest payable in respect of such Note shall be the Interest Amount (determined in the manner provided 
above). In the case of such Notes, where the Specified Denomination of a Note is a multiple of the 
Original Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Note shall be the product 
of: 
(i) 
the Interest Amount; and 
(ii) 
the number by which the Original Calculation Amount is required to be multiplied to equal the 
Specified Denomination of such Note,

--- Page 89 ---
89 
without any further rounding. 
7.8 
Calculation of other amounts: If the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specifies that any other 
amount is to be calculated by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable 
after the time or times at which any such amount is to be determined, calculate the relevant amount. The 
relevant amount will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in the manner specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
7.9 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined by 
it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be determined 
by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Paying Agents (and if applicable, the 
Registrar), each listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) on which the Notes 
have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and, in the case of VP Systems Notes, VP, 
VPS or Euroclear Sweden, as the case may be, and the VP Systems Agent as soon as practicable after 
such determination. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Holders. The Calculation Agent 
will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without 
notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period or in the event of any 
reduction of the Outstanding Principal Amount of a Note and an adjustment to the Calculation Amount of 
such Note in accordance with these Conditions. 
7.10 
Notifications etc.: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 7 by the Calculation 
Agent will (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Paying Agents, the Registrar (if applicable), the VP Systems Agent (if applicable), the Calculation Agent 
(if applicable), the Holders and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such 
Person will attach to the Calculation Agent or, if applicable, the Issuer in connection with the exercise or 
non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
8. 
Reference Rate Replacement – Independent Adviser 
8.1 
Application: This Condition 8 is applicable to the Notes only if (i) the Reset Note Provisions are specified 
in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as being applicable and Mid-Swap Rate is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as the Reset Reference Rate, or (ii) the Floating Rate 
Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as applicable and Screen 
Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as the manner in 
which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, in each case, to one or more Interest Periods and if 
Reference Rate Replacement – Independent Adviser is also specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement as applicable. 
If notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 6.7 (Fallbacks) or Condition 7.3 (Screen Rate 
Determination), as applicable, the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred when any Rate 
of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to the Original 
Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply to the relevant Series of Notes: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours, as soon as reasonably practicable, to appoint and 
consult with an Independent Adviser with a view to the Issuer determining (without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Holders) (A) a Successor Reference Rate or, 
failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate, for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest 
(or the relevant component part thereof) applicable to the Notes and (B) in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread; 
(b) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser prior to the relevant IA Determination 
Cut-off Date, the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may still 
determine (A) a Successor Reference Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate and 
(B) in either case, an Adjustment Spread in accordance with this Condition 8. Without prejudice

--- Page 90 ---
90 
to the definitions thereof, for the purposes of determining any Successor Reference Rate, 
Alternative Reference Rate and/or any Adjustment Spread, the Issuer will take into account any 
relevant and applicable market precedents as well as any published guidance from relevant 
associations involved in the establishment of market standards and/or protocols in the 
international debt capital markets; 
(c) 
if a Successor Reference Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is 
determined in accordance with paragraphs (a) and (b) above, such Successor Reference Rate or, 
failing which, Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) shall be the Reference Rate or the 
Reset Reference Rate (as applicable) for all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent 
operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 8); 
(d) 
if the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if applicable) and acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that an Adjustment Spread is 
required to be applied to the relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) and determines the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the relevant Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable). If the Issuer is unable to determine 
the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the 
relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will apply 
without an Adjustment Spread; 
(e) 
if the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if applicable) and acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines a Successor Reference Rate or, 
failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and/or an Adjustment Spread in 
accordance with the above provisions, the Issuer may (without any requirement for the consent 
or approval of the Holders) also specify changes to these Conditions, the Agency Agreement 
and/or the Deed of Covenant in order to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Reference 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate or any Adjustment Spread (as applicable), including, but not 
limited to (1) the Applicable Business Centre(s), Business Day, Business Day Convention, Day 
Count Fraction, Interest Determination Date, Reset Reference Rate, Reference Banks, Reset 
Reference Banks, Relevant Financial Centre, Relevant Screen Page, Relevant Time and/or Reset 
Determination Date (as applicable) applicable to the Notes and (2) the method for determining 
the fallback to the Rate of Interest in relation to the Notes if such Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is not available (such amendments, the “Reference 
Replacement Amendments”). For the avoidance of doubt, the Fiscal Agent and any other 
agents party to the Agency Agreement shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer, effect 
such consequential amendments to the Agency Agreement and these Conditions as may be 
required in order to give effect to the application of this Condition 8. No consent shall be 
required from the Holders in connection with determining or giving effect to the relevant 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate or any Adjustment Spread (as 
applicable) or such other changes, including for the execution of any documents or other steps to 
be taken by the Fiscal Agent (if required or useful); and 
(f) 
the Issuer shall promptly, following the determination of any Successor Reference Rate, 
Alternative Reference Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (as applicable), give notice thereof to the 
Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with Condition 22 (Notices), the Holders. Such notice shall 
specify the effective date(s) for such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable), the Adjustment Spread (if any) and any consequential changes made to the Agency 
Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and these Conditions (if any). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 8 shall act in good faith and (in the absence 
of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Fiscal Agent or the Holders for any advice 
given to the Issuer in connection with any determination made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 8.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under this Condition 8, the Rate of Interest for the next 
Interest Period shall be determined by reference to the fallback provisions of Condition 6.7 (Fallbacks) or 
Condition 7.3 (Screen Rate Determination) (i) if the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser (if applicable), is unable to or does not determine a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative 
Reference Rate in accordance with this Condition 8, and (ii) where the Issuer determines a Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate, unless and until the Fiscal Agent has been notified of such 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), the Adjustment Spread (if any) 
and any consequential changes made to the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and these 
Conditions (if any). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 8:  
(i) 
no Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will be adopted, and 
no other amendments to the terms of the Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 8, if and 
to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to 
prejudice the qualification of the Notes as: 
(A) 
in the case of Preferred Senior Notes (if applicable) and Non-Preferred Senior Notes, 
MREL Eligible Liabilities; or 
(B) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Group; and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of Preferred Senior Notes (if applicable) and Non-Preferred Senior Notes only, no 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will be adopted, and no 
other amendments to the terms of the Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 8, if and to 
the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to result 
in the DFSA treating the next Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather 
than the relevant Maturity Date. 
8.2 
Notifications etc.: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 8 by the Calculation 
Agent or, in the circumstances described above, the Issuer, will (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith 
or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Registrar (if applicable), the VP 
Systems Agent (if applicable), the Calculation Agent (if applicable), the Holders and the Couponholders 
and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent or, if 
applicable, the Issuer in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions for such purposes. 
9. 
Reference Rate Replacement – ARRC 
9.1 
Application: This Condition 9 is applicable to the Notes only if “SOFR” is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement as the applicable Reference Rate and “Reference Rate Replacement - 
ARRC” is also specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as applicable. 
If the Issuer determines on or prior to the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date that 
a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect 
to the Original Reference Rate, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the Original Reference Rate for 
all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and for all determinations 
on all subsequent dates (subject to any subsequent application of this Condition 9 with respect to such 
Benchmark Replacement). 
Where this Condition 9 applies, if the Issuer considers it necessary to make Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes, the Issuer may (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Holders) determine (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) the terms of the 
relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. For the avoidance of doubt, the Fiscal Agent and

--- Page 92 ---
92 
any other agents party to the Agency Agreement shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer, effect 
such consequential amendments to the Agency Agreement and these Conditions as may be required in 
order to give effect to the application of this Condition 9. No consent shall be required from the Holders 
in connection with determining or giving effect to the relevant Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment (if applicable) or any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, including 
for the execution of any documents or other steps to be taken by the Fiscal Agent (if required or useful). 
Without prejudice to the definitions thereof, for the purposes of determining any Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes, the Issuer will take into account any relevant and applicable market 
precedents, any operational requirements of the Calculation Agent, any published guidance from relevant 
associations involved in the establishment of market standards and/or protocols in the international debt 
capital markets. 
The Issuer shall promptly, following the determination of any relevant Benchmark Replacement and 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment (if applicable), give notice thereof to the Fiscal Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 22 (Notices), the Holders. Such notice shall specify the effective date(s) for 
such Benchmark Replacement and Benchmark Replacement Adjustment (if applicable) and any 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (if any). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 9:  
(A) 
no rate determined in accordance with this Condition 9 will be adopted, and no other 
amendments to the terms of the Notes will be made to effect the Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could 
reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the Notes as: 
(i) 
in the case of Preferred Senior Notes (if applicable) and Non-Preferred Senior Notes, 
MREL Eligible Liabilities; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Group; and/or 
(B) 
in the case of Preferred Senior Notes (if applicable) and Non-Preferred Senior Notes only, no 
rate determined in accordance with this Condition 9 will be adopted, and no other amendments to 
the terms of the Notes will be made to effect the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, 
if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be 
expected to result in the DFSA treating the next Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity 
of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
9.2 
Notifications etc.: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 9 by the Calculation 
Agent or, in the circumstances described above, the Issuer, will (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith 
or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Registrar (if applicable), the VP 
Systems Agent (if applicable), the Calculation Agent (if applicable), the Holders and the Couponholders 
and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent or, if 
applicable, the Issuer in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions for such purposes. 
10. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
10.1 
Application: This Condition 10 is only applicable to Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes and shall only apply if the Zero Coupon Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement as being applicable. 
10.2 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon 
Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to 
the sum of:

--- Page 93 ---
93 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price on 
the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date to (but 
excluding) whichever is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or 
on behalf of the relevant Holder; and 
(b) 
the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent, the Registrar or the VP Systems 
Agent, as applicable, has notified the Holders that it has received all sums due in respect 
of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent 
non-payment). 
11. 
Redemption, Purchase, Substitution and Variation 
11.1 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled or unless the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement provides that the Notes are perpetual securities and have no fixed date 
for redemption, the Notes will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, 
subject as provided in Condition 12 (Payments – Bearer Notes), Condition 13 (Payments – Registered 
Notes) or Condition 14 (Payments – VP Systems Notes), as applicable. 
11.2 
Early redemption for tax reasons: 
(A) 
This Condition 11.2(A) is only applicable to Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes. 
If, in relation to any Series of Preferred Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes: 
(i) 
as a result of any official change in the laws, regulations or rulings of Denmark or of any 
political subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof having power 
to tax or in the interpretation or administration of any such laws, regulations or rulings 
which becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the first Tranche of such Notes 
or any other date specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, the Issuer 
would be required to pay additional amounts as provided in Condition 15 (Taxation); 
and 
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to 
it, 
the Issuer may, at its option (but subject to Condition 11.12 (Conditions to redemption etc. prior 
to Maturity Date (if any)) at any time and having given no less than thirty nor more than sixty 
days’ notice (ending, in the case of such Notes which bear interest at a floating rate, on a day 
upon which interest is payable) to the Holders of such Notes in accordance with Condition 22 
(Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable, subject to the Permission Withdrawal Early 
Redemption Restriction), redeem all (but not some only) of the outstanding Notes comprising the 
relevant Series at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with accrued interest (if any) 
thereon, provided, however, that no such notice of redemption may be given earlier than ninety 
days (or, in the case of such Notes which bear interest at a floating rate, a number of days which 
is equal to the aggregate of the number of days falling within the then current interest period 
applicable to such Notes plus sixty days) prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be 
obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the relevant Notes then due. 
(B) 
This Condition 11.2(B) is only applicable to Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
If, in relation to any Series of Subordinated Notes, as a result of any official change in the laws, 
regulations or rulings of Denmark or of any political subdivision thereof or any authority or 
agency therein or thereof having power to tax or in the interpretation or administration of any 
such laws, regulations or rulings which become effective on or after the date of issue of the last 
Tranche of such Notes, the Issuer receives an opinion of external counsel in Denmark that: 
(i) 
it would be required to pay additional amounts as provided in Condition 15 (Taxation); 
or  
(ii) 
it will no longer be able to obtain a full tax deduction for the purposes of Danish tax for 
any payment of interest under such Notes,  
in each case provided that the Issuer satisfies the DFSA that such change in tax treatment of the 
relevant Notes is material and was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of their issuance, 
any such event, a “Tax Event”, 
the Issuer may, at its option (but subject to Condition 11.12 (Conditions to redemption etc. prior 
to Maturity Date (if any)) at any time and having given no less than thirty nor more than sixty 
days’ notice (ending in the case of such Notes which bear interest at a floating rate, on a day 
upon which interest is payable) to the Holders of such Notes in accordance with Condition 22 
(Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable, subject to the Permission Withdrawal Early 
Redemption Restriction), redeem all (but not some only) of the outstanding Notes comprising the 
relevant Series, as the case may be, at their Outstanding Principal Amounts, together with 
accrued interest (if any) thereon, provided, however, that no such notice of redemption may be 
given earlier than ninety days (or, in the case of such Notes which bear interest at a floating rate, 
a number of days which is equal to the aggregate of the number of days falling within the then 
current interest period applicable to such Notes plus sixty days) prior to the earliest date on 
which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of 
the relevant Notes then due. 
11.3 
Early redemption upon the occurrence of a Capital Event: This Condition 11.3 is only applicable to 
Subordinated Notes.  
In relation to a Series of Subordinated Notes, upon the occurrence of a Capital Event, the Issuer may, at 
its option (but subject to Condition 11.12 (Conditions to redemption etc. prior to Maturity Date (if any)) 
at any time and having given no less than thirty nor more than sixty days’ notice (ending in the case of 
such Notes which bear interest at a floating rate, on a day upon which interest is payable) to the Holders 
of such Notes in accordance with Condition 22 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable, subject to the 
Permission Withdrawal Early Redemption Restriction), redeem all (but not some only) of the outstanding 
Notes comprising the relevant Series at their Outstanding Principal Amounts, together with accrued 
interest (if any) thereon. 
11.4 
Early redemption upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event: This Condition 11.4 is only 
applicable to Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes. 
In relation to a Series of Preferred Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, if the MREL 
Disqualification Event Redemption Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement 
as being applicable, upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event, the Issuer may, at its option 
(but subject to Condition 11.12 (Conditions to redemption etc. prior to Maturity Date (if any)) at any time 
and having given no less than thirty nor more than sixty days’ notice (ending in the case of such Notes 
which bear interest at a floating rate, on a day upon which interest is payable) to the Holders of such 
Notes in accordance with Condition 22 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable, subject to the 
Permission Withdrawal Early Redemption Restriction), redeem all (but not some only) of such

--- Page 95 ---
95 
outstanding Notes comprising the relevant Series at their Outstanding Principal Amounts, together with 
accrued interest (if any) thereon. 
11.5 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer (but 
subject to Condition 11.12 (Conditions to redemption etc. prior to Maturity Date (if any)) in whole or, if 
so specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, in part on any Optional Redemption Date 
(Call) at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call), together with accrued interest (if any) thereon 
upon the Issuer’s giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement to the Holders in accordance with Condition 
22 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable, subject to the Permission Withdrawal Early Redemption 
Restriction), and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes specified in 
such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call)). 
If the Notes are Bearer Notes or Registered Notes, the notice to Holders referred to in this Condition 11.5 
shall specify the serial numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed. 
If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be 
greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
11.6 
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with 
Condition 11.5 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer): 
(i) 
in the case of Bearer Notes, the Notes to be redeemed shall be drawn by lot in such European 
city as the Fiscal Agent may specify, or identified in such other manner or in such other place as 
the Fiscal Agent may approve and deem appropriate and fair; 
(ii) 
in the case of Registered Notes, the Notes shall be redeemed (so far as may be practicable) pro-
rata to their principal amounts, provided always that the amount redeemed in respect of each 
Note shall be equal to the Specified Denomination thereof or an integral multiple thereof, subject 
always to compliance with all applicable laws and the requirements of any listing authority, 
stock exchange or quotation system on which the relevant Notes may be listed, traded or quoted; 
or 
(iii) 
in the case of VP Systems Notes, the VP Systems Notes to be redeemed shall be selected in 
accordance with the standard procedures of VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden, as the case may be, 
from time to time. 
In the case of the redemption of part only of a Registered Note, a new Registered Note in respect of the 
unredeemed balance shall be issued in accordance with Condition 4 (Transfer of Registered Notes) which 
shall apply as in the case of a transfer of Registered Notes as if such new Registered Note were in respect 
of the untransferred balance. 
11.7 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, the Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time 
before the Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or, as the 
case may be, the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the calculation 
in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement for the purposes of this 
Condition 11.7 or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
11.8 
Purchase: The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may (but subject to Condition 11.12 (Conditions to 
redemption etc. prior to Maturity Date (if any)) purchase Notes whether in the open market, in the 
context of market making, or otherwise, at any price, provided that, in the case of Bearer Notes, all 
unmatured Coupons are purchased therewith. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, in the case of 
Bearer Notes or Registered Notes, surrendered to any Paying Agent or the Registrar for cancellation. 
11.9 
Cancellation: All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith (but subject to Condition 11.12 (Conditions to 
redemption etc. prior to Maturity Date (if any)) be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so cancelled and the Notes 
purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 11.8 (Purchase) above (together, in the case of Bearer 
Notes, with all unmatured Coupons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Fiscal Agent or, in the 
case of VP Systems Notes, shall be deleted from the records of VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden, as the 
case may be, and, in either case, cannot be reissued or resold. 
11.10 
Substitution and variation of Subordinated Notes: This Condition 11.10 is only applicable to 
Subordinated Notes.  
Subject to Condition 11.12 (Conditions to redemption etc. prior to Maturity Date (if any)) and having 
given no less than thirty nor more than sixty days’ notice to the Holders (in accordance with Condition 22 
(Notices)), (in the case of Bearer Notes) the Fiscal Agent, (in the case of Registered Notes) the Fiscal 
Agent and the Registrar and (in the case of VP Systems Notes) the VP Systems Agent, if a Special Event 
has occurred and is continuing, or to ensure the effectiveness or enforceability of Condition 25.6 
(Acknowledgement of Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers), the Issuer may substitute all (but not 
some only) of the Subordinated Notes or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the Subordinated 
Notes, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Holders, so that they become or remain 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes. 
Any such notice shall specify the relevant details of the manner in which such substitution or variation 
shall take effect and where the Holders can inspect or obtain copies of the new terms and conditions of 
the Qualifying Subordinated Notes. Such substitution or variation will be effected without any cost or 
charge to the Holders. 
11.11 
Substitution and variation of Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes: This Condition 
11.11 is only applicable to Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes. 
Subject to Condition 11.12 (Conditions to redemption etc. prior to Maturity Date (if any)), and having 
given no less than thirty nor more than sixty days’ notice to the Holders (in accordance with Condition 22 
(Notices), if the MREL Disqualification Event Substitution/Variation Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as being applicable and a MREL Disqualification Event has occurred 
and is continuing, or to ensure the effectiveness or enforceability of Condition 25.6 (Acknowledgement of 
Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers), the Issuer may substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes 
or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the Notes, without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the Holders, so that they become or remain: (i) (in the case of Preferred Senior Notes) 
Qualifying Preferred Senior Notes; or (ii) (in the case of Non-Preferred Senior Notes) Qualifying Non-
Preferred Senior Notes. 
Any such notice shall specify the relevant details of the manner in which such substitution or variation 
shall take effect and where the Holders can inspect or obtain copies of the new terms and conditions of: 
(i) (in the case of Preferred Senior Notes) the Qualifying Preferred Senior Notes; or (ii) (in the case of

--- Page 97 ---
97 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes) the Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes. Such substitution or variation 
will be effected without any cost or charge to the Holders.  
11.12 
Conditions to redemption etc. prior to Maturity Date (if any):  
The Notes may only be redeemed, purchased, cancelled, substituted, varied or modified (as applicable) 
pursuant to Condition 11.2 (Early redemption for tax reasons), Condition 11.3 (Early redemption upon 
the occurrence of a Capital Event), Condition 11.4 (Early redemption upon the occurrence of a MREL 
Disqualification Event), Condition 11.5 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 11.8 
(Purchase), Condition 11.9 (Cancellation), Condition 11.10 (Substitution and variation of Subordinated 
Notes), Condition 11.11 (Substitution and variation of Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes) or paragraph (ii) of Condition 20.2 (Modification of Notes other than VP Systems Notes), as the 
case may be, if: 
(i) 
in the case of any such substitution, variation or modification, the Issuer has notified the DFSA 
of, and the DFSA has not objected to, such substitution, variation or modification (as applicable) 
in accordance with the CRD/CRR requirements; 
(ii) 
in the case of any such redemption, purchase or cancellation of Subordinated Notes, the Issuer 
has notified the DFSA of, and the DFSA has given permission to, such redemption, purchase or 
cancellation (as applicable) in accordance with the CRD/CRR requirements (which, in the case 
of Subordinated Notes, as at 25 March 2022, are set out in Articles 77 and 78 of the CRR (which 
outline the limited circumstances in which the DFSA may grant its permission to such 
redemption, purchase or cancellation (as applicable) prior to 5 years after the relevant issue date 
of the relevant Notes) and Article 29 of the 2014 RTS (which sets limits for purchases of the 
relevant Notes in relation to market making)) and, if so given by the DFSA, such permission has 
not been withdrawn by the DFSA prior to the date fixed for redemption, purchase or cancellation 
(as applicable);  
(iii) 
in the case of any such redemption, purchase or cancellation of Preferred Senior Notes (if 
applicable) or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, the Issuer has notified the DFSA of, and, the DFSA 
has given permission to, such redemption, purchase or cancellation (as applicable) in accordance 
with the CRD/CRR requirements (which, in the case of Preferred Senior Notes and Non-
Preferred Senior Notes, as at 25 March 2022, are set out in Articles 77 and 78a of the CRR 
(which outline the limited circumstances in which the DFSA may grant its permission to such 
redemption, purchase or cancellation (as applicable)) and, if so given by the DFSA, such 
permission has not been withdrawn by the DFSA prior to the date fixed for redemption, purchase 
or cancellation (as applicable); and 
(iv) 
in the case of a redemption of Notes as a result of (in the case of a Series of Subordinated Notes) 
a Special Event or (in the case of a Series of Preferred Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes) a MREL Disqualification Event or a redemption event occurring under Condition 11.2(A) 
(Early redemption for tax reasons), the Issuer has delivered a certificate signed by two of its 
directors to the Fiscal Agent (and copies thereof will be available at the Fiscal Agent’s Specified 
Office during its normal business hours) not less than 5 Business Days prior to the date set for 
redemption that such event has occurred or will occur no more than ninety days following the 
date fixed for redemption, as the case may be. 
If applicable, if after a notice of redemption has been given pursuant to Condition 11.2 (Early redemption 
for tax reasons), Condition 11.3 (Early redemption upon the occurrence of a Capital Event), Condition 
11.4 (Early redemption upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event) or Condition 11.5 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) (as applicable), the DFSA withdraws its permission to the 
relevant redemption before the relevant redemption date, such notice of redemption shall automatically be 
revoked and the relevant redemption shall not be made until a new redemption notice is given and all 
conditions for redemption as described in this Condition 11.12 (Conditions to redemption etc. prior to

--- Page 98 ---
98 
Maturity Date (if any)) have been fulfilled. The redemption restriction described in this paragraph is 
referred to as the “Permission Withdrawal Early Redemption Restriction”. 
Any refusal by the DFSA to grant its permission to any such redemption, purchase or cancellation (as 
applicable) pursuant to paragraph (ii) or (iii) of this Condition 11.12 (or, as the case may be, any 
withdrawal by the DFSA of any such permission) will not constitute an event of default under the 
relevant Notes.  
12. 
Payments – Bearer Notes  
12.1 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is 
made in full) surrender of the relevant Bearer Note at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside 
the United States. Subject as provided in these Conditions: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro or CNY will be made by credit or transfer to 
an account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of 
the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial 
centre of the country of such Specified Currency;  
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, 
by a euro cheque; and 
(iii) 
payments in CNY will be made by transfer to a CNY account maintained by or on behalf of the 
payee with a bank in Hong Kong in accordance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and 
guidelines issued from time to time (including all applicable laws and regulations with respect to 
the settlement of CNY in Hong Kong). 
12.2 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to Condition 12.7 (Payments other than in respect of matured 
Coupons) below, be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender 
of the appropriate Coupons at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States in the 
manner described in Condition 12.1 (Principal) above. 
12.3 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office of a 
Paying Agent in New York City if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside the United States with the reasonable expectation 
that such Paying Agents will be able to make payment of the full amount of the interest on the 
Notes in the currency in which the payment is due when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents is illegal or 
effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions; and 
(iii) 
payment is permitted by applicable United States law. 
12.4 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to (i) any 
applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 15 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, 
or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 15 (Taxation)) any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Holders in respect of such payments.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
12.5 
Unmatured Coupons void: On the due date for final redemption of any Note or early redemption in whole 
of such Note pursuant to Condition 11.2 (Early redemption for tax reasons), Condition 11.3 (Early 
redemption upon the occurrence of a Capital Event), Condition 11.4 (Early redemption upon the 
occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event), Condition 11.5 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), 
or Condition 16 (Enforcement Events), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still 
attached) shall become void and no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
12.6 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon 
is not a Payment Business Day, the Holder shall not be entitled to payment of the amount due until the 
next succeeding Payment Business Day and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment 
in respect of any such delay. 
12.7 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in respect of 
matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Notes at the Specified Office of 
any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if permitted by Condition 12.3 
(Payments in New York City) above). 
12.8 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Note or Coupon presented 
to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the amount and date of 
such payment. 
12.9 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time of 
issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Notes, the Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet may be 
exchanged at the Specified Office of the Paying Agent for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if 
appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have already become 
void pursuant to Condition 17 (Prescription)). Upon the due date for redemption of any Note, any 
unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon will be delivered in respect 
of such Talon. 
12.10 
Currency Events: This Condition 12.10 is applicable to: 
(i) 
unless the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specifies otherwise, CNY Notes; and 
(ii) 
Notes other than CNY Notes for which Currency Events are specified as applying in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
If a Currency Event, as determined by the Currency Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, 
exists on a date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon, the Issuer may, in its sole 
and absolute discretion, take the action described in (i) and/or (ii) below:  
(i) 
the relevant payment of the Issuer may be postponed to a day falling no later than 10 Payment 
Business Days after the date on which the relevant Currency Event ceases to exist or, if that 
would not be possible (as determined by the Issuer acting in good faith) as soon as reasonably 
practicable thereafter; and/or 
(ii) 
the Issuer’s obligation to make a payment in the Specified Currency under the terms of the Notes 
may be replaced by an obligation to pay such amount in the Relevant Currency (converted at the 
Alternate Settlement Rate determined by the Currency Calculation Agent as of a time selected in 
good faith by the Currency Calculation Agent). 
Upon the occurrence of a Currency Event, the Issuer shall give notice, as soon as practicable, to the 
Holders in accordance with Condition 22 (Notices) stating the occurrence of the Currency Event, giving 
brief details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 12.10 by the Currency Calculation Agent 
will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, 
the Registrar (if applicable), the Holders and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to 
any such Person will attach to the Currency Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-
exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
13. 
Payments – Registered Notes 
13.1 
Method of payment: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that 
payment is made in full) surrender of the relevant Registered Note at the Specified Office of the Registrar 
by transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of the Holder (or the first named of joint 
Holders) appearing in the register of Holders maintained by the Registrar (the “Register”) at the close of 
business on the third Relevant Banking Day before the relevant due date. Notwithstanding the previous 
sentence, if a Holder does not have a Designated Account, payment will instead be made by cheque 
drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on a Designated Bank (as defined below). For these 
purposes, “Designated Account” means the account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is 
euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with a 
Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and “Designated Bank” means a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of that currency. 
Payments of interest shall be made only by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on 
a Designated Bank and mailed by uninsured mail on the Relevant Banking Day immediately preceding 
the relevant due date to the Holder (or the first named of joint Holders) appearing in the Register at the 
close of business on the fifteenth day (whether or not such fifteenth day is a Relevant Banking Day) 
before the relevant due date (the “Record Date”) at its address shown in the Register on the Record Date 
and at its risk. Upon application of the Holder to the Specified Office of the Registrar not less than three 
Relevant Banking Days before the due date for any payment of interest in respect of a Registered Note, 
the payment may be made by transfer on the due date in the manner provided in the preceding paragraph. 
Any such application for transfer shall be deemed to relate to all future payments of interest (other than 
interest due on redemption) in respect of the Registered Notes which become payable to the Holder who 
has made the initial application until such time as the Registrar is notified in writing to the contrary by 
such Holder. Payment of the interest due in respect of each Registered Note on redemption will be made 
in the same manner as payment of the principal amount of such Registered Note. 
Holders will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay in receiving any amount due in 
respect of any Registered Note as a result of a cheque posted in accordance with this Condition arriving 
after the due date for payment or being lost in the post. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to 
such Holders by the Registrar in respect of any payments of principal or interest in respect of the 
Registered Notes. 
13.2 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Registered Note 
is not a business day, the Holder shall not be entitled to payment of the amount due until the next 
succeeding business day and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any 
such delay. 
13.3 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Registered Notes are subject in all cases to 
(i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to 
the provisions of Condition 15 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, 
or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 15 (Taxation)) any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Registered Holders in respect of such payments.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
13.4 
Definition of business day: In this Condition, “business day” means a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in (i) the relevant place of presentation and (ii) each 
Applicable Financial Centre specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and, if 
TARGET is an Applicable Financial Centre, a TARGET Settlement Day. 
14. 
Payments – VP Systems Notes 
14.1 
Principal and interest: Payments of principal and interest in respect of VP Systems Notes shall be made 
to the Holders shown in the relevant records of VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden, as the case may be, in 
accordance with and subject to the rules and regulations from time to time governing VP, VPS or 
Euroclear Sweden. Subject as provided in these Conditions: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of the 
payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre 
of the country of such Specified Currency; and 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, 
by a euro cheque. 
14.2 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the VP Systems Notes are subject in all cases 
to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to 
the provisions of Condition 15 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, 
or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 15 (Taxation)) any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Holders in respect of such payments. 
14.3 
Payments on VP Systems Notes payment days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of 
any VP System Note is not a VP Systems Notes payment day, the Holder shall not be entitled to payment 
of the amount due until the next succeeding VP Systems Notes payment day and shall not be entitled to 
any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
14.4 
In this Condition, “VP Systems Notes payment day” means day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in each Applicable Financial Centre specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and, if TARGET is an Applicable Financial Centre, a TARGET 
Settlement Day. 
15. 
Taxation 
15.1 
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on behalf 
of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, 
any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of Denmark or any political subdivision therein or 
any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of 
such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is required by law. In that event, in the case of a 
payment of interest only, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the 
Holders after such withholding or deduction of such amounts as would have been receivable by them had 
no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable 
in relation to any payment in respect of any Note or Coupon:

--- Page 102 ---
102 
(i) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of it having some connection 
with Denmark other than: 
(a) 
the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or 
(b) 
the receipt of principal, interest or other amount in respect of such Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
presented for payment more than thirty days after the Relevant Date, except to the extent that the 
relevant Holder would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting the same for 
payment on or before the expiry of such period of thirty days. 
15.2 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than 
Denmark, references in these Conditions to Denmark shall be construed as references to Denmark and/or 
such other jurisdiction. 
16. 
Enforcement Events  
16.1 
No events of default: There are no events of default in respect of the Notes. Holders of the Notes shall not 
be entitled at any time to file for bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer. 
16.2 
Enforcement Events: If an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the bankruptcy or 
liquidation of the Issuer (an “Enforcement Event”), any Holder may prove or claim in such proceedings 
in respect of the Notes, such claim being for payment of the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes 
at the time of commencement of such bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer together with any interest 
accrued and unpaid on the Notes from (and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding 
the occurrence of such Enforcement Event and any other amounts payable on the Notes (including any 
damages payable in respect thereof). Such claim shall rank as provided in Condition 5 (Status of the 
Notes). 
16.3 
Enforcement of obligations: Subject to Condition 16.1 (No events of default) and without prejudice to 
Condition 16.2 (Enforcement Events), any Holder may, at its discretion and without further notice, 
institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce any obligation, condition or 
provision binding on the Issuer under the Notes, provided that the Issuer shall not by virtue of the 
institution of any proceedings be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise 
have been payable by it.  
17. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal shall become void unless the relevant Notes are presented for payment within ten 
years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest shall become void unless the relevant Coupons 
are presented for payment within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
18. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the Specified 
Office of the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent or Registrar in any particular place, the Paying Agent or Registrar having 
its Specified Office in the place required by such listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system), subject to all applicable laws and listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system 
requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such 
replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may 
reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes or Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will 
be issued.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
19. 
Agents 
19.1 
Obligations of Agents: In acting under the Agency Agreement or the VP Systems Agency Agreement and 
in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, the Currency 
Calculation Agent, the Registrar and the VP Systems Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not 
assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Holders or 
Couponholders, and each of them shall only be responsible for the performance of the duties and 
obligations expressly imposed upon it in the Agency Agreement, the VP Systems Agency Agreement or 
other agreement entered into with respect of its appointment or incidental thereto. 
19.2 
Termination of Appointments: The initial Fiscal Agent, Principal Registrar and VP Systems Agent and 
their initial Specified Offices are listed in the Agency Agreement or the VP Systems Agency Agreement, 
as applicable. Unless the Calculation Agent is the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent in respect of any 
Notes shall be specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. The Currency Calculation 
Agent in respect of any Notes shall be specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. The 
Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent (including 
the Fiscal Agent) or the Registrar or the VP Systems Agent, the Calculation Agent or the Currency 
Calculation Agent and to appoint an additional or successor fiscal agent, paying agent, calculation agent, 
registrar, currency calculation agent or agent in connection with the VP Systems Notes; provided, 
however, that: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent; 
(ii) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain, in the case of Registered Notes, a Registrar; 
(iii) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Paying Agent (which may be the Fiscal Agent) in a 
jurisdiction within Europe, other than the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated; 
(iv) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, the Issuer 
shall at all times maintain a Calculation Agent with a Specified Office located in such place as 
may be required by these Conditions; 
(v) 
if a Currency Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Currency Calculation Agent; 
(vi) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing and/or to trading and/or quotation on any 
listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a 
Paying Agent in any particular place, the Issuer shall maintain a Paying Agent (which may be the 
Fiscal Agent) and a Registrar (for Registered Notes) each with a Specified Office in the place 
required by such listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system; 
(vii) 
in the case of VP Systems Notes, the Issuer shall at all times maintain a VP Systems Agent 
authorised to act as an account holding institution with VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden, as the 
case may be, and one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Terms and Conditions of the 
relevant VP Systems Notes so require; and 
(viii) 
in the circumstances described in Condition 12.3 (Payments in New York City), the Issuer shall 
maintain a Paying Agent with a Specified Office in New York City. 
19.3 
Change of Specified Offices: The Paying Agents, the Registrar, the VP Systems Agent, the Calculation 
Agent and the Currency Calculation Agent reserve the right at any time to change their respective 
Specified Offices to some other Specified Office in the same city. Notice of any change in the identities 
or Specified Offices of any Paying Agent, Registrar, the VP Systems Agent, the Calculation Agent or the 
Currency Calculation Agent shall promptly be given to the Holders in accordance with Condition 22 
(Notices).

--- Page 104 ---
104 
20. 
Meetings of Holders; Modification and Waiver 
20.1 
Meetings of Holders of Notes other than VP Systems Notes: This Condition 20.1 is only applicable in 
relation to Notes other than VP Systems Notes. The Agency Agreement contains provisions (which shall 
have effect as if incorporated herein) for convening meetings (including by way of conference call or by 
use of a videoconference platform) of Holders of Notes of any Series (other than VP Systems Notes) to 
consider and vote upon matters relating to such Series of Notes, including (without limitation) the 
modification by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of any provision of 
these Conditions and the Deed of Covenant insofar as the same may apply to such Notes. Any 
Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting of Holders of Notes of any Series will be 
binding on all Holders of Notes of such Series, whether present or not at the meeting and on all Holders 
of Coupons relating to Notes of such Series. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Holders who for the time being are 
entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Holders of Notes will take effect as if it were an Extraordinary 
Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the 
same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Holders of Notes. 
Any modification to these Conditions and/or the Deed of Covenant pursuant to the operation of the 
provisions described in this Condition 20.1 is subject to Condition 11.12 (Conditions to redemption etc. 
prior to Maturity Date (if any)). 
20.2 
Modification of Notes other than VP Systems Notes: This Condition 20.2 is only applicable in relation to 
Notes other than VP Systems Notes. The Issuer may make, without the consent of the Holders or 
Couponholders of the relevant Series: 
(i) 
any modification to the Notes of any Series, these Conditions, the Agency Agreement and/or the 
Deed of Covenant to correct a manifest error; or 
(ii) 
subject to Condition 11.12 (Conditions to redemption etc. prior to Maturity Date (if any)), any 
modification to the Notes of any Series, these Conditions, the Agency Agreement and/or the 
Deed of Covenant which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Holders and the Couponholders 
of the relevant Series.  
Any such modification to the Agency Agreement shall be subject to the consent of the Fiscal Agent. 
Subject as provided in these Conditions, no other modification may be made to the Notes of any Series, 
these Conditions, the Agency Agreement or the Deed of Covenant except with the sanction of an 
Extraordinary Resolution and, in the case of a modification to the Agency Agreement, the consent of the 
Fiscal Agent. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Holders and the Couponholders and any such modification 
shall be notified to the Holders in accordance with Condition 22 (Notices) as soon as practicable 
thereafter. 
20.3 
Meeting of VP Systems Noteholders: This Condition 20.3 is only applicable in relation to VP Systems 
Notes. The Agency Agreement contains provisions (which shall have effect as if incorporated herein) for 
convening meetings (including by way of conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) of 
Holders of VP Systems Notes of any Series to consider and vote upon matters relating to such Series of 
Notes, including (without limitation) the modification by Extraordinary Resolution of any provision of 
these Conditions insofar as the same may apply to such Notes. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed 
at any such meeting of Holders of VP Systems Notes of any Series will be binding on all Holders of 
Notes of such Series, whether present or not at the meeting. Meetings of Holders shall be held in 
accordance with the Agency Agreement and in compliance with the relevant regulations of VP, VPS or 
Euroclear Sweden, as the case may be. Any person requesting the convening of any such meeting or 
attending or voting at any such meeting shall be required to provide proof of their appointment as proxy,

--- Page 105 ---
105 
attorney or representative and/or ownership of Notes satisfactory to the Issuer in the form specified by 
Issuer in the notice in respect of the relevant meeting given to Holders in accordance with Condition 22 
(Notices).  
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Holders who for the time being are 
entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Holders of Notes will take effect as if it were an Extraordinary 
Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the 
same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Holders of Notes. 
Any modification to these Conditions pursuant to the operation of the provisions described in this 
Condition 20.3 is subject to Condition 11.12 (Conditions to redemption etc. prior to Maturity Date (if 
any)). 
20.4 
Modification of VP Systems Notes: This Condition 20.4 is only applicable in relation to VP Systems 
Notes. The Issuer may make, without the consent of the Holders of the relevant Series: 
(i) 
any modification to the Notes of any Series, these Conditions, the Agency Agreement and/or the 
VP Systems Agency Agreement to correct a manifest error; or 
(ii) 
subject to Condition 11.12 (Conditions to redemption etc. prior to Maturity Date (if any)), any 
modification to the Notes of any Series, these Conditions, the Agency Agreement and/or the VP 
Systems Agency Agreement which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Holders of the 
relevant Series. 
In addition, the Notes and these Conditions may be modified by a resolution in writing signed by or on 
behalf of all Holders or pursuant to a meeting of VP Systems Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 20.3 (Meeting of VP Systems Noteholders) above. Any modification to the Agency Agreement 
shall be subject to the consent of the Fiscal Agent. Subject as provided in these Conditions, no other 
modification may be made to the Notes of any Series, these Conditions, the Agency Agreement or the VP 
Systems Agency Agreement except with the sanction of an Extraordinary Resolution and, in the case of a 
modification to the Agency Agreement, the consent of the Fiscal Agent. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Holders and any such modification shall be notified to the 
Holders in accordance with Condition 22 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
21. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Holders or the Couponholders, create and 
issue further Notes having the same Terms and Conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects 
except for the first payment of interest, if any, on them and/or the issue price thereof) so as to form a 
single series with the Notes. 
22. 
Notices 
22.1 
Bearer Notes: Notices to Holders of Bearer Notes will, save where another means of effective 
communication has been specified herein or in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, be 
deemed to be validly given if published in a leading English language daily newspaper having general 
circulation in Europe or, if such Notes are listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin (so long as such Notes are listed on the Official List 
of Euronext Dublin and the rules of that exchange so permit), if published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin (https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin). 
The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of 
any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Bearer Notes are for the time being listed or 
by which they have been admitted to trading.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
Any notice so given will be deemed to have been validly given, in the case of any Bearer Notes, on the 
date of first such publication (or, if required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the first date 
on which publication shall have been made in all the required newspapers). Couponholders will be 
deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to Holders of Bearer Notes in 
accordance with this Condition. 
While all the Bearer Notes are represented by one or more global Notes and such global Note(s) are held 
in their entirety on behalf of one or more relevant clearing system(s), the terms of such global Note(s) 
will specify how notices to Holders of Bearer Notes are to be given, as described in “Overview of Form of 
the Notes” of the Base Prospectus relating to the Programme dated 25 March 2022. 
22.2 
Registered Notes: Notices to Holders of Registered Notes will, save where another means of effective 
communication has been specified herein or in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, be 
deemed to be validly given if sent by first class mail (or equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) 
by air mail to them (or, in the case of joint Holders, to the first-named in the register kept by the 
Registrar) at their respective addresses as recorded in the register kept by the Registrar, and will be 
deemed to have been validly given on the fourth weekday after the date of such mailing or, if posted from 
another country, on the fifth such day and, if such Notes are listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin 
and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin (so long as such Notes are listed on 
the Official List of Euronext Dublin and the rules of that exchange so permit), if published on the website 
of Euronext Dublin (https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin). 
The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of 
any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Registered Notes are for the time being listed 
or by which they have been admitted to trading. 
While all the Registered Notes are represented by one or more global Notes and such global Note(s) are 
held in their entirety on behalf of one or more relevant clearing system(s), the terms of such global 
Note(s) will specify how notices to Holders of Registered Notes are to be given, as described in 
“Overview of Form of the Notes” of the Base Prospectus relating to the Programme dated 25 March 2022. 
22.3 
VP Systems Notes: All notices regarding the VP Systems Notes will be deemed validly given (a) if 
published in accordance with the procedures of VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden, as the case may be, and 
(b) if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to trading and/or listed on any stock exchange or any other 
relevant authority, if published in any manner which complies with the rules of such stock exchange or 
other relevant authority. 
Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date it is published in accordance with the 
procedures of VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden, as the case may be. 
23. 
Currency Indemnity 
The currency in which the Notes are denominated or, if different, payable, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (the “Contractual Currency”), is the sole currency of account and 
payment for all sums payable by the Issuer in respect of the Notes, including damages. Any amount 
received or recovered in a currency other than the Contractual Currency (whether as a result of, or of the 
enforcement of, a judgment or order of a court of any jurisdiction or otherwise) by any Holder in respect 
of any sum expressed to be due to it from the Issuer shall only constitute a discharge to the Issuer to the 
extent of the amount of the Contractual Currency which such Holder is able to purchase with the amount 
so received or recovered in that other currency on the date of that receipt or recovery (or, if it is not 
practicable to make that purchase on that date, on the first date on which it is practicable to do so). If that 
amount is less than the amount of the Contractual Currency expressed to be due to any Holder in respect 
of such Note or Coupon the Issuer shall indemnify such Holder against any loss sustained by such Holder 
as a result. In any event, the Issuer shall indemnify each such Holder against any cost of making such 
purchase which is reasonably incurred. These indemnities constitute a separate and independent

--- Page 107 ---
107 
obligation from the Issuer’s other obligations, shall give rise to a separate and independent cause of 
action, shall apply irrespective of any indulgence granted by any Holder and shall continue in full force 
and effect despite any judgment, order, claim or proof for a liquidated amount in respect of any sum due 
in respect of the Notes or any judgment or order. Any such loss as aforesaid shall be deemed to constitute 
a loss suffered by the relevant Holder and no proof or evidence of any actual loss will be required by the 
Issuer. 
24. 
Waiver and Remedies 
No failure to exercise, and no delay in exercising, on the part of the Holder of any Note, any right in these 
Conditions shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any 
other or future exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. Rights hereunder shall be in addition to 
all other rights provided by law. No notice or demand given in any case shall constitute a waiver of rights 
to take other action in the same, similar or other instances without such notice or demand. 
25. 
Governing Law, Jurisdiction and Acknowledgement of Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers 
25.1 
Governing Law: The Notes, the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant, and any non-contractual 
obligations arising therefrom or in connection therewith, shall be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, English law, except for Condition 5 (Status of the Notes), Condition 11.2 (Early 
redemption for tax reasons), Condition 11.3 (Early redemption upon the occurrence of a Capital Event), 
Condition 11.4 (Early redemption upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event), Condition 16 
(Enforcement Events) and Condition 25.6 (Acknowledgement of Danish Statutory Loss Absorption 
Powers) and for the registration of Notes in VP, which shall be governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, Danish law. In the case of the registration of Notes in VPS or Euroclear Sweden, such 
registration shall be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Norwegian law and Swedish 
law, respectively.  
25.2 
English courts: The courts of England have jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a “Dispute”) arising from 
or connected with the Notes (including any Dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising 
from or connected with the Notes). 
25.3 
Appropriate forum: The Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and convenient 
courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary. 
25.4 
Rights of the Holders to take proceedings outside England: Condition 25.2 (English courts) is for the 
benefit of the Holders only. As a result, nothing in this Condition 25 prevents any Holder from taking 
proceedings relating to a Dispute (“Proceedings”) in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent 
allowed by law, any Holder may take concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
25.5 
Service of process: The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and any other 
documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being delivered 
to the Issuer at 75 King William Street, London EC4N 7DT or at any address of the Issuer in Great 
Britain at which service of process may be served on it in accordance with the Companies Act 2006. 
Nothing in this Condition 25.5 shall affect the right of any Holder to serve process in any other manner 
permitted by law. This Condition applies to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings elsewhere. 
25.6 
Acknowledgement of Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers: Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of 
any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, arrangements or understanding between the Issuer 
and any Holder (which, for the purposes of this Condition 25.6, includes each holder of a beneficial 
interest in the Notes), by its acquisition of the Notes, each Holder acknowledges and accepts that any 
liability arising under the Notes may be subject to the exercise of Danish Statutory Loss Absorption 
Powers by the FS and acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by:

--- Page 108 ---
108 
(i) 
the effect of the exercise of any Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the FS, which 
exercise (without limitation) may include and result in any of the following, or a combination 
thereof: 
 
 
(a) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes; 
(b) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes into 
Ordinary Shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another Person, 
and the issue to or conferral on the Holder of such Ordinary Shares, securities or 
obligations, including by means of an amendment, modification or variation of the 
terms of the Notes; 
 
 
(c) 
the cancellation of the Notes or the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes; and 
(d) 
the amendment of the Maturity Date, the amendment of the amount of interest payable 
on the Notes (if any), or the date on which interest becomes payable, including by 
suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(ii) 
the variation of the terms of the Notes, as deemed necessary by the FS, to give effect to the 
exercise of any Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the FS. 
Upon the Issuer being informed and notified by the FS of the actual exercise of any Danish Statutory 
Loss Absorption Powers with respect to the Notes, the Issuer shall notify the Holders without delay in 
accordance with Condition 22 (Notices). Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give notice shall not affect 
the validity and enforceability of the Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers nor the effects on the 
Notes described in this Condition 25.6.  
26. 
Rights of Third Parties 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or Condition in respect of a Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.

--- Page 109 ---
Final Terms 
 
109 
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS  
Pro Forma Final Terms for an issue by Danske Bank A/S of Notes (other than Exempt Notes) under the 
EUR 35,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme. 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [MiFID II/Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (“MiFID II”)]; and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Details of any negative target market to be included if applicable]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Details of any negative target market to be included if 
applicable]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take 
into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[MiFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in [MiFID II/Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended) (“MiFID II”)]; EITHER [(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including 
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels 
for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels 
for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate – investment advice[,/and] portfolio management[,/ 
and][non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s (as defined below) suitability 
and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration 
the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the 
distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].]] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is retail 
clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the 
FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”); EITHER [(ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-
advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and

--- Page 110 ---
Final Terms 
 
110 
professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients 
are appropriate – investment advice[,/and] portfolio management[,/ and][non-advised sales][and pure execution 
services][, subject to the distributor’s (as defined below) suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, 
as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended) (“MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the European Economic Area has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.][Include unless the Final Terms 
specifies “Prohibition of Sales to European Economic Area Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) (the “FSMA”) and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.][Include unless the Final Terms specifies “Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable”] 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to [EURIBOR / NIBOR / STIBOR / CIBOR / 
SHIBOR / BBSW / HIBOR / SONIA / SOFR / relevant mid-swap rate (if applicable)] which is provided by [legal 
name of the benchmark administrator]. As at the date of these Final Terms, [legal name of the benchmark 
administrator] [appears/does not appear] on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011. 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [EURIBOR / NIBOR / STIBOR / CIBOR / SHIBOR / BBSW / HIBOR / SONIA / 
SOFR / relevant mid-swap rate (if applicable)] [does not fall within the scope of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 by 
virtue of Article 2 of that regulation/the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 
apply] such that [legal name of the benchmark administrator] is not currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).]] 
FINAL TERMS DATED []

--- Page 111 ---
Final Terms 
 
111 
Series No. [] 
Tranche No. [] 
DANSKE BANK A/S 
EUR 35,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Issue of 
[Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
PART A  – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes (the “Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 25 March 2022 [and the Prospectus 
Supplement No. [] dated []] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus is 
available for viewing at, and copies may be obtained from, the website of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as 
Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) at https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin for a period of 12 months 
following the date of the Base Prospectus [(dated 25 March 2022)]. The Final Terms are available for viewing at 
the website of Euronext Dublin at https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of an issue of Notes which is being 
increased was issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes (the “Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [original date][together with any supplements 
which amend the Conditions], which are incorporated in the Base Prospectus dated [current date] [and the 
Prospectus Supplement No. [] dated []], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Current Base 
Prospectus”) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must 
be read in conjunction with the Current Base Prospectus, including the Conditions which are incorporated by 
reference in the Current Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Current Base 
Prospectus is available for viewing at, and copies may be obtained from, the website of the Irish Stock Exchange 
plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) at https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin for a period 
of 12 months following the date of the [Current] Base Prospectus [(dated [current date])]. The Final Terms are 
available for viewing at the website of Euronext Dublin at https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
subparagraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
[When completing any Final Terms, consideration should be given as to whether any information 
required to complete the Final Terms constitutes “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for 
a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
Danske Bank A/S  
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[]

--- Page 112 ---
Final Terms 
 
112 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Notes will be consolidated and form 
a single Series with [identify earlier Tranche(s)] on [the 
Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph 22 below, which is expected to occur on or about 
[date].] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[]* 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[[]]  
[(i) 
Series: 
[]]  
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[]] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [(plus 
[amount] accrued interest from [insert date]) (if applicable)]  
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[] 
 
(N.B. Where multiple denominations above EUR 100,000 or 
equivalent are being used the following sample wording 
should be followed: 
 
“[EUR 100,000] and integral multiples of [EUR 1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [EUR 199,000]. No 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a denomination 
above [EUR 199,000].”) 
 
(N.B. If an issue of Notes is (i) NOT admitted to trading on 
an European Economic Area exchange; and (ii) only offered 
in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a 
prospectus is not required to be published under the 
Prospectus 
Regulation 
the 
EUR 
100,000 
minimum 
denomination is not required.) 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[]  
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination.  
 
If more than one Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor. Note: There must be a common factor in the 
case of two or more Specified Denominations.)  
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[]  
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[]  
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[specify date] [subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
specified 
in 
paragraph 
[14(vi)/16(iii)] below] (N.B. include adjustment wording for 
                                                     
*  
Use the abbreviation “CNY” for CNY Notes

--- Page 113 ---
Final Terms 
 
113 
Floating Rate Notes and Adjusted Fixed Rate Notes) 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[Reset Notes] 
 
[[SONIA][SOFR][] month [[currency] EURIBOR / 
NIBOR / STIBOR / CIBOR / SHIBOR / BBSW / HIBOR]] 
plus/minus [] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
(further particulars specified below at paragraph [[14] [and] 
[15]/[16]/[17]]) 
10. 
Redemption Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [100.00 per cent. of their Aggregate Nominal 
Amount/their Outstanding Principal Amounts]]. 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Not Applicable/cross refer to paragraphs [[14], [15] 
and/or [16 below]] if details are included there] 
12. 
Call Option:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[(see paragraph 18 below)] 
13. 
[(i)] 
Status of the Notes: 
[Preferred 
Senior/Non-Preferred 
Senior/Subordinated] 
[Notes] 
[(ii)] 
[Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[] 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation 
is required for the particular Tranche of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)  
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest:  
[] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear  
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s):  
[] in each year 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]:  
[[] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. Specify “Not Applicable” for Adjusted Fixed Rate 
Notes only) 
 
(N.B. The Fixed Coupon Amount will not apply if the 
Calculation Amount has been adjusted, as described in the 
Conditions)

--- Page 114 ---
Final Terms 
 
114 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s):  
[Not Applicable/[] per Calculation Amount [for the 
[short/long] first Interest Period] payable on []]  
 
(Insert particulars of any initial or final broken interest 
amounts which do not correspond with the Fixed Coupon 
Amount[(s)])  
 
(N.B. The Broken Amount will not apply if the Calculation 
Amount has been adjusted, as described in the Conditions) 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction:  
[30/360 / Actual/Actual ([ICMA]/[ISDA]) / Actual/365 
(Fixed)]  
 
(N.B. CNY Notes should specify Actual/365 (Fixed)) 
(vi) 
Business Day Convention:  
[Not 
Applicable/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention]  
(N.B. Adjusted Fixed Rate Notes 
only) 
 
(vii) 
Applicable Business Centre(s):  
[Not Applicable/insert Applicable Business Centre(s)]  
(N.B. Adjusted Fixed Rate Notes 
only) 
 
15. 
Reset Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum payable [annually/ 
semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear 
(ii) 
First Reset Margin: 
[Plus/Minus][] per cent. per annum 
(iii) 
Subsequent Reset Margin:  
[[Plus/Minus][] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year  
(v) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to (and 
including) the First Reset Date: 
[[] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable]  
 
(N.B. The Fixed Coupon Amount will not apply if the 
Calculation Amount has been adjusted, as described in the 
Conditions) 
(vi) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[Not Applicable/[] per Calculation Amount [for the 
[short/long] first Interest Period] payable on []] 
 
(Insert particulars of any initial broken interest amounts 
which do not correspond with the Fixed Coupon 
Amount[(s)]) 
 
(N.B. The Broken Amount will not apply if the Calculation 
Amount has been adjusted, as described in the Conditions) 
(vii) 
First Reset Date: 
[]

--- Page 115 ---
Final Terms 
 
115 
(viii) 
Second Reset Date: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
(ix) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[[] [and []]/Not Applicable] 
(x) 
Reset Determination Date(s): 
[] 
 
(specify in relation to each Reset Date) 
(xi) 
Relevant Time: 
[] 
(xii) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[] 
(xiii) 
Reset Reference Rate: 
[Mid-Swap Rate]/[Reference Bond]/[CMT Rate] 
(xiv) 
Reset 
Reference 
Rate 
Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xv) 
Original Reset Reference Rate 
Payment Basis: 
[Annual/Semi-annual/Quarterly/Monthly/Not Applicable] 
(xvi) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single 
Mid-Swap 
Rate/Mean 
Mid-Swap 
Rate/Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
- 
Reference 
Rate 
Replacement 
– 
Independent Adviser: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Maturity: 
[] 
- 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate 
Final Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete “Initial Mid-Swap Rate” 
immediately below) 
 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate: 
[] per cent. 
-  
Reset Period Maturity 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate Final 
Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete “Reset Period Maturity Initial 
Mid-Swap Rate” immediately below)  
 
Reset Period Maturity 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate: 
[] per cent. 
- 
Last Observable Mid-
Swap Rate Final Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xvii) 
First 
Reset 
Period 
Fallback 
Yield: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(N.B. only applicable where the Reset Reference Rate is 
Reference Bond or CMT Rate)

--- Page 116 ---
Final Terms 
 
116 
(xviii) Fallback Relevant Time: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(N.B. only applicable where the Reset Reference Rate is 
CMT Rate) 
(xix) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360]/[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]/[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
(xx) 
Calculation Agent: 
[] 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
(Specified Period and Interest Payment Dates are 
alternatives. A Specified Period, rather than Interest 
Payment Dates, will only be relevant if the Business Day 
Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention. Otherwise, insert 
“Not Applicable”) 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
(Specified Period and Interest Payment Dates are 
alternatives. If the Business Day Convention is the FRN 
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention, insert “Not Applicable”) 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(iv) 
Applicable Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/insert Applicable Business Centres] 
(v) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(vi) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s): 
[] 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
− 
Term Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
− 
Overnight Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)

--- Page 117 ---
Final Terms 
 
117 
• 
Index 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If ‘Index Determination’ is ‘Applicable’, insert number of 
days (expected to be five or greater) as the Relevant 
Number, and the other bullets under this paragraph should 
be specified as ‘Not Applicable’.) 
 
(If ‘Index Determination’ is ‘Not Applicable’, delete 
‘Relevant Number’ and complete the other bullets under this 
paragraph.) 
• 
Relevant Number: 
[[5 / [ ]] [[London Business Days]/[United States 
Government Securities Business Days]]/[Not Applicable] 
• 
Observation 
Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. Lock-out is only applicable where the Reference Rate 
is SOFR) 
• 
Lag 
Look-back 
Period: 
[5/[ ] Relevant Business Days][Not Applicable] 
• 
Observation 
Shift 
Period: 
[5/[ ] Relevant Business Days][Not Applicable] 
• 
D: 
[365/360/[ ]] days 
− 
Reference Rate: 
[SONIA / SOFR / EURIBOR / NIBOR / STIBOR / CIBOR 
/ SHIBOR / BBSW / HIBOR] 
− 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s):  
[] 
− 
Relevant Screen Page:  
[] 
− 
Relevant Time:  
[] in the Relevant Financial Centre 
− 
Relevant Financial 
Centre:  
[] 
− 
Reference Banks: 
[] 
− 
Reference 
Rate 
Replacement 
– 
Independent Adviser: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
− 
Reference 
Rate 
Replacement - ARRC: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. only applicable where the Reference Rate is SOFR) 
• 
ISDA Definitions:  
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
(N.B. To be specified if “Reference Rate Replacement –

--- Page 118 ---
Final Terms 
 
118 
ARRC” is specified as “Applicable”) 
(viii) 
ISDA Determination:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
− 
ISDA Definitions:  
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
− 
Floating Rate Option:  
[] 
− 
Designated Maturity:  
[] 
− 
Reset Date:  
[] 
(ix) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using linear interpolation in accordance with Condition 7.5 
(specify for each short or long interest period)] 
(x) 
Margin(s):  
[Plus/Minus] [] per cent. per annum  
(xi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable/[] per cent. per annum] 
(xii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable/[] per cent. per annum] 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[] 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[] 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s) 
(Call): 
[] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
(Call): 
[] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remainder of this 
subparagraph)

--- Page 119 ---
Final Terms 
 
119 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
Minimum period: [5] days 
 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system business 
days’ notice for a call) and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent) 
19. 
MREL 
Disqualification 
Event 
Redemption Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Only relevant for Preferred Senior Notes and Non-
Preferred Senior Notes) 
20. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
21. 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax): 
[As set out in the Conditions/[] per Calculation Amount] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
22. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer 
Notes: 
[Initially 
represented 
by 
a 
[Temporary/Permanent] Global Note.] [Specify. If nothing is 
specified and these Final Terms do not specify that TEFRA 
C Rules apply, the Notes will be represented initially by a 
Temporary Global Note. If these Final Terms specify that 
TEFRA C Rules apply, the Notes will be represented by a 
Permanent Global Note.] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes [on 
[] days’ notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances 
described in the Permanent Global Note.]] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes.] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
on [] days’ notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances 
described in the Permanent Global Note.]]  
 
(N.B. In the case of Bearer Notes, the exchange upon 
notice/at any time options as specified above and in the 
Conditions should not be expressed to be applicable if the 
Specified Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 6 
includes language substantially to the following effect:

--- Page 120 ---
Final Terms 
 
120 
“[EUR 100,000 and integral multiples of EUR 1,000 in 
excess thereof and up to and including EUR 199,000].”)  
 
[Registered Notes: 
[Regulation S Global Note ([currency][] aggregate 
nominal amount) [registered in the name of a nominee for a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safe-keeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg] exchangeable for Registered 
Notes on [] days’ notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances described in the Global Registered Note.] 
[Rule 144a Global Note ([currency][] aggregate nominal 
amount) [registered in the name of Cede & Co. as nominee 
for DTC] exchangeable for Registered Notes on [] days’ 
notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances described in 
the Global Registered Note.]] 
 
[VP 
Systems 
Notes 
issued 
in 
uncertificated 
and 
dematerialised book entry form. See further paragraph [5] of 
Part B below.] 
 
(N.B. CNY Notes can only be issued as Bearer Notes) 
23. 
New Global Note form: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
24. 
Applicable Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/Give details. See definition of Payment 
Business Day, business day or VP Systems Notes payment 
day, as applicable, in the Conditions. Note that this 
paragraph relates to the date and place of payment, and not 
to Interest Payment Dates] 
25. 
Currency Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)  
[(i) 
Relevant Currency: 
[euro/specify other] 
[(ii) 
Event Currency Jurisdiction: 
[specify]] 
 
(N.B. delete in the case of CNY Notes) 
(ii/iii) 
[Currency Calculation Agent: 
[]] 
26. 
MREL 
Disqualification 
Event 
Substitution/Variation Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Only relevant for Preferred Senior Notes and Non-
Preferred Senior Notes) 
27. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes. As the Notes have more than 27 coupons payments, 
Talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive form, 
more than 27 coupon payments are still to be made/No]

--- Page 121 ---
Final Terms 
 
121 
[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By: 
 ...................................................................  
By: 
 ................................................................... 
 
Duly authorised 
 
Duly authorised 
[CC: Citibank, N.A., London Branch as Fiscal Agent [and as Principal Registrar]] (Not applicable for VP Systems 
Notes)

--- Page 122 ---
Final Terms 
 
122 
PART B  – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
(i) 
Listing: 
[The Official List of Euronext Dublin/Nasdaq Copenhagen 
A/S]  
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on the [Euronext Dublin’s/Nasdaq Copenhagen 
A/S’s] regulated market with effect on or about [].]  
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue, need to indicate that 
original securities are already admitted to trading.) 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses relating 
to admission to trading: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
2. 
Ratings 
Ratings: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are 
expected to be]] rated [] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies)].] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the ratings 
provider.] 
 
[There is no guarantee that [any of] the above rating[s] will 
be maintained following the date of these Final Terms. Up-
to-date information should always be sought by direct 
reference to the relevant rating agency.]  
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, 
that rating.) 
 
Each of [relevant rating agency] is established in the 
[European Union] and is registered under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 (as amended). 
 
Each of [relevant rating agency] is not established in the 
[European Union] and is not registered under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended). 
3. 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the [Issue/Offer] 
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/ 
offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the 
following statement: 
Save as discussed in the “Subscription and Sale” and “General Information” sections of the [Current] 
Base Prospectus, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest

--- Page 123 ---
Final Terms 
 
123 
material to the offer. 
[4.] 
Fixed Rate Notes and Reset Notes only – Yield 
Indication of yield: 
[] 
 
As set out above, the yield is calculated at the Issue Date 
on the basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield.]† 
[5.] 
Operational Information 
ISIN Code/[CUSIP]: 
[] 
Common Code: 
[] 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “Yes” simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one 
of Euroclear Bank SA/NV and/or Clearstream Banking 
S.A. [(together, the “ICSDs”)] as common safe-keeper 
[(and registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safe-keeper,][include this text for 
Registered Notes] and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or 
all times during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the European Central Bank being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]  
 
[Yes. Note that the designation “Yes” does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or 
all times during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the European Central Bank being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.](Include for 
issues of relevant VP Systems Notes only) 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “No” at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
                                                     
†  
Complete section only if applicable. Otherwise delete and re-number sections accordingly.

--- Page 124 ---
Final Terms 
 
124 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of Euroclear Bank SA/NV and/or Clearstream 
Banking S.A. [(together, the “ICSDs”)] as common safe-
keeper [(and registered in the name of a nominee of one of 
the ICSDs acting as common safe-keeper,][include this text 
for Registered Notes]. Note that this does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the European 
Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
Any 
clearing 
system(s) 
other 
than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking S.A. (including The Depositary 
Trust 
Company) 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/ The Depositary Trust Company/ give 
name(s) and number(s)/ VP, VP identification number: 
[]./VPS, VPS identification number: []./Euroclear 
Sweden, Euroclear Sweden identification number: [].] 
The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain certain information 
from the register maintained by [VP]/[VPS]/[Euroclear 
Sweden] for the purpose of performing its obligations 
under the issue of VP Systems Notes] (delete as 
applicable) 
Settlement Procedures: 
[Specify whether customary medium term note/ other 
settlement and payment procedures apply] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) or, in the case of Registered 
Notes only, alternative Registrar (if any): 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
[6.] 
Distribution 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
(iv) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(vi) 
TEFRA Rules: 
[As set out in the [Current] Base Prospectus/TEFRA C 
Rules apply/Not Applicable]  
 
(Specify whether the automatic position in the Base 
Prospectus applies (i.e. TEFRA D Rules apply) or TEFRA 
C Rules apply or whether TEFRA Rules are not 
applicable.) 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to European 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 125 ---
Final Terms 
 
125 
Economic Area Retail Investors: 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute “packaged” products, “Applicable” 
should be specified.) 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to United 
Kingdom Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute “packaged” products, “Applicable” 
should be specified.) 
[7.] 
Reasons for the offer 
 
Use of Proceeds: 
[General 
Business 
Purposes][Green 
Bonds][Issuer’s 
Capital Base][] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in the Base Prospectus – 
if reasons for the offer are different from general business 
purposes, Green Bonds and/or the Issuer’s capital base, 
will need to include those reasons here.) 
[8.]  
Estimated Net Amount of Proceeds 
 
Estimated Net Amount of Proceeds: 
[]

--- Page 126 ---
Pricing Supplement 
 
126 
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT  
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement for an issue of Exempt Notes by Danske Bank A/S under the EUR 
35,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme. 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [MiFID II/Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (“MiFID II”)]; and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Details of any negative target market to be included if applicable]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Details of any negative target market to be included if 
applicable]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take 
into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[MiFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in [MiFID II/Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended) (“MiFID II”)]; EITHER [(ii) all channels for distribution of the are appropriate[, including investment 
advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for 
distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for 
distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate – investment advice[,/and] portfolio management[,/ 
and][non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s (as defined below) suitability 
and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration 
the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the 
distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].]] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is retail 
clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the 
FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”); EITHER [(ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-
advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and

--- Page 127 ---
Pricing Supplement 
 
127 
professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients 
are appropriate – investment advice[,/and] portfolio management[,/ and][non-advised sales][and pure execution 
services][, subject to the distributor’s (as defined below) suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, 
as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended) (“MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the European Economic Area has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.][Include unless the Pricing 
Supplement specifies “Prohibition of Sales to European Economic Area Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) (the “FSMA”) and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.][Include unless the Pricing Supplement specifies “Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”] 
PRICING SUPPLEMENT DATED [] 
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROSPECTUS REGULATION (AS 
DEFINED BELOW) OR REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 AS IT FORMS PART OF DOMESTIC LAW BY 
VIRTUE OF THE EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018 (THE “UK PROSPECTUS 
REGULATION”) FOR THIS ISSUE OF NOTES. 
Series No. [] 
Tranche No. [] 
DANSKE BANK A/S 
EUR 35,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme

--- Page 128 ---
Pricing Supplement 
 
128 
Issue of 
[Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
PART A  – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which 
no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes (the “Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 25 March 2022 [and the Prospectus 
Supplement No. [] dated []] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”). Full 
information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of this 
Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing at, and copies may be 
obtained from, the website of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin at 
https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin for a period of 12 months following the date of the Base Prospectus 
[(dated 25 March 2022)]. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of an issue of Notes which is being 
increased was issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes (the “Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [original date][together with any supplements 
which amend the Conditions], which are incorporated in the Base Prospectus dated [current date] [and the 
Prospectus Supplement No. [] dated []] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Current Base 
Prospectus”). Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus. The Current Base Prospectus is available for 
viewing at, and copies may be obtained from, the website of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext 
Dublin at https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin for a period of 12 months following the date of the 
[Current] Base Prospectus [(dated [current date])]. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs 
(in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
guidance for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
Danske Bank A/S  
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[]  
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Notes will be consolidated and form 
a single Series with [identify earlier Tranche(s)] on [the 
Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph 22 below, which is expected to occur on or about 
[date].] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[]1 
                                                     
1  
Use the abbreviation “CNY” for CNY Notes

--- Page 129 ---
Pricing Supplement 
 
129 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[[]]  
[(i)] 
Series: 
[]  
[(ii)] 
Tranche: 
[]]  
5. 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [(plus 
[amount] 
accrued 
interest 
from 
[insert 
date]) 
(if 
applicable)].  
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[] 
 
(N.B. Where multiple denominations above EUR 100,000 or 
equivalent are being used the following sample wording 
should be followed: 
 
“[EUR 100,000] and integral multiples of [EUR 1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [EUR 199,000]. No 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a denomination 
above [EUR 199,000].”) 
 
(N.B. If an issue of Notes is (i) NOT admitted to trading on 
an European Economic Area exchange; and (ii) only offered 
in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a 
prospectus is not required to be published under the 
Prospectus 
Regulation 
the 
EUR 
100,000 
minimum 
denomination is not required.) 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[]  
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination.  
 
If more than one Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor. Note: There must be a common factor in the 
case of two or more Specified Denominations.)  
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[]  
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[specify date] [subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
specified 
in 
paragraph 
[14(vi)/16(iii)] below.] (N.B. include adjustment wording 
for Floating Rate Notes and Adjusted Fixed Rate Notes)  
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[Reset Notes] 
 
[[SONIA][SOFR][] month [[currency] EURIBOR / 
NIBOR / STIBOR / CIBOR / SHIBOR / BBSW / HIBOR / 
specify other]] plus/minus [] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon]

--- Page 130 ---
Pricing Supplement 
 
130 
 
(further particulars specified below at paragraph [[14] [and] 
[15]/[16]/[17]])  
10. 
Redemption Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [100.00/[] per cent. of their Aggregate Nominal 
Amount/their Outstanding Principal Amounts].]  
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Not Applicable/or specify details of any provision for 
convertibility of Notes into another interest basis or cross 
refer to paragraphs [[14], [15] and/or [16 below]] if details 
are included there]  
12. 
Call Option:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[(see paragraph 18 below)] 
13. 
[(i)] 
Status of the Notes:  
[Preferred 
Senior/Non-Preferred 
Senior/Subordinated] 
[Notes] 
[(ii)] 
[Date 
[Board] 
approval 
for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[] 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation 
is required for the particular Tranche of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)  
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest:  
[] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
payable 
[annually/ 
semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear  
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s):  
[] in each year 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]:  
[[] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. Specify “Not Applicable” for Adjusted Fixed Rate 
Notes only) 
 
(N.B. The Fixed Coupon Amount for an issue of Notes will 
not apply if the Calculation Amount has been adjusted) 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s):  
[Not Applicable/[] per Calculation Amount [for the 
[short/long] first Interest Period] payable on []]  
 
(Insert particulars of any initial or final broken interest 
amounts which do not correspond with the Fixed Coupon 
Amount[(s)])  
 
(N.B. The Broken Amount for an issue of Subordinated 
Notes will not apply if the Calculation Amount has been

--- Page 131 ---
Pricing Supplement 
 
131 
adjusted as described in the Conditions) 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction:  
[30/360 / Actual/Actual ([ICMA]/[ISDA]) / Actual/365 
(Fixed)]  
 
(N.B. CNY Notes should specify Actual/365 (Fixed)) 
(vi) 
Business Day Convention:  
[Not 
Applicable/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention]  
 
(N.B. Adjusted Fixed Rate Notes only) 
(vii) 
Applicable Business Centre(s):  
[Not Applicable/insert Applicable Business Centre(s)]  
(N.B. Adjusted Fixed Rate Notes 
only) 
 
15. 
Reset Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
payable 
[annually/ 
semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear 
(ii) 
First Reset Margin: 
[Plus/Minus][] per cent. per annum 
(iii) 
Subsequent Reset Margin:  
[[Plus/Minus][] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year  
(v) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to (and 
including) the First Reset Date: 
[[] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. The Fixed Coupon Amount will not apply if the 
Calculation Amount has been adjusted, as described in the 
Conditions) 
(vi) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[Not Applicable/[] per Calculation Amount [for the 
[short/long] first Interest Period] payable on []] 
 
(Insert particulars of any initial broken interest amounts 
which do not correspond with the Fixed Coupon 
Amount[(s)]) 
 
(N.B. The Broken Amount will not apply if the Calculation 
Amount has been adjusted, as described in the Conditions) 
(vii) 
First Reset Date: 
[] 
(viii) 
Second Reset Date: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
(ix) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[[] [and []]/Not Applicable] 
(x) 
Reset Determination Date(s): 
[] 
 
(specify in relation to each Reset Date) 
(xi) 
Relevant Time: 
[]

--- Page 132 ---
Pricing Supplement 
 
132 
(xii) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[] 
(xiii) 
Reset Reference Rate: 
[Mid-Swap Rate]/[Reference Bond]/[CMT Rate] 
(xiv) 
Reset 
Reference 
Rate 
Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xv) 
Original Reset Reference Rate 
Payment Basis: 
[Annual/Semi-annual/Quarterly/Monthly/Not Applicable] 
(xvi) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single 
Mid-Swap 
Rate/Mean 
Mid-Swap 
Rate/Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
- 
Reference 
Rate 
Replacement 
– 
Independent Adviser: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Maturity: 
[] 
- 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate 
Final Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete “Initial Mid-Swap Rate” 
immediately below) 
 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate: 
[] per cent. 
-  
Reset Period Maturity 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate 
Final Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete “Reset Period Maturity Initial 
Mid-Swap Rate” immediately below)  
Reset Period Maturity 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate: 
[] per cent. 
- 
Last Observable Mid-
Swap 
Rate 
Final 
Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xvii) 
First 
Reset 
Period 
Fallback 
Yield: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(N.B. only applicable where the Reset Reference Rate is 
Reference Bond or CMT Rate) 
(xviii) Fallback Relevant Time: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(N.B. only applicable where the Reset Reference Rate is 
CMT Rate) 
(xix) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360]/[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]/[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
(xx) 
Calculation Agent: 
[]

--- Page 133 ---
Pricing Supplement 
 
133 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Specified Period:  
[Not Applicable/[]]  
 
(Specified Period and Interest Payment Dates are 
alternatives. A Specified Period, rather than Interest 
Payment Dates, will only be relevant if the Business Day 
Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention. Otherwise, insert 
“Not Applicable”) 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Dates:  
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
(Specified Period and Interest Payment Dates are 
alternatives. If the Business Day Convention is the FRN 
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention, insert “Not Applicable”) 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention:  
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention]  
(iv) 
Applicable Business Centre(s):  
[Not Applicable/insert Applicable Business Centres]  
(v) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination]  
(vi) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s): 
[] 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
− 
Term Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
− 
Overnight Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
• 
Index 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If ‘Index Determination’ is ‘Applicable’, insert number of 
days (expected to be five or greater) as the Relevant 
Number, and the other bullets under this paragraph should 
be specified as ‘Not Applicable’.) 
(If ‘Index Determination’ is ‘Not Applicable’, delete

--- Page 134 ---
Pricing Supplement 
 
134 
‘Relevant Number’ and complete the other bullets under this 
paragraph.) 
• 
Relevant Number: 
[[5 / [ ]] [[London Business Days]/[United States 
Government Securities Business Days]]/[Not Applicable] 
• 
Observation 
Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. Lock-out is only applicable where the Reference Rate 
is SOFR) 
• 
Lag 
Look-back 
Period: 
[5/[ ] Relevant Business Days][Not Applicable] 
• 
Observation 
Shift 
Period: 
[5/[ ] Relevant Business Days][Not Applicable] 
• 
D: 
[365/360/[ ]] days 
− 
Reference Rate: 
[SONIA / SOFR / EURIBOR / NIBOR / STIBOR / CIBOR 
/ SHIBOR / BBSW / HIBOR / specify other] 
− 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s):  
[] 
− 
Relevant Screen Page:  
[] 
− 
Relevant Time:  
[] in the Relevant Financial Centre 
− 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre:  
[] 
− 
Reference Banks: 
[] 
− 
Reference 
Rate 
Replacement 
– 
Independent Adviser: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
− 
Reference 
Rate 
Replacement - ARRC: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. only applicable where the Reference Rate is SOFR) 
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
(N.B. To be specified if “Reference Rate Replacement – 
ARRC” is specified as “Applicable”) 
(viii) 
ISDA Determination:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
− 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions]

--- Page 135 ---
Pricing Supplement 
 
135 
− 
Floating Rate Option: 
[] 
− 
Designated Maturity:  
[] 
− 
Reset Date:  
[] 
(ix) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using linear interpolation in accordance with Condition 7.5 
(Linear Interpolation) (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
(x) 
Margin(s):  
[Plus/Minus] [] per cent. per annum  
(xi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable/[] per cent. per annum] 
(xii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable/[] per cent. per annum] 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[] 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[] 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s) 
(Call): 
[] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
(Call): 
[[] per Calculation Amount/[]] 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remainder 
of 
this 
subparagraph) 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[]

--- Page 136 ---
Pricing Supplement 
 
136 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
Minimum period: [5] days 
 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system business 
days’ notice for a call) and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent) 
19. 
MREL 
Disqualification 
Event 
Redemption Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Only relevant for Preferred Senior Notes and Non-
Preferred Senior Notes) 
20. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
21. 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax): 
[As set out in the Conditions/[] per Calculation Amount] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
22. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer 
Notes: 
[Initially 
represented 
by 
a 
[Temporary/Permanent] Global Note.] [Specify. If nothing is 
specified and this Pricing Supplement does not specify that 
TEFRA C Rules apply, the Notes will be represented 
initially by a Temporary Global Note. If this Pricing 
Supplement specifies that TEFRA C Rules apply, the Notes 
will be represented by a Permanent Global Note.] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes on 
[] days’ notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances 
described in the Permanent Global Note.] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes.] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
on [] days’ notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances 
described in the Permanent Global Note.]]  
 
(N.B. In the case of Bearer Notes, the exchange upon 
notice/at any time options as specified above and in the 
Conditions should not be expressed to be applicable if the 
Specified Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 6 
includes language substantially to the following effect: 
“[EUR 100,000 and integral multiples of EUR 1,000 in 
excess thereof and up to and including EUR 199,000].”)  
 
[Registered Notes: 
[Regulation S Global Note ([currency][] aggregate

--- Page 137 ---
Pricing Supplement 
 
137 
nominal amount) [registered in the name of a nominee for a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safe-keeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg] exchangeable for Registered 
Notes on [] days’ notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances described in the Global Registered Note.] 
[Rule 144a Global Note ([currency][] aggregate nominal 
amount) [registered in the name of Cede & Co. as nominee 
for DTC] exchangeable for Registered Notes on [] days’ 
notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances described in 
the Global Registered Note.]] 
 
[VP 
Systems 
Notes 
issued 
in 
uncertificated 
and 
dematerialised book entry form. See further paragraph [5] of 
Part B below.] 
 
(N.B. CNY Notes can only be issued as Bearer Notes) 
23. 
New Global Note form: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
24. 
Applicable Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/Give details. See definition of Payment 
Business Day, business day or VP Systems Notes payment 
day, as applicable, in the Conditions. Note that this 
paragraph relates to the date and place of payment, and not 
to Interest Payment Dates] 
25. 
Currency Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)  
[(i) 
Relevant Currency: 
[euro/specify other] 
[(ii) 
Event Currency Jurisdiction: 
[specify]] 
 
(N.B. delete in the case of CNY Notes) 
(ii/iii) 
[Currency Calculation Agent:  
[]] 
26. 
MREL 
Disqualification 
Event 
Substitution/Variation Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Only relevant for Preferred Senior Notes and Non-
Preferred Senior Notes) 
27. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes. As the Notes have more than 27 coupons payments, 
Talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive form, 
more than 27 coupon payments are still to be made/No] 
28. 
Other terms and conditions: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading.]

--- Page 138 ---
Pricing Supplement 
 
138 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By: 
.................................................................... 
By: 
 ...................................................................  
 
Duly authorised 
 
Duly authorised 
[CC: Citibank, N.A., London Branch as Fiscal Agent [and as Principal Registrar]] (Not applicable for VP Systems 
Notes)

--- Page 139 ---
Pricing Supplement 
 
139 
PART B  – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Specify/Not Applicable]  
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on [specify] with effect on or about []/Not 
Applicable.]  
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue, need to indicate that 
original securities are already admitted to trading.) 
(iii) 
Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
relating to admission to trading: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
2. 
Ratings 
 
Ratings: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are 
expected to be]] rated [] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies)].] 
 
[There is no guarantee that [any of] the above rating[s] will 
be maintained following the date of this Pricing Supplement. 
Up-to-date information should always be sought by direct 
reference to the relevant rating agency.]  
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, 
that rating.) 
 
Each of [relevant rating agency] is established in the 
European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 (as amended). 
 
Each of [relevant rating agency] is not established in the 
[European Union] and is not registered under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended). 
3. 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the [Issue/Offer] 
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/ 
offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the 
following statement: 
Save as discussed in the “Subscription and Sale” and “General Information” sections of the [Current] 
Base Prospectus, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest 
material to the offer. 
[4.] 
Fixed Rate Notes and Reset Notes only – Yield 
 
Indication of yield: 
[]

--- Page 140 ---
Pricing Supplement 
 
140 
 
As set out above, the yield is calculated at the Issue Date on 
the basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future 
yield.]2 
[5.] 
Operational Information 
 
ISIN Code/[CUSIP]: 
[] 
Common Code: 
[] 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “Yes” simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. 
[(together, the “ICSDs”)] as common safe-keeper [(and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safe-keeper,][include this text for 
Registered Notes] and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
European Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]  
 
[Yes. Note that the designation “Yes” does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or 
all times during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the European Central Bank being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.](Include for 
issues of relevant VP Systems Notes only) 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “No” at the date 
of this Pricing Supplement, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then be 
deposited with one of Euroclear Bank SA/NV and/or 
Clearstream Banking S.A. [(together, the “ICSDs”)] as 
common safe-keeper [(and registered in the name of a 
                                                     
2  
Complete section only if applicable. Otherwise delete and re-number sections accordingly.

--- Page 141 ---
Pricing Supplement 
 
141 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common safe-
keeper,][include this text for Registered Notes]. Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the European Central Bank being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
Any 
clearing 
system(s) 
other 
than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking S.A. (including The Depositary 
Trust 
Company) 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/ The Depositary Trust Company/ give 
name(s) and number(s)/ VP, VP identification number: 
[]./VPS, VPS identification number: []./Euroclear 
Sweden, Euroclear Sweden identification number: [].] The 
Issuer shall be entitled to obtain certain information from the 
register maintained by [VP]/[VPS]/[Euroclear Sweden] for 
the purpose of performing its obligations under the issue of 
VP Systems Notes] (delete as applicable) 
Settlement Procedures: 
[Specify whether customary medium term note/ other 
settlement and payment procedures apply] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) or, in the case of Registered 
Notes only, alternative Registrar (if any): 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
[6.] 
Distribution 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
(iv) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(vi) 
TEFRA Rules: 
[As set out in the [Current] Base Prospectus/TEFRA C 
Rules apply/Not Applicable]  
 
(Specify whether the automatic position in the Base 
Prospectus applies (i.e. TEFRA D Rules apply) or TEFRA C 
Rules apply or whether TEFRA Rules are not applicable.) 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to European 
Economic Area Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, 
“Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute “packaged” products, “Applicable” should be 
specified.)

--- Page 142 ---
Pricing Supplement 
 
142 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to United 
Kingdom Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, 
“Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute “packaged” products, “Applicable” should be 
specified.) 
[7.] 
Reasons for the offer 
 
Use of Proceeds: 
[General Business Purposes][Green Bonds][Issuer’s Capital 
Base][] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in the Base Prospectus – if 
reasons for the offer are different from general business 
purposes, Green Bonds and/or the Issuer’s capital base, will 
need to include those reasons here.)

--- Page 143 ---
143 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
An amount equal to the net proceeds from each Tranche of Notes will, unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or, (in the case of Exempt Notes only), the relevant Pricing Supplement, be applied/allocated 
by the Issuer as follows: 
(a) 
where “General Business Purposes” is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
for its general business purposes; or 
(b) 
where “Green Bonds” is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, to finance 
or re-finance, in whole or in part, Green Loans located predominantly in the Nordic region and 
originated by the Issuer that promote the transition to low-carbon, climate resilient and 
sustainable economies, in each case as determined by the Issuer in accordance with the Green 
Loan categories set out in the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework available on the Issuer’s website 
(https://danskebank.com/investor-relations/debt/green-bonds) and in effect at the time of issuance 
of the Green Bonds; or 
(c) 
where “Issuer’s Capital Base” is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, the net 
proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Subordinated Notes will form part of the Issuer’s capital 
base.  
For the purposes of this section: 
“Green Loans” are loans and investments within the Green Loan categories set out in the Issuer’s Green Bond 
Framework. Such Green Loan categories are outlined in the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework and currently include 
those which relate to: clean transportation; renewable energy; transmission and energy storage; environmentally 
sustainable management of living natural resources and land use; green and energy efficient buildings; pollution 
prevention and control; sustainable water and wastewater management; and climate change adaption.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
DESCRIPTION OF THE DANSKE BANK GROUP 
The general corporate structure of the Danske Bank Group (the “Danske Bank Group” or the “Group”) 
is as shown below: 
 
Overview 
The Group is the leading financial service provider in Denmark (source: the DFSA) measured by total 
working capital as at 31 December 2021, and one of the largest in the Nordic region measured by total assets as at 
31 December 2021. The Group offers customers a wide range of services in the fields of banking, mortgage 
finance, insurance, pension, real-estate brokerage, asset management and trading in fixed income products, 
foreign exchange and equities. The Issuer is the largest bank in Denmark (source: the DFSA), is one of the larger 
banks in Finland and Northern Ireland, and has challenger positions in Sweden and Norway. As at 31 December 
2021, the Group’s total assets amounted to DKK 3,936 billion (EUR 529,1 billion)1 and the Group employed 
21,754 full-time equivalent employees. As at the same date, the Group had approximately 3.3 million customers 
and approximately 2.4 million customers used the Group’s online services. The Group had 170 branches as at 31 
December 2021. 
Danske Bank A/S (“Danske Bank” or the “Issuer”) is the parent company of the Group. Danske Bank is 
a Nordic bank with bridges to the rest of the world, and its core markets are Denmark, Sweden, Norway and 
Finland. In these countries, it serves all types of customers, from retail customers and commercial to large 
corporate and institutional customers. It also operates in Northern Ireland, where it serves both retail and 
commercial customers. The Group has additional offices in other European countries including branch offices in 
Poland and the U.K., where its main offerings are solutions for Nordic and local businesses as well as private 
banking clients. The Group also conducts broker-dealer activities in the United States. 
The registered office of the Issuer is at 2-12 Holmens Kanal, DK-1092 Copenhagen K, Denmark, with 
telephone number +45 33 44 00 00 and Danish corporate registration number 61126228. 
The Issuer’s History and Development 
The Issuer was founded in Denmark and registered on 5 October 1871 and has, through the years, merged 
with a number of financial institutions. The Issuer is a commercial bank with limited liability and carries on 
business under the Danish Financial Business Act. The Issuer is registered with the Danish Business Authority. 
Organisational structure and Business Units  
Personal & Business Customers 
The Personal & Business Customers business unit serves personal customers, private banking customers and 
small and medium-sized businesses in Denmark, Sweden, Norway and Finland, taking into consideration each 
customer’s current situation and needs. The business unit focuses on digital solutions to enable all customers to use 
                                                     
1  
Unless specified, DKK amounts are converted into EUR at FX rate = 7.4365 DKK per EUR. 
Danske Bank 
Realkredit Danmark 
(Mortgage Finance)
Other
Subsidiaries 
Danica Pension, 
Livsforsikringsaktieselskab 
(Life and Pensions)

--- Page 145 ---
145 
banking solutions whenever and wherever. Services for daily banking, home financing, investment and retirement 
planning are provided to personal customers. For commercial customers, the business unit offers advice on acquisitions, 
change of ownership, strategic development and international expansion, for example. As at 31 December 2021, the 
Personal & Business Customers business unit had 6,565 full-time equivalent employees.   
Large Corporates & Institutions 
The Large Corporates & Institutions business unit serves large corporates and institutional customers with their 
complex financing and transaction needs. Expertise is offered on financing, risk management, investments, financial 
advisory services and transaction banking solutions, and the business unit serves to stand as an intermediary between 
issuers and investors in order to create financing and investment opportunities. The business unit’s core market is in 
Denmark, Sweden, Norway and Finland, however it also acts as a bridge to the world for Nordic customers as well as a 
gateway into the Nordics for international customers. As at 31 December 2021, the Large Corporates & Institutions 
business unit had 2,684 full-time equivalent employees. 
On 7 January 2022, the Issuer announced adjustments to its organisation, as Personal & Business 
Customers will now be split into two business units. Therefore, the commercial activities are now to be organised 
into three business units: Personal Customers, Business Customers, and Large Corporates & Institutions. The 
changes are expected to take place no later than 1 May 2022. 
Shareholders’ equity 
The Issuer’s shareholders’ equity was DKK 171.2 billion (EUR 23.0 billion) as at the end of 2021, as 
against total equity at 1 January 2021 of DKK 160.2 billion (EUR 21.5 billion)2.  
At year-end 2021, the Issuer’s authorised and issued share capital totalled DKK 8,621,846,210 (EUR 
1.159 billion) based on 862,184,621 shares of DKK 10 (EUR 1.345) each. The Issuer’s shares are listed on 
Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S.  
At year-end 2021, the Issuer had approximately 291,000 shareholders. According to the Danish 
Companies Act, shareholders must notify a company if their shareholding exceeds 5 per cent. of the company’s 
share capital or if any change occurs in a previously notified shareholding to the effect that the 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 
50, 90 or 100 per cent. thresholds and the thresholds of one-third or two-thirds of the voting rights or the share 
capital are reached or no longer reached.  
At year-end 2021, one shareholder group had notified the Issuer of holding 5 per cent. or more of the 
Issuer’s share capital and voting rights:  
• 
A.P. Møller-Holding Group held a total (directly and indirectly) of more than 20.0 per cent. of 
the shares and the voting rights of the Issuer.  
 
The Issuer estimates that, at year-end 2021, 56 per cent. of its share capital was held by investors inside 
of Denmark and 44 per cent. of its share capital was held by investors outside of Denmark. Most foreign investors 
are based in the United States and the United Kingdom. 
Capital and Solvency 
The Group’s capital base consists of tier 1 capital (common equity tier 1 capital and additional tier 1 
capital instruments) and tier 2 capital. At 31 December 2021, the capital base of the Group amounted to DKK 
192.8 billion (EUR 25.9 billion), the total capital ratio for the Group was 22.4 per cent., with a common equity 
tier 1 capital ratio of 17.7 per cent. and a tier 1 capital ratio of 20.0 per cent. At 31 December 2021, the total 
                                                     
2  
FX rate at 1 January 2021 = 7.4379 DKK per EUR.

--- Page 146 ---
146 
capital ratio for the Issuer was 26.5 per cent. with a CET1 ratio of 20.9 per cent. and a tier 1 capital ratio of 23.6 
per cent. 
At the end of 2021, the Group’s REA amounted to DKK 860 billion (EUR 115.7 billion), against DKK 
784 billion (EUR 105.4 billion)3 at the end of 2020. The increase in REA is mainly driven by an increase in credit 
risk REA of DKK 84.9 billion (EUR 11.4 billion) due to the implementation of the new regulatory requirements 
from the European Banking Authority, where a block reservation is made under the standardised approach that 
will be converted to an advanced internal ratings-based approach at a later stage as models are updated. The REA 
for market risk decreased by DKK 3.4 billion (EUR 0.5 billion) whereas REA for the operational risk remained 
stable with a slight increase of DKK 0.8 billion (EUR 0.1 billion). The REA for counterparty credit risk decreased 
by DKK 6.3 billion (EUR 0.8 billion) from the 2020 level, primarily driven by portfolio changes.  
The following table below shows the total capital ratio, tier 1 capital ratio and common equity tier 1 
capital ratio. The second table shows the risk exposure amounts, tier 2 capital instruments and additional tier 1 
capital instruments.  
 
Danske Bank Group  
 
 
(%) 
31 Dec. 2021 
31 Dec. 2020 
Total capital ratio ......................................................................
22.4 
23.0 
Tier 1 capital ratio .....................................................................
20.0 
20.5 
Common equity tier 1 capital ratio, excluding hybrid core 
capital ........................................................................................
17.7 
18.3 
Note: The ratios are calculated in accordance with the Danish Financial Business Act. 
Source: Annual Report 2021, pg. 63. 
 
Danske Bank Group 
 
(DKKm) 
(EURm) 
 
31 Dec. 2021 
31 Dec. 2020 
31 Dec. 2021 
31 Dec. 2020 
Risk exposure amount  ...........
860,1
73 
784,184 
115,66
9 
105,411 
Additional tier 1 capital 
instruments 
19,93
3 
17,282 
2,680 
2,323 
Tier 2 capital instruments .......
20,88
8 
19,108 
2,809 
2,569 
Exchange Rate (DKK/EUR) ..
 
 
7.4365 
7.4393 
Source: (DKK amounts) Annual Report 2021, pg. 63. 
On 3 May 2018, the DFSA ordered the Board of Directors and the Executive Board (since re-named to 
the Executive Leadership Team) to reassess the Issuer’s and the Group’s solvency need in order to ensure an 
adequate internal capital coverage of compliance and reputational risks as a result of weaknesses in the Group’s 
governance. The DFSA initially estimated that a Pillar 2 add-on should amount to at least DKK 5 billion (EUR 
0.67 billion)4. On 4 October 2018, the DFSA ordered the Group to reassess its solvency need with a view to 
                                                     
3  
FX rate at 31 December 2020 = 7.4393 DKK per EUR 
4  
FX rate at 3 May 2018 = 7.4497 DKK per EUR.

--- Page 147 ---
147 
adding an absolute minimum of DKK 10 billion (EUR 1.34 billion)5 to the Group’s Pillar 2 requirement 
(including the DKK 5 billion Pillar 2 add-on ordered in the DFSA decision dated 3 May 2018). The DKK 10 
billion are required to be fully met with CET1 capital and constituted 1.3 percentage points of the solvency need 
as of end December 2019. 
At the end of December 2021, the Group’s solvency need was 11.4 per cent., a decrease of 1.2 percentage 
points from the level at the end of 2020. As of 31 December 2021, the Group’s total capital ratio was 22.4 per 
cent. and the CET1 capital ratio was 17.7 per cent.  
Subordinated debt and additional tier 1 capital 
During 2021, the Issuer issued one tier 2 capital instrument on 15 February 2021. The instrument issued 
had a nominal value of EUR 750 million (DKK 5.5775 billion)6. The Issuer also issued one additional tier 1 
capital instrument on 18 May 2021. The instrument issued had a nominal value of USD 750 million (DKK 4.5633 
billion).7 The Issuer redeemed one tier 2 capital instrument on 19 May 2021 and one additional tier 1 capital 
instrument on 23 November 2021. The instruments had nominal values of EUR 500 million (DKK 3.718 billion)8 
and DKK 3 billion (EUR 403.4 million)9, respectively.  
Capital regulation 
The Issuer is following the phase-in of the CRR II and the CRD V Directive in accordance with Danish 
and EU rules.  
The impact of IFRS 9 on regulatory capital is subject to a five-year phase-in period from 1 January 2018, 
whereby an institution is allowed to include in its CET1 capital a portion of the increased expected credit loss 
provisions for a transition period. The transition method applied for the Group is based on a so-called dynamic 
approach taking into account both the initial impact and the evolution of the new expected credit loss provisions 
during the transition period.  
In response to COVID-19, a legislative package with targeted legislative changes and selected changes to 
application timing was agreed and adopted by the EU legislators in June 2020. The most significant changes were 
to prolong the IFRS 9 transitional arrangement and bringing forward the application date of the supporting factor 
for SMEs included in the CRR II. 
The DFSA has approved the Issuer’s continuing use of the financial conglomerate deduction method for 
holdings in Danica Pension. The deduction is based on Danica Pension’s solvency need rather than on its 
minimum capital requirement. The non-deductible part of the holdings will be risk-weighted at 100 per cent. 
Distributions of Dividends 
The Group has the ambition to pay out ordinary dividends of 40-60 per cent. of its net profit. The 
proposal for the actual dividend ratio in a given year is made with respect to the capital targets and capital plan. 
The capital structure can be further adjusted through extraordinary dividends and/or share buy-back programmes 
if excess capital relative to the capital targets and planning is available after dividends have been paid out, 
profitable growth opportunities have been exhausted and other quantifiable matters with material impact on the 
Group’s capital position have been accounted for. The Group’s dividend policy was approved at the board 
meeting on 28 October 2021.  
                                                     
5  
FX rate at 4 October 2018 = 7.4567 DKK per EUR. 
6  
FX rate = 7.4366 DKK per EUR. 
7  
FX rate = 6.0844 DKK per USD. 
8  
FX rate = 7.4360 DKK per EUR. 
9  
FX rate = 7.4364 DKK per EUR.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
In accordance with the Issuer’s dividend policy, the Issuer intends to pay-out a total dividend of DKK 7.5 
(EUR 1.009) per share for 2021, corresponding to 50 per cent. of the net profit for the year. The Board of 
Directors proposes an initial dividend payment of DKK 2 (EUR 0.269) per share to the annual general meeting. 
The remaining DKK 5.5 (EUR 0.740) per share is intended to be paid out in three tranches following the 
publication of interim reports in 2022, subject to a decision by the Board of Directors in accordance with the 
authorisation given to the Board of Directors and based on the usual assessment of the Issuer’s capital position at 
the end of each interim period. This approach is taken to preserve the dividend policy of the Issuer while ensuring 
a prudent capital management with a high degree of flexibility in light of the Estonia matter, where the Issuer 
remains unable to estimate any potential outcome or timing. Thus the Issuer’s dividend policy remains unchanged, 
targeting a dividend of 40-60 per cent. of net profit. 
Legal and Regulatory Proceedings 
Owing to its business volume, the Group is continually a party to various lawsuits and disputes and has 
an on-going dialogue with public authorities such as the DFSA.  
Estonia matter 
The Issuer remains in dialogue with various authorities regarding the terminated non-resident 
portfolio at the Issuer’s Estonian branch. This includes criminal and regulatory investigations by authorities 
in Estonia, Denmark, France and the United States. The Issuer continues to cooperate with all authorities.  
In 2018, the Estonian Office of the Prosecutor General opened a criminal investigation into former 
employees of the Estonian branch.  
In November 2018, the Issuer was preliminarily charged by the Danish Special Crime Unit (“SCU”) 
(previously part of the Danish State Prosecutor for Serious Economic and International Crime) with violating 
the Danish Act on Money Laundering on four counts, all relating to the Estonian branch, in the period from 
1 February 2007 to the end of January 2016. In October 2020, SCU added violation of Section 71 of the 
Danish Financial Business Act for governance and control failures in the period from 1 February 2006 to the 
end of 2017 to the preliminary charges.  
In February 2019, the Issuer was placed under formal investigation by an investigating judge of the 
Tribunal de Grande Instance de Paris in the context of an on-going French criminal investigation and on the 
grounds of money laundering suspicions relating to certain transactions in the terminated portfolio of non-
resident customers of the Issuer’s Estonian branch, which amounted to around DKK 160 million and which 
were performed between 2007 and 2014. The Issuer has posted bail in the amount of DKK 80 million.  
In December 2020, the Issuer was informed by the U.S. Department of Treasury’s Office of Foreign 
Assets Control (“OFAC”) that it had decided to close its investigation of the Issuer in relation to the Estonia 
case with no action. OFAC is the U.S. authority responsible for civil enforcement of U.S. sanctions. The 
decision does not preclude OFAC from taking future enforcement action, should new or additional 
information warrant renewed attention. 
The Issuer is reporting to, responding to and cooperating with various authorities, including SCU, the 
U.S. Department of Justice (“DOJ”) and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), relating to the 
Issuer’s Estonian branch. The internal investigation work that the Issuer had planned to complete during 2020 has 
been finalised and the Issuer has reported the findings to relevant authorities. The Issuer continues to fully 
cooperate and will provide the authorities with further information if, and when, requested. The overall timing of 
the authorities’ investigations remains unknown and is not within the Issuer’s control. It is not yet possible to 
reliably estimate the timing, form of resolution, or amount of potential settlement or fines, which could be 
material.

--- Page 149 ---
149 
Based on orders from the DFSA, the Issuer’s solvency need has been increased in 2018 by a Pillar II add-
on of, in total, DKK 10 billion, to ensure adequate capital coverage of the increased compliance and reputational 
risks in relation to the Estonian AML matter.  
On 9 January 2019, an action was filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of 
New York by an alleged holder of the Issuer’s American Depositary Receipts, representing its ordinary shares, 
against the Issuer and certain of its officers and former officers and/or directors. That case is now terminated, 
having been dismissed with prejudice by the district court and affirmed by the US Court of Appeals for the 
Second Circuit in August 2021. 
 On 3 March 2019, a court case was initiated against the Issuer for approval of a class action, led by a 
newly formed association, with the aim to represent former and current shareholders in a liability action relating 
to the Estonian AML matter. On 21 January 2021, the court dismissed the case because it did not fulfil the criteria 
for being approved as a class action. The association has appealed this decision. The appeal will not be decided 
until the first quarter of 2022, at the earliest. In March 2019, October 2019, January 2020, March 2020, September 
2020 and February 2021, a total of 320 separate cases were initiated and are still ongoing against the Issuer, with a 
total claim amount of approximately DKK 7.9 billion. On 27 December 2019 and on 4 September 2020, two 
separate claims were filed by 93 investors against the Issuer with a total claim amount of approximately DKK 1.6 
billion. On 2 September 2020, 20 separate claims were filed by 20 investors against the Issuer with a total claim 
amount of approximately DKK 1.1 billion. On 18 September 2020, one case was filed by 201 investors with a 
total claim value of approximately DKK 2.1 billion. On 18 September 2020, one case was filed against the Issuer 
and Thomas F. Borgen (former CEO of the Issuer) by two investors, with a total claim amount of DKK 10 
million, which was increased to approximately DKK 147 million on 3 January 2022. These court actions relate to 
alleged violations in the Issuer’s branch in Estonia of the rules on prevention of money laundering and/or alleged 
failure to timely inform the market of such violations (and in one claim, also market manipulation). A total of 200 
cases have been referred to the High Court of Eastern Denmark, while the remaining cases are stayed or pending 
before the Copenhagen City Court. The Issuer intends to defend itself against these claims. The timing of 
completion of any such lawsuits (pending or threatening) and their outcomes are uncertain.  
On 20 February 2020 and 12 March 2021, two cases were initiated against Thomas F. Borgen by 76 
institutional investors, funded by the litigation funder, Deminor Recovery Services. The total claim amount is 
approximately DKK 3.2 billion. The main hearing was scheduled to be held in September 2021, but this hearing 
was cancelled after a default judgement was issued on 14 September 2021. The case was subsequently resumed 
on 15 September 2021, and the main hearing is provisionally scheduled for the third quarter of 2022. The Issuer 
has received procedural notifications in respect of both cases. Under Danish law, the purpose of a procedural 
notification is to make a formal reservation of rights to bring a potential claim against the notified party. On 12 
November 2021, the Issuer received a joinder statement of claim from the claimants requesting that the Issuer be 
joined to the case initiated on 20 February 2020 against Thomas F. Borgen. The claim amount is currently limited 
to DKK 10 million, with a reservation to increase this to the full amount of the claim initiated against Thomas F. 
Borgen on 20 February 2020. The court has not yet rendered its decision as to whether the Issuer should be joined 
to the case.  
On 5 August 2021, an action was filed in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York by 
approximately 500 plaintiffs, comprising U.S. military members and U.S. civilians who allegedly were killed or 
wounded while serving in Afghanistan between 2011 and 2016 and their families, against the Issuer and Danske 
Markets, Inc., as well as various branches of Deutsche Bank and Standard Chartered Bank and two money 
remitters, Placid Express and Wall Street Exchange. Plaintiffs claim that the defendant banks and money remitters 
allegedly aided and abetted a terrorist syndicate that sponsored violence in Afghanistan, in violation of the Anti-
Terrorism Act, through the facilitation of certain transactions that allegedly allowed funds to ultimately be 
transferred to the terrorist organisations. The complaint seeks unspecified punitive and compensatory damages. 
The Issuer is defending these claims. The timing of the completion of the lawsuit and the outcome is uncertain.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
Other 
All affected customers have been contacted and compensated in the Flexinvest Fri case, and the orders 
handed down in connection with this issue are considered complied with by the DFSA. The Issuer has taken 
several initiatives to make sure something similar should not happen again. 
In June 2020, the DFSA filed a criminal complaint against the Issuer for violation of Regulation (EU) No. 
596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse on account of 
inadequate market monitoring and market manipulation in respect of self-matching trades, and on 25 June 2021, 
the Issuer was preliminarily charged with this alleged violation. The Issuer has a dialogue with and cooperates 
with the SCU, but cannot comment further as long as the SCU is investigating the case. 
The Issuer does not comment on the risk of fines being imposed or the amount of such fines, if any. The 
Issuer has an ongoing dialogue with different authorities and is cooperating with these authorities. The Issuer does 
not in general comment on its dialogue with authorities. The Issuer has no basis for providing any indication on 
when the investigations by authorities are expected to be completed. As and when required, the Issuer will update 
the financial market via the usual channels (i.e. company announcement or on www.danskebank.com). The Issuer 
will also include updated information regarding current legal and regulatory proceedings in its interim financial 
statements (which will be incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus by a supplement hereto at the relevant 
time).

--- Page 151 ---
151 
Management of the Issuer 
The Issuer’s administrative bodies are the Board of Directors and the Executive Leadership Team. The 
Board of Directors, which consists of non-executive directors, is elected by the shareholders of the Issuer at the 
annual General Meeting or at an extraordinary General Meeting, with the exception of those directors who are 
elected pursuant to prevailing law concerning employee representation on the Board of Directors (currently four). 
The non-employee directors, who are elected by the shareholders, are elected for terms of one year and the 
number of such directors may range from six to ten. Directors are eligible for re-election. The Issuer’s Executive 
Leadership Team may consist of two to twelve members who are responsible for the day-to-day business and 
affairs of the Issuer. The business address of the Board of Directors and the Executive Leadership Team is 2-12 
Holmens Kanal, DK-1092 Copenhagen K, Denmark. 
The present members of the Board of Directors and their external positions are as follows: 
Members of the Board of Directors elected by the annual General Meeting 
Martin Blessing, Chairman 
 
Directorships and other offices: 
Cembra Money Bank AG (Member of the Board of 
Directors) 
 
MB-Ventures GmbH (Executive Officer). 
Jan Thorsgaard Nielsen, Vice Chairman 
 
Directorships and other offices: 
Chief Investment Officer (CIO) (A.P. Møller Holding 
A/S) 
 
APMH Invest A/S (Chairman or member of the Board 
of Directors of twenty-two affiliated undertakings) 
 
LEGO A/S (Member of the Board of Directors) 
 
Thorsgaard Holding ApS (Executive Officer). 
Lars-Erik Brenøe 
 
Directorships and other offices: 
Executive Vice President, Head of Chairman’s Office, 
A.P. Møller-Maersk A/S 
 
The A.P. Møller and Chastine Mc-Kinney Møller 
Foundation (A.P. Møller og Chastine Mc-Kinney 
Møller Fond til almene Formaal) (Member of the 
Boards of Directors or the Executive Boards of four 
affiliated undertakings) 
 
Maersk Broker K/S (Chairman or Vice Chairman of 
the Board of Directors of six affiliated undertakings)  
 
Navigare Capital Partners A/S (Chairman) 
 
LINDØ port of Odense A/S (Member of the Board of 
Directors) 
 
The A.P. Møller Family Foundation (A.P. Møller og

--- Page 152 ---
152 
Hustru Chastine Mc-Kinney Møllers Familiefond) 
(Member of the Board of Directors) 
 
The Confederation of Danish Industry (DI) (Member 
of the Central Board) 
 
The Danish Committee on Foundation Governance 
(Vice Chairman).  
Jacob Dahl 
 
Directorships and other offices: 
None. 
Raija-Leena Hankonen-Nybom 
 
Directorships and other offices: 
Brigadeiro Holding Oy (Chairman) 
Helsinki Deaconess Foundation sr (Member of the 
Board of Directors and Chairman of the Audit 
Committee) 
Metsä Board Oyj (Member of the Board of Directors 
and Chairman of the Audit Committee) 
 
Posti Group Oyj (Member of the Board of Directors 
and Chairman of the Audit Committee) 
 
Jalmari and Rauha Ahokas Medical Foundation 
(Chairman) 
 
Directors’ Institute Finland (Member of the Board of 
Directors) 
 
Savonlinna Opera Festival (Member of the Board of 
Directors). 
Bente Avnung Landsnes 
 
Directorships and other offices: 
NORBIT ASA (Deputy Chairman) 
 
Heimstaden Bostad AB (Member of the Board of 
Directors) 
 
Boards Impact Forum (Member of the Strategic 
Advisory Board 
The Storting (The Norwegian Parliament) (Member of 
the Remuneration Committee). 
Allan Polack 
 
Directorships and other offices: 
Fonden Human Practices Foundation (Chairman of the 
Board of Directors) 
 
Valdemar Frænkel og Moder Emmy Polack F. 
Berendts Mindelegat (Members of the Board of

--- Page 153 ---
153 
Directors). 
Carol Sergeant 
 
Directorships and other offices: 
Belmont Green Finance Limited (Member of the 
Board of Directors) 
 
Threadneedle Solutions Ltd (Company Director) 
 
Bayes Business School, UK (Member of the Advisory 
Board and Chairman of the Global Women’s 
Leadership Council) 
 
Lloyds Register Foundation (Trustee and member of 
the Audit and Investment Committee) 
 
Money 
Advice 
Trust, 
UK 
(Ambassador/representative). 
Helle Valentin 
 
Directorships and other offices: 
Managing Partner, IBM Consulting, EMEA 
 
IBM Danmark ApS (Member of the Board of 
Directors) 
 
RWE AG (Members of the Board of Directors). 
Members of the Board of Directors elected by 
the Group’s employees in Denmark 
 
Bente Bang 
 
Directorships and other offices: 
Vice Chairman of Finansforbundet in Danske Bank  
 
Bikubens Personaleforening (Chairman). 
Kirsten Ebbe Brich 
 
Directorships and other offices: 
Chairman of Finansforbundet in Danske Bank 
 
Finansforbundet i Danske Banks Jubilæumsfond 
(Chairman) 
 
Danske Unions (transnational association of local 
Danske Bank Group staff unions) (Member of the 
Board of Directors) 
 
Danske Banks Pensionskasse for Førtidspensionister 
(Member of the Board of Directors) 
 
Danske Banks Velfærdsfond af 1993 (Member of the 
Board of Directors) 
 
Finansforbundet (The Financial Services Union in 
Denmark) (Member of the Executive Committee).

--- Page 154 ---
154 
Louise Aggerstrøm Hansen 
Chief analyst, Danish Macro Research, Markets and 
Transaction Banking, Danske Bank 
Directorships and other offices: 
None.  
Aleksandras Cicasovas 
Senior Project Manager SE&BC, Projects & 
Programmes 3 LT 
Directorships and other offices: 
Lithuanian Works Council, Danske Bank 
European Works Council, Danske Bank. 
The present members of the Executive Leadership Team and their external positions are as 
follows: 
Carsten Egeriis 
CEO  
Directorships and other offices: 
Finans Danmark (Chairman) 
FR I af 16 September 2015 A/S (Chairman). 
Stephan Engels 
CFO 
Directorships and other offices: 
Danske Bank, Belfast (Northern Bank Limited), 
Northern Ireland (Member of the Board of Directors). 
Berit Behring 
Head of Large Corporates & Institutions 
Directorships and other offices: 
Danske Bank, Belfast (Northern Bank Limited), 
Northern Ireland (Member of the Board of Directors). 
Karsten Breum 
Chief People Officer 
Directorships and other offices: 
Bikubens Pensionsfond (Chairman) 
Finanssektorens Arbejdsgiverforening (FA) (The 
employer association for the finance sector) (Vice 
Chairman) 
 
Digital Dogme (Member of the Board of Directors) 
 
Finanskompetencepuljen (Member of the Board of 
Directors) 
Grænsefonden (Member of the Board of Directors). 
Magnus Thor Agustsson 
CRO  
Directorships and other offices: 
None. 
Frans Woelders 
COO 
Directorships and other offices: 
None. 
Glenn Söderholm 
Head of Personal & Business Customers

--- Page 155 ---
155 
Directorships and other offices: 
Danske Leasing A/S (Chairman) 
 
NASDAQ Advisory Committee for European Markets 
(Member) 
 
Finans Danmark (personal substitute to the chairman 
of the Board of Directors) 
FR I af 16 September 2015 A/S (personal substitute to 
the chairman of the Board of Directors) 
Danica Pension, Livsforsikringsaktieselskab 
(Chairman) 
Realkredit Danmark A/S (Chairman). 
 
Philippe Vollot 
Chief Administrative Officer 
Directorships and other offices: 
Association of Certified Anti-Money Laundering 
Specialists (ACAMS) (Member of the Advisory 
Board) 
 
French Foreign Trade Advisor, Denmark Committee 
(Member). 
The external positions for the members of the Board of Directors and the Executive Leadership Team 
may change. Updates of this information can be found on the Issuer’s homepage, https://danskebank.com/about-
us/management. 
After application of the relevant laws and conflict of interest policies of the Issuer, no potential conflicts 
of interest exist between the duties to the Issuer of the persons on the Board of Directors and the Executive 
Leadership Team and their private interests and/or other duties listed above.

--- Page 156 ---
156 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, 
BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe SA, Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), 
S.A., Danske Bank A/S (in its capacity as a Dealer), Goldman Sachs International, HSBC Continental Europe, 
J.P. Morgan SE, Société Générale and UBS Europe SE (the “Dealers”). Notes may also be sold by the Issuer 
directly to institutions who are not Dealers. The arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be 
agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and purchased by, Dealers are set out in an amended and restated dealership 
agreement dated 25 March 2022 (the “Dealership Agreement” which expression shall include any amendments 
or supplements thereto or any amendment and restatement thereof) and made between the Issuer and the Dealers. 
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant Notes, 
the price at which such Notes will be purchased by the Dealers and the commissions or other agreed deductibles 
(if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase. The Dealership Agreement makes 
provision for the resignation or termination of the appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of 
additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of 
Notes. 
United States of America: Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D, unless TEFRA C is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; Rule 144A eligible if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except that Notes in registered form 
may be offered or sold to qualified institutional buyers (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act) in 
reliance on the exemption from registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. Terms 
used in the preceding sentence have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to U.S. persons, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
agree, that, except as permitted by the Dealership Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes, (i) as part of 
their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the Notes 
comprising the relevant Tranche within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
(other than Notes sold pursuant to Rule 144A), and it will have sent to each distributor, dealer or person to which 
it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions 
on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the respective meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities 
Act. 
In addition, until forty days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, 
any offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may 
violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in 
accordance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act (if available). 
Prohibition of Sales to European Economic Area Retail Investors 
 
Unless the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specifies “Prohibition of Sales to European 
Economic Area Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of 
the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the relevant Final Terms or Pricing

--- Page 157 ---
157 
Supplement in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this 
provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
 
If the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specifies “Prohibition of Sales to European Economic 
Area Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each member state of the European Economic Area 
(each a “Member State”), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that 
Member State: 
(i) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(ii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer(s) nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(iii) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (i) to (iii) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any 
Notes in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Notes. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors 
Unless the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specifies “Prohibition of Sales to United 
Kingdom Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise 
made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the relevant Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the 
case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision:

--- Page 158 ---
158 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales 
to United Kingdom Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable” in relation to the United Kingdom, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated 
by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom 
except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(i) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(ii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation), in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(iii) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (i) to (iii) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation. 
 
For the purposes of this provision the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any 
Notes in the United Kingdom means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Notes. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
 
Each Dealer has also represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will also be required to represent and agree, that: 
• 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated, and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated, any invitation or inducement to engage in 
investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection 
with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA would 
not, if the Issuer was not an authorised person, apply to the Issuer; and

--- Page 159 ---
159 
• 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the 
FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise 
involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the “FIEA”) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell 
any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 
5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or 
to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the 
FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Denmark 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes directly 
or indirectly in Denmark by way of a public offering, unless, as applicable, in compliance with the Prospectus 
Regulation, the Danish Consolidated Act No. 1767 of 27 November 2020 on Capital Markets, as amended, 
supplemented or replaced from time to time and any Executive Orders issued thereunder and in compliance with 
Executive Order No. 191 of 31 January 2022, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time, issued 
pursuant to the Danish Financial Business Act. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused 
the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes 
or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or 
distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection 
with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any 
person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and 
Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore, as modified and amended from time to time (the “SFA”)) 
pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person pursuant (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) 
pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance 
with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the 
conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
• 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) 
the sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is 
owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
• 
 a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold 
investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited 
investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of 
that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred

--- Page 160 ---
160 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
• 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer 
referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
• 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
• 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
• 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
• 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of 
Investments)(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of 
Singapore. 
Solely for the purposes of its obligations pursuant to sections 309B(1) of the SFA, the Issuer has 
determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in section 309A(1) of the SFA) that the Notes are 
“prescribed capital markets products” (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products). 
General 
With the exception of the application to the Central Bank for the approval of this document as a Base 
Prospectus issued in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation and relevant implementing measures in Ireland, 
no action has been or will be taken in any country or jurisdiction by the Issuer or the Dealers that would permit a 
public offering of Notes, or possession or distribution of any offering material in relation thereto, in any country 
or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any 
Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations 
in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or have in their 
possession or distribute such offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealership Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating 
to any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed “General” 
above.

--- Page 161 ---
161 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of relevant tax considerations and is not to be regarded as a 
complete tax analysis of all tax issues related to the Notes. Prospective holders of Notes should consult their 
professional tax advisers if they are in doubt about their own tax position. 
Denmark Taxation 
 
According to the Danish tax laws in effect as of the date of this Base Prospectus, (i) payments of interest 
or principal amounts to any holder of a Note are not subject to taxation in Denmark, (ii) no withholding tax will 
be required on such payments and (iii) any gain realised upon the sale, exchange or retirement of a Note will not 
be subject to taxation in Denmark. This tax treatment applies solely to holders of Notes who are not subject to full 
tax liability in Denmark or included in a Danish joint taxation scheme and do not carry on business in Denmark 
through a permanent establishment.  
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as 
“FATCA”, a “foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign 
passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The 
issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including Denmark) have 
entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement 
FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of 
IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required 
to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the 
FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain 
and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect 
to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years 
after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal 
Register and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed 
term) for U.S. federal income tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date 
on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are published generally would be 
“grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. However, if 
additional notes (as described under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Further Issues”) that are not 
distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are 
subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered 
prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should 
consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. 
The Proposed Financial Transaction Tax (“FTT”) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s Proposal”) 
for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia, (the “participating Member States”). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of Notes 
should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within 
and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A

--- Page 162 ---
162 
financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a broad range of 
circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where 
the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional Member States 
may decide to participate. Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in 
relation to the FTT.

--- Page 163 ---
163 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to 
the Official List of Euronext Dublin and trading on its Regulated Market. 
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme (i) which will not be admitted to listing on the 
Official List of Euronext Dublin and will not be admitted to trading and/or quotation by the Regulated 
Market of Euronext Dublin or any other listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or (ii) 
which will be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such listing authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
2. 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the 
Issuer passed on 26 October 1995. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary 
consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes. 
3. 
The Notes (other than VP Systems Notes) have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. In addition, the Issuer may make an application for any Rule 144A Notes to 
be accepted for trading in book-entry form by DTC. Acceptance by DTC of such Notes will be confirmed 
in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 
Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream 
Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. The address of DTC is 55 Water Street, 
New York, New York 10041. The appropriate common code, the International Securities Identification 
Number and the Committee on the Uniform Security Identification Procedure (CUSIP) in relation to the 
Notes of each Series (other than VP Systems Notes) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement relating thereto. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing 
system (including VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden), the appropriate information will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC or VP, VPS 
and/or Euroclear Sweden, as the case may be, are the entities in charge of keeping the records. 
4. 
Bearer Notes which have a maturity of more than 1 year and any Coupon appertaining thereto will bear a 
legend substantially to the following effect: “Any United States person who holds this obligation will be 
subject to limitations under the United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in 
Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.” 
The sections referred to in such legend provide that a United States person who holds a Note or Coupon 
generally will not be allowed to deduct any loss realised on the sale, exchange or redemption of such 
Note or Coupon and any gain (which might otherwise be characterised as capital gain) recognised on 
such sale, exchange or redemption will be treated as ordinary income. 
5. 
Settlement arrangements will be agreed between the Issuer, the relevant Dealer(s) and the Fiscal Agent, 
the Registrar or the VP Systems Agent, as the case may be, in relation to each Tranche of Notes. 
6. 
(i) 
Save as outlined in the section “Risk Factors - COVID-19 outbreak could continue to have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial position”, 
there has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of the Issuer or of 
the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole since 31 December 2021, the last day of the 
financial period in respect of which the most recent financial statements of the Issuer have been 
prepared; and 
(ii) 
Save as outlined in the sections “Risk Factors - Disruptions and volatility in the global financial 
markets may adversely impact the Group”, “Risk Factors - COVID-19 outbreak could continue 
to have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial 
position” and “Legal and Regulatory Proceedings”, there has been no material adverse change in 
the financial position or prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2021, the last day of the

--- Page 164 ---
164 
financial period in respect of which the most recently audited financial statements of the Issuer 
have been prepared. 
7. 
Save as outlined in the section “Legal and Regulatory Proceedings”, there are no governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings against or affecting the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries (and no such proceedings 
are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during a period covering at least the previous 
twelve months which have or may have in the recent past, individually or in the aggregate, significant 
effects on the profitability or the financial position of the Issuer or of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken 
as a whole. 
8. 
The annual financial statements of the Group for each of the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 
31 December 2020 have been audited by Deloitte Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab (“Deloitte”), 
being the relevant independent public auditors of the Issuer for such period. Deloitte is a member of “FSR 
– Danske Revisorer” (Association of State Authorised Public Accountants). 
9. 
The Irish Listing Agent is Matheson and the address of its registered office is 70 Sir John Rogerson’s 
Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland. Matheson is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in 
connection with the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to trading on the Regulated 
Market of Euronext Dublin. 
10. 
For as long as the Programme remains valid with the Central Bank, copies of the following documents 
will available on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin: 
(a) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; 
(b) 
any supplements to this Base Prospectus, any future base prospectuses relating to the Programme 
and any supplements to any future base prospectuses relating to the Programme; and 
(c) 
copies of any Final Terms relating to Notes which are admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin’s 
Regulated Market. 
For as long as the Programme remains valid with the Central Bank, copies of the following documents 
will be available on the website of the Issuer at www.danskebank.com (see “Documents Incorporated by 
Reference” for more details): 
(a) 
the Articles of Association of the Issuer; 
(b) 
all reports, letters, and other documents, valuation and statements prepared by any expert at the 
Issuer’s request any part of which is included or referred to in this Base Prospectus; 
(c) 
the Annual Reports (as defined in “Documents Incorporated by Reference”);  
(d) 
the Previous Terms and Conditions (as defined in “Documents Incorporated by Reference”); and 
(e) 
any other documents incorporated herein by reference from time to time.  
11. 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of 
the Notes on the basis of the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to 
maturity as at the Issue Date of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
12. 
The issue price and amount of the Notes of any Tranche to be issued under the Programme will be 
determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of the issue of such Tranche in accordance 
with prevailing market conditions.

--- Page 165 ---
165 
13. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and their 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, 
the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and 
equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for 
their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may 
involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their 
affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the 
Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their 
affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of 
credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued 
under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes 
issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or 
financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions 
in such securities and instruments. 
14. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is MAES062Z21O4RZ2U7M96.  
15. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law. 
16. 
In this Base Prospectus, references to websites or uniform resource locators (each, a “URL”) are inactive 
textual references and are included for information purposes only. The contents of any such website or 
URL shall not form part of, or be deemed to be incorporated into, this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 166 ---
166 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Danske Bank A/S 
2-12 Holmens Kanal 
DK-1092 Copenhagen K 
Denmark 
DEALERS 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
BNP Paribas 
One Molesworth Street 
16, boulevard des Italiens  
Dublin 2, D02 RF29 
75009 Paris  
Ireland  
France  
 
 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue la Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A. 
Danske Bank A/S 
Calle de Ayala, 42 
2-12 Holmens Kanal 
28001 Madrid 
DK-1092 Copenhagen K 
Spain 
Denmark 
 
 
Goldman Sachs International 
HSBC Continental Europe 
Plumtree Court 
38 Avenue Kléber 
25 Shoe Lane 
75116 Paris 
London EC4A 4AU 
France 
United Kingdom 
 
 
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Société Générale  
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
60310 Frankfurt am Main  
75009 Paris 
Germany 
France 
 
 
 
 
UBS Europe SE 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4 
60306 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany

--- Page 167 ---
167 
AUDITORS OF THE ISSUER 
 
 
Deloitte Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab 
Weidekampsgade 6 
DK-2300 Copenhagen S 
Denmark 
 
FISCAL AGENT AND PRINCIPAL REGISTRAR 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
VP SYSTEMS AGENT 
Danske Bank A/S 
Corporate Actions 
2-12 Holmens Kanal 
DK-1092 Copenhagen K 
Denmark 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Dealers as to English Law 
To the Issuer as to Danish Law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
Gorrissen Federspiel Advokatpartnerselskab 
One Bishops Square 
Axel Towers 
London E1 6AD 
Axeltorv 2 
United Kingdom 
DK-1609 Copenhagen V 
 
Denmark 
 
 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
 
Matheson 
70 Sir John Rogerson’s Quay 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
 
Printed by Allen & Overy LLP  
0010155-0003304 UKO2: 2004098000.10