--- Page 1 ---
0010155-0003360 UKO2: 2004948238.8 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DANSKE MORTGAGE BANK PLC 
(registered as a public limited liability company in Finland) 
 
EUR 10,000,000,000 
Programme for Issuance of Covered Bonds 
Under this EUR 10,000,000,000 Programme for Issuance of Covered Bonds (the “Programme”), Danske Mortgage Bank Plc (the “Issuer”) 
(a wholly-owned subsidiary of Danske Bank A/S and thus a part of the Group (as defined below)) may from time to time issue European covered bonds 
(Premium) (“Covered Bonds”) in accordance with the Act on Mortgage Banks and Covered Bonds (FI: Laki kiinnitysluottopankeista ja katetuista 
joukkolainoista (151/2022)), as may be supplemented, amended, modified, varied, extended, replaced or re-enacted from time to time (the “Covered 
Bonds Act”), denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below).  
Covered Bonds may be issued in bearer form (“Bearer Covered Bonds”) or uncertificated book entry form (“VP Systems Covered Bonds”) 
cleared through the Danish Central Securities Depository (“VP”) or Euroclear Finland Oy, the Finnish Central Securities Depository (“Euroclear 
Finland”) (as the case may be). 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of 
the quality of the Covered Bonds that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing 
in the Covered Bonds. Such approval relates only to the Covered Bonds which are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market (the “Regulated 
Market”) of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) 
(“MiFID II”) and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a “Member State”) in 
circumstances that require the publication of a prospectus.  
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and has been prepared for the 
purpose of giving information with regard to the issue of Covered Bonds under the Programme. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Covered Bonds issued under the Programme (other than Exempt Covered Bonds (as 
defined below)) during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin and trading on 
the Regulated Market. References in this Base Prospectus to Covered Bonds being “listed” (and all related references) on Euronext Dublin shall mean 
that such Covered Bonds have been admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin and to trading on the Regulated Market. This Base Prospectus is 
valid for 12 months from its date in relation to the Covered Bonds which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic 
Area for the purposes of MiFID II. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or 
material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid.  
The Programme also permits Covered Bonds to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further listing authorities, 
stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer.  
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Covered Bonds which are to be admitted to trading 
on a regulated market in the European Economic Area for the purposes of MiFID II and/or offered to the public in the European Economic Area other 
than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. The requirement to publish a 
prospectus under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) only applies to Covered Bonds which are admitted to trading on a UK 
regulated market as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 on markets in financial instruments as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”) (“UK MiFIR”) and/or offered to the public in the United Kingdom other than in circumstances 
where an exemption is available under section 86 of the FSMA. References in this Base Prospectus to “Exempt Covered Bonds” are to Covered Bonds 
for which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation and the FSMA. The Central Bank has neither reviewed nor 
approved information contained in this Base Prospectus pertaining to Exempt Covered Bonds. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described in the section titled “Risk Factors” in this Base Prospectus. 
 _______________________________ 
Arrangers and Dealers 
BNP PARIBAS  
 
 
 
DANSKE BANK 
 
 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 5 September 2022.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents that are deemed to be 
incorporated herein by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference” below). This Base Prospectus 
shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated and form part of this Base 
Prospectus. Accordingly references herein to this “Base Prospectus” are to this document, as supplemented 
from time to time, including such documents incorporated by reference. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement for each Tranche (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” 
below) of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to 
affect its import.  
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer or the Dealers to give any information or to make any 
representation other than those contained or that are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and 
referred to below under “Documents Incorporated by Reference” in this Base Prospectus and, if given or made, 
such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the 
Dealers. 
None of the Dealers has separately verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted 
by the Dealers or any of them as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme, any Covered 
Bonds or the distribution of any Covered Bonds. No Dealer accepts liability in relation to the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the 
Programme. 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will be liabilities only of the Issuer and not of any other 
person, including the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
any Covered Bonds (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be 
considered as a recommendation or constituting an invitation or offer by the Issuer or the Dealers that any 
recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Covered Bonds, should purchase any Covered Bonds. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Covered 
Bonds should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own 
appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer and the pool of assets maintained by the Issuer which have the 
benefit of a statutory preference under the Covered Bonds Act (the “Issuer Cover Pool”). The assets 
comprising the Issuer Cover Pool will change from time to time. The Issuer will make portfolio information 
available to investors on a quarterly basis. Such information will be available on the Issuer’s website at 
https://danskebank.com/investor-relations/debt/danske-mortgage-bank.  
The delivery of this Base Prospectus does not at any time imply that the information contained herein 
concerning the Issuer and/or the Issuer Cover Pool is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that 
any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the 
date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the 
financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Issuer Cover Pool during the life of the Programme or to advise 
any investor in Covered Bonds issued under the Programme of any information coming to their attention. 
Investors should review, inter alia, the documents deemed incorporated herein by reference when deciding 
whether or not to purchase any Covered Bonds. Neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers have undertaken, nor will 
they undertake, any investigations, searches or other actions in respect of the loans and other assets contained or 
to be contained in the Issuer Cover Pool, but will instead rely on the obligations of the Issuer under the Covered 
Bonds Act. None of the Dealers will verify or monitor the application of the proceeds of any Green Covered 
Bonds (as defined below) issued under this Programme. 
Each potential investor of Covered Bonds must determine the suitability of that investment in light of 
its own circumstances. In particular, each investor should: (i) have sufficient knowledge and experience to make

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Covered Bonds, the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Covered 
Bonds and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable 
supplement to this Base Prospectus; (ii) have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to 
evaluate, in the context of its particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Covered Bonds and the 
impact such investment will have on its overall investment portfolio; (iii) have sufficient financial resources and 
liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Covered Bonds, including Covered Bonds with principal 
or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for principal or interest payments is 
different from the currency in which such potential investor’s financial activities are principally denominated; 
(iv) understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Covered Bonds and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and (v) be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial 
adviser) possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its 
ability to bear the applicable risks. The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment 
laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Financial institutions should consult their 
legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Covered Bonds under any 
applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
The Covered Bonds have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the “Securities Act”), and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) except in accordance 
with Regulation S under the Securities Act or pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Covered Bonds may be restricted by 
law in certain jurisdictions. None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that this document may be lawfully 
distributed, or that any Covered Bonds may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration 
or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any 
responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the 
Issuer or the Dealers that would permit a public offering of any Covered Bonds or distribution of this document 
in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Covered Bonds may be offered or 
sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material 
may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance 
with any applicable laws and regulations and the Dealers have represented that all offers and sales by them will 
be made on the same terms. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Covered Bonds come 
must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions. In particular, there are restrictions on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Covered Bonds in the United States, the European 
Economic Area, the United Kingdom, Finland, Denmark and Japan (see “Subscription and Sale” below). 
The Issuer is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Danske Bank A/S (“Danske Bank” or the “Parent” and, 
together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) and has been established for the purpose of managing the Group’s 
issuance of Covered Bonds under the Covered Bonds Act.  
This Base Prospectus includes “forward-looking statements”. All statements other than statements of 
historical facts included in this Base Prospectus, including, without limitation, those regarding the Issuer’s 
financial position, business strategy, plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-
looking statements. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other 
factors which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Issuer, or industry results, to be 
materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-
looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding the Issuer’s 
present and future business strategies and the environment in which the Issuer will operate in the future. 
Important factors that could cause the Issuer’s actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially 
from those in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the section titled 
“Risk Factors”. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made. The Issuer 
expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-
looking statement contained herein to reflect any change in the Issuer’s expectations with regard thereto or any 
change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
All references in this Base Prospectus to “U.S. Dollars” refer to United States Dollars, those to “DKK” 
refer to Danish Kroner and those to “euro”, “EUR” and “€” refer to the currency introduced at the start of the 
third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the 
European Union, as amended, of those members of the European Union which are participating in the European 
economic and monetary union (the “Eurozone”). 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a 
law is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
the applicable law. Capitalised terms used in this Base Prospectus have been defined in the section titled “Terms 
and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” or throughout this Base Prospectus. Accordingly, references to the Terms 
and Conditions shall be construed as references to the Terms and Conditions unless the context specifically 
states otherwise. 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF ANY TRANCHE OF COVERED BONDS, THE 
DEALER OR DEALERS (IF ANY) NAMED AS THE STABILISATION MANAGER(S) (OR PERSONS 
ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY STABILISATION MANAGER(S)) IN THE RELEVANT FINAL TERMS 
OR PRICING SUPPLEMENT MAY OVER-ALLOT COVERED BONDS OR EFFECT TRANSACTIONS 
WITH A VIEW TO SUPPORTING THE MARKET PRICE OF THE COVERED BONDS AT A LEVEL 
HIGHER THAN THAT WHICH MIGHT OTHERWISE PREVAIL. HOWEVER, STABILISATION MAY 
NOT NECESSARILY OCCUR. ANY STABILISATION ACTION MAY BEGIN ON OR AFTER THE DATE 
ON WHICH ADEQUATE PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF THE TERMS OF THE OFFER OF THE RELEVANT 
TRANCHE OF COVERED BONDS IS MADE AND, IF BEGUN, MAY CEASE AT ANY TIME, BUT IT 
MUST END NO LATER THAN THE EARLIER OF THIRTY DAYS AFTER THE ISSUE DATE OF THE 
RELEVANT TRANCHE OF COVERED BONDS AND SIXTY DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF THE 
ALLOTMENT OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF COVERED BONDS. ANY STABILISATION ACTION 
OR OVER-ALLOTMENT MUST BE CONDUCTED BY THE RELEVANT STABILISATION 
MANAGER(S) (OR PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY STABILISATION MANAGER(S)) IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND RULES. 
The rating of certain Series (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” below) of 
Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Series of Covered Bonds will 
be issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA Regulation”) will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement. In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes 
if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the 
CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions 
that apply in certain circumstances). A list of registered credit rating agencies is available on the European 
Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) website at www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-
certified-CRAs (list last updated on 24 March 2022). 
In general, United Kingdom regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom and registered 
under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
CRA Regulation”). In the case of ratings issued by third country non-United Kingdom credit rating agencies, 
third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a United Kingdom registered credit rating agency; or 
(b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. 
Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant United Kingdom registration, certification or endorsement, 
as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a certain limited period of time, transitional relief 
accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom, of existing pre-2021 ratings, 
provided the relevant conditions are satisfied. In particular, for one year following 31 December 2020, ratings 
issued or endorsed before this date by an European Economic Area credit rating agency may continue to be used

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
for regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom provided that the European Economic Area credit rating agency 
is part of a group in respect of which one of its undertakings is established and registered in the United 
Kingdom.  
Interest and/or other amounts payable under Floating Rate Covered Bonds may be calculated by 
reference to certain Reference Rates (as defined in the Terms and Conditions). Any such Reference Rate may 
constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “Benchmarks Regulation”). If any 
such Reference Rate does constitute such a benchmark, the relevant Final Terms will indicate whether or not the 
benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the 
Benchmarks Regulation. The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a 
matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the 
relevant Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
 
EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in respect of any Covered Bonds includes a legend 
titled “Prohibition of Sales to European Economic Area Retail Investors”, the Covered Bonds are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered 
Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the European Economic Area has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in respect of any Covered Bonds includes a legend 
titled “Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors”, the Covered Bonds are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and 
any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET 
 
The relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in respect of any Covered Bonds may include a legend 
titled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Covered 
Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Covered Bonds about whether, for the 
purpose of the MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product 
Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be 
a manufacturer for the purposes of the MiFID Product Governance Rules.  
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET 
 
The relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in respect of any Covered Bonds may include a legend 
titled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. A distributor (as 
defined above) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered 
Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Covered Bonds about whether, for the 
purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of 
their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purposes of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ......................................................................... 9 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................. 17 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE........................................................................ 34 
OVERVIEW OF FINNISH LEGISLATION RELATING TO COVERED BONDS .......................... 36 
FORM OF THE COVERED BONDS .................................................................................................. 42 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS ............................................................. 46 
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS FOR COVERED BONDS OTHER THAN EXEMPT COVERED 
BONDS .................................................................................................................................... 75 
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT COVERED BONDS ................................ 87 
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................................... 98 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ....................................................................................................... 99 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP ..................................................................................................... 106 
TAXATION ........................................................................................................................................ 108 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................... 111 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................. 115

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following description of key features of the Programme does not purport to be complete and is 
qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus. Words and expressions defined in “Form of the 
Covered Bonds” or “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” below shall have the same meanings in this 
description of key features of the Programme. 
 
Issuer: 
Danske Mortgage Bank Plc 
Arrangers: 
BNP Paribas 
 
Danske Bank A/S 
Dealers: 
BNP Paribas 
 
Danske Bank A/S 
Fiscal Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Irish Listing Agent: 
Matheson LLP 
VP Systems Agents: 
In respect of VP Systems Covered Bonds cleared 
through the VP, Danske Bank A/S. 
In respect of VP Systems Covered Bonds cleared 
through Euroclear Finland, Danske Bank A/S, Finland 
Branch. 
Programme Amount: 
EUR 10,000,000,000 (and, for this purpose, any 
Covered Bonds denominated in another currency shall 
be translated into euro at the date of the agreement to 
issue such Covered Bonds using the spot rate of 
exchange for the purchase of such currency against 
payment of euros being quoted by the Fiscal Agent on 
the date on which the relevant agreement in respect of 
the relevant Tranche was made or such other rate as 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree) in 
aggregate principal amount of Covered Bonds 
outstanding at any one time. 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Covered 
Bonds which may be outstanding under the 
Programme may be increased from time to time, 
subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of 
the Dealership Agreement. 
Issuance in Series: 
Covered Bonds will be issued in Series. Each Series 
may comprise one or more Tranches issued on 
different issue dates. The Covered Bonds of each 
Series will all be subject to identical terms, except that 
the issue date, the date of the first payment of interest 
(if any), the amount, and/or the issue price thereof 
may be different in respect of different Tranches. 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement: 
Each Tranche of Covered Bonds other than Exempt 
Covered Bonds will be the subject of the Final Terms 
which, for the purposes of that Tranche only, 
completes the Terms and Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds. Each Tranche of Exempt Covered Bonds will

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
be the subject of the Pricing Supplement which, for 
the purposes of that Tranche only, completes and/or 
amends and/or replaces the Terms and Conditions of 
the Covered Bonds. Each Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement must be read in conjunction with this 
Base Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable 
to any particular Tranche of Covered Bonds are the 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds as 
completed by the relevant Final Terms or (in the case 
of Exempt Covered Bonds) as completed and/or 
amended and/or replaced by the relevant Pricing 
Supplement. See also “Exempt Covered Bonds” 
below. 
Distribution: 
Covered Bonds may be distributed by way of private 
or public placement and in each case on a syndicated 
or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Covered Bonds may be denominated in any currency 
or currencies, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank 
requirements (each a “Specified Currency”).  
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives, any maturity as agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Issue Price: 
Covered Bonds may be issued at any price, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement. 
Form of Covered Bonds: 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in bearer form or, 
in the case of VP Systems Covered Bonds, 
uncertificated book entry form, as described in “Form 
of Covered Bonds” below. VP Systems Covered 
Bonds will not be evidenced by any physical covered 
bond or document of title. Entitlements to VP Systems 
Covered Bonds will be evidenced by the crediting of 
VP Systems Covered Bonds to accounts with VP or 
Euroclear Finland (as the case may be). 
In respect of each Tranche of Bearer Covered Bonds, 
the Issuer will deliver a Temporary Global Covered 
Bond or a Permanent Global Covered Bond. Interests 
in each Temporary Global Covered Bond will, not 
earlier than forty days after the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche of the Covered Bonds upon 
certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership, be 
exchangeable for interests in a Permanent Global 
Covered Bond or, if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, for Definitive Covered 
Bonds in bearer form in accordance with its terms. 
Interests in each Permanent Global Covered Bond will 
be exchangeable for Definitive Covered Bonds in 
bearer form. Definitive Covered Bonds in bearer form 
will, if interest-bearing, have Coupons attached and, if

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
appropriate, Talons. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, VP and/or 
Euroclear Finland and/or, in relation to any Tranche of 
Covered Bonds, any other clearing system as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement.  
Status of the Covered Bonds: 
The 
Covered 
Bonds 
constitute 
unsubordinated 
obligations issued in accordance with, and subject to, 
the Covered Bonds Act and rank pari passu among 
themselves and with all other obligations of the Issuer 
which benefit from the same priority right in the Issuer 
Cover Pool as the Covered Bonds under the Finnish 
Act on Priority over Creditors (Laki velkojien 
maksunsaantijärjestyksestä 1578/1992), as amended 
and the Covered Bonds Act. To the extent claims in 
relation to the Covered Bonds and other claims with 
the same priority are not met out of the Issuer Cover 
Pool or the proceeds arising from it, the residual 
claims will rank pari passu with the claims of ordinary 
unsecured and unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds: 
Covered Bonds may provide for interest based on a 
fixed rate (“Fixed Rate Covered Bonds”). Interest 
will be payable on Fixed Rate Covered Bonds on such 
date or dates as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement) and on 
redemption. 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds: 
Covered Bonds may provide for interest based on a 
floating rate (“Floating Rate Covered Bonds”). 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds will bear interest at a 
rate determined: 
(i)  
on the same basis as the floating rate under a 
notional interest-rate swap transaction in the 
relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating either the 2006 
ISDA Definitions (as published by the 
International 
Swaps 
and 
Derivatives 
Association, Inc. (ISDA), and as amended 
and updated as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Covered Bonds of the 
relevant Series), or the latest version of the 
2021 
ISDA 
Interest 
Rate 
Derivatives 
Definitions (as published by ISDA as at the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Covered Bonds of the relevant Series) as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or  
Pricing Supplement; or 
(ii) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on 
the agreed screen page of a commercial 
quotation service; or

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
(iii) 
on such other basis as may be agreed 
between 
the 
Issuer 
and 
the 
relevant 
Dealer(s), as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) for each Series of Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds. 
Other provisions in relation to Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds: 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds may also have a 
maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate or 
both (as specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement). 
Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds in respect of 
each Interest Period, as agreed prior to issue by the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), will be payable on 
such Interest Payment Dates and will be calculated on 
the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds: 
Covered Bonds may provide that no interest is payable 
(“Zero Coupon Covered Bonds”). Zero Coupon 
Covered Bonds will be offered and sold at a discount 
to their nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Redemption: 
The relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement will 
indicate the scheduled maturity date of such Covered 
Bonds (the “Maturity Date”) and will also indicate 
whether such Covered Bonds can be redeemed prior to 
their stated maturity for taxation reasons or whether 
such Covered Bonds will be redeemable at the option 
of the Issuer (“Call Option”) and/or at the option of 
the Covered Bondholders (“Put Option”), in each 
case upon giving the applicable irrevocable notice (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement) to the Covered Bondholders or the 
Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified 
in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, at 
the maturity and at a price or prices and on such terms 
as are specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement. 
Statutory Extended Maturity: 
If Statutory Extended Maturity is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as 
applying to a Series of Covered Bonds and the Issuer 
has received approval from the FIN-FSA to extend the 
maturity of the relevant Covered Bonds (a “Statutory 
Maturity Extension Approval”), the maturity of the 
outstanding Covered Bonds and the date on which 
such Covered Bonds will be due and repayable for the 
purposes of the Terms and Conditions will be 
extended up to but no later than the relevant Statutory 
Extended Maturity Date, subject as otherwise 
provided for in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
Supplement.  
The granting by the FIN-FSA of a Statutory Maturity 
Extension Approval is subject to any relevant 
conditions and requirements prescribed by the 
Covered Bonds Act from time to time. See “Overview 
of Finnish Legislation relating to Covered Bonds - 
Extended Maturity” for a summary of the current 
conditions and requirements for any such extension. 
Subject to any conditions or requirements prescribed 
by the Covered Bonds Act from time to time, in the 
event that the maturity is extended, the Issuer may 
redeem all or any part of the principal amount 
outstanding of the Covered Bonds on any Interest 
Payment Date falling after the relevant Maturity Date 
up to and including the relevant Statutory Extended 
Maturity Date or as otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
As regards interest on Covered Bonds to which 
Statutory Extended Maturity so applies, if the maturity 
of those Covered Bonds is extended beyond the 
Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 7.9 
(Extension of Maturity Date), subject to any 
conditions or requirements prescribed by the Covered 
Bonds Act from time to time, the Covered Bonds will 
bear interest on the principal amount outstanding of 
the Covered Bonds from (and including) the relevant 
Maturity Date to (but excluding) the relevant Statutory 
Extended Maturity Date or, if the Covered Bonds are 
redeemed prior to the relevant Statutory Extended 
Maturity Date, the Interest Payment Date on which 
they are redeemed, based on a floating rate calculated 
with reference to EURIBOR or its equivalent 
depending on the currency of the relevant Covered 
Bonds and will be payable in respect of the Interest 
Period ending immediately prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date in arrear or as otherwise 
provided for in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement on each Interest Payment Date after the 
relevant Maturity Date at the rate specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
In the case of Covered Bonds which are Zero Coupon 
Covered Bonds up to (and including) the Maturity 
Date and for which Statutory Extended Maturity 
applies, the initial outstanding principal amount on the 
relevant Maturity Date for the above purposes will be 
the total amount otherwise payable by the Issuer but 
unpaid on the relevant Covered Bonds on the Maturity 
Date. 
Denominations: 
Covered Bonds will be issued in such denominations 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) and as specified in the relevant Final Terms

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
or Pricing Supplement save that the minimum 
denomination of each Covered Bond admitted to 
trading on a regulated market in the European 
Economic Area for the purposes of MiFID II or 
offered to the public in a Member State or in the 
United Kingdom in circumstances which require the 
publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation or Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
Prospectus Regulation”), as applicable will be EUR 
100,000 (or, if the Covered Bonds are denominated in 
a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in 
such currency at the time of issue) or such other 
amount as may be allowed or required from time to 
time by the relevant regulatory authority or any laws 
or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified 
Currency.  
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Covered Bonds will be 
made without deduction for or on account of 
withholding taxes imposed within Finland, subject as 
provided in Condition 8 (Taxation). 
Negative Pledge: 
The Covered Bonds will not contain a negative pledge 
provision. 
Cross Default and other Events of Default: 
The Covered Bonds will not contain a cross-default 
provision or any other events of default entitling 
Covered 
Bondholders 
to 
demand 
immediate 
redemption. 
Listing and Admission to Trading: 
Each Series may be listed on Euronext Dublin and/or 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
other listing authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s) and specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement or may be issued 
on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system.  
Governing Law: 
The 
Covered 
Bonds 
and 
any 
non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with them 
will be governed by, and construed in accordance 
with, English law except for Condition 4 (Status of the 
Covered Bonds), which will be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, Finnish law. In the case 
of registration of the Covered Bonds in VP and 
Euroclear Finland, these shall be governed by Danish 
and Finnish laws and regulations, respectively. 
VP Systems Covered Bonds must comply with the 
relevant regulations of VP or Euroclear Finland (as the 
case may be) and the holders of VP Systems Covered 
Bonds will be entitled to the rights and are subject to 
the obligations and liabilities which arise under the

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
relevant Danish or Finnish regulations and legislation. 
Ratings: 
The Programme and/or each Covered Bond issue has 
been or may be rated by at least one of the following 
rating agencies: S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
(“S&P”), Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch”), 
Scope Ratings GmbH (“Scope”), Moody’s Investors 
Service (Nordics) AB (“Moody’s”) and Nordic Credit 
Rating AS (“NCR”). 
 
Each of S&P, Scope, Moody’s and NCR is established 
in the European Union and is registered under the 
CRA Regulation and is included in the list of credit 
rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation as of the date of this Base Prospectus. This 
list 
is 
available 
on 
the 
ESMA 
website 
at 
www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-
certified-CRAs (list last updated on 24 March 2022).  
Fitch is not established in the European Union and has 
not applied for registration under the CRA Regulation. 
 
Tranches of Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Series 
of Covered Bonds is expected to be rated, such 
expected rating will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement.  
 
Up-to-date information should always be sought by 
direct reference to the rating agency. 
 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to revision, suspension 
or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency. In addition, there is no guarantee that any 
rating of the Programme and/or any Series of Covered 
Bonds assigned by the rating agency will be 
maintained by the Issuer following the date of this 
Base Prospectus and the Issuer may seek to obtain 
ratings of the Programme and/or any Series of 
Covered Bonds from other rating agencies. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are selling restrictions on the offer, sale and 
transfer of the Covered Bonds in the United States, the 
European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, 
Finland, Denmark and Japan and such other 
restrictions as may be required in connection with the 
offering and sale of a particular Tranche of Covered 
Bonds. See “Subscription and Sale”. 
For United States securities law only, the Issuer is a 
Category 2 issuer under Regulation S. Bearer Covered 
Bonds will be issued in compliance with U.S. 
Treasury Regulations §1.163-5 (c) (2) (i) (D) (or any 
successor United States Treasury regulation section, 
including without limitation, successor regulations 
issued in accordance with Internal Revenue Service

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the 
United 
States 
Hiring 
Incentives 
to 
Restore 
Employment Act of 2010) (the “D Rules”) or 1.163-5 
(c) (2) (i) (C) (or any successor United States Treasury 
regulation section, including without limitation, 
successor regulations issued in accordance with 
Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise 
in connection with the United States Hiring Incentives 
to Restore Employment Act of 2010) (the “C Rules”), 
unless the Bearer Covered Bonds are issued in 
circumstances in which the Bearer Covered Bonds 
will not constitute “Registration required obligations” 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which 
circumstances will be referred to in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement as a transaction to which 
TEFRA is not applicable. 
Exempt Covered Bonds: 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Exempt 
Covered Bonds may be issued in a form not 
contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds and this General Description of the 
Programme, in which event the relevant provisions 
will be included in the relevant Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Prospective investors should read the entire Base Prospectus and reach their own views prior to 
making any investment decision. 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not 
occur. 
Factors which the Issuer believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks 
associated with Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the material risks inherent in investing in 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, but the Issuer may be unable to pay interest, principal or other 
amounts on or in connection with any Covered Bonds for other reasons which may not be considered significant 
risks by the Issuer based on information currently available to it and which it may not currently be able to 
anticipate.  
The risks outlined below do not consider an investor’s specific knowledge and/or understanding about 
risks typically associated with the Issuer and the acquisition and ownership of Covered Bonds, whether 
obtained through experience, training or otherwise, or the lack of such specific knowledge and/or 
understanding, or circumstances that may apply to a particular investor. 
Words and expressions defined in the “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” below or 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this section, unless otherwise stated. 
Factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme  
Risks relating to the mortgage loan business and the relevant real estate market and economy 
The location of the mortgaged properties is concentrated in Finland 
Residential properties securing the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are located only in 
Finland. Such residential properties may be concentrated in certain locations such as densely populated and 
highly industrialised areas and any deterioration in prices in the residential real estate markets and any 
deterioration in the economic conditions in such areas may adversely affect the ability of the borrowers to make 
payments on the loans. The concentration of loans secured by residential properties in such areas may, therefore, 
result in a greater risk of non-payment than if such concentration had not been present. 
To the extent that specific geographic regions have experienced or may experience in the future 
regional economic conditions and residential real estate markets that are weaker than other regions, a 
concentration of loans in such a region may increase the risk to the mortgage loans described herein. 
Moreover, such factors may have an impact on the value of the properties. If the residential real estate 
markets in Finland experience an overall decline in property values, the value of the relevant pool of assets 
maintained by the Issuer could be significantly reduced and, may ultimately, result in losses to Issuer and 
ultimately to the covered bond holders.  
Economic conditions in Finland could have an adverse effect 
As the assets which make up the Issuer Cover Pool include loans secured by mortgages located in 
Finland, the values of the assets and the ability of the Issuer to continue to make timely payments on the relevant 
Covered Bonds could be adversely affected by, among other things, adverse economic developments in Finland. 
See “The Issuer and the Group may be affected by general economic and geopolitical conditions in the 
countries in which it operates” and “COVID-19 outbreak could continue to have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, results of operations and financial position” for further detail.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
Business risk factors could result in an adverse effect 
There are many circumstances that affect the level of credit losses, early repayments, withdrawals and 
final payments of interest and principal amounts, such as changes in the economic climate, both nationally and 
internationally, and changes regarding taxation, interest rate developments, level of unemployment, inflation 
and/or the political environment. Borrowers may default as a result of interest rate increases or as a result of 
adverse developments in their own personal circumstances (for example, in respect of residential mortgages 
following redundancy or divorce and in respect of commercial mortgages, following insolvency of the borrower 
and/or insolvency of the tenant of the relevant commercial property and/or failure (for any reason) by such 
tenant to make rental payments in respect of such commercial property). 
Default in respect of the assets comprised in the Issuer Cover Pool could jeopardise the Issuer’s ability 
to make payments in full or on a timely basis on the relevant Covered Bonds. Risks attaching to the relevant 
Covered Bonds as a result of default in respect of the assets in the Issuer Cover Pool are reduced by a number of 
features of the Covered Bonds, including the ability of the Issuer to substitute assets to and from the Issuer 
Cover Pool. However, if a material amount of assets in the Issuer Cover Pool were to default, there is no 
guarantee that the required level of assets within the Issuer Cover Pool could be maintained or that the Issuer 
would be in a position to substitute non-defaulting assets for the defaulting assets. 
Risks relating to the Issuer 
The Issuer is exposed to credit risk 
 
Adverse changes in the credit quality of the Issuer’s borrowers and counterparties could affect the 
recoverability and value of its assets and require an increase in the Issuer’s provisions for bad and doubtful debts 
and other provisions which in turn may have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial condition 
and/or results of operations. Should there be a general downturn in the value of property in Finland, it may result 
in a deterioration of credit quality and the recoverability of mortgage loans of the Issuer. House prices may be 
negatively affected should, for example, interest rates or the unemployment level rise quickly. Should any such 
event occur, this may have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial condition and/or results of 
operations. 
The Issuer is dependent upon other Group companies, their business and the brand value of the Group 
 
The Issuer currently acquires mortgage loans from Danske Bank A/S, Finland Branch, but may in the 
future also acquire mortgage loans from other Group companies. Accordingly, the Issuer is dependent on the 
business of Danske Bank A/S, Finland Branch, and other Group companies to originate loans to be acquired by 
the Issuer. The Issuer will therefore be affected by general economic and business conditions which may affect 
not only the Issuer but also Danske Bank A/S, Finland Branch, and the other Group companies.  
 
In addition, and as discussed in the section “Description of the Issuer” and, in particular, the sub-
sections “Dependency on the Parent” and “Outsourcing Agreement” certain Group companies shall perform 
certain services on behalf of the Issuer which are essential for the Issuer in order to carry out its business. The 
Issuer also uses, and is heavily dependent on, the established “Danske” brand in its covered bond issuances and 
relies on the positive perception by investors of the brand. The Issuer will thus be dependent on certain Group 
companies in order to succeed in its business. 
Should there be any disruptions and/or negative impact to any Group companies and/or should the 
brand value of the Group substantially deteriorate as a result of the events outlined above or otherwise, this may 
have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations.  
In addition, reference is made to section “The Group operates in a legal and regulatory environment 
that exposes it to potentially significant litigation and regulatory risks”.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
The Issuer is exposed to liquidity risk 
 
The Issuer funds itself from the covered bond markets and complementary financing from the Group. 
The inability of the Issuer to anticipate and provide for unforeseen decreases or changes in funding sources 
could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s ability to meet its payment obligations when they fall due and could 
result in an investor not being paid in a timely manner. Furthermore, if the Issuer’s inability to meet its payment 
obligations when they fall due is not temporary, it could mean that the Issuer might be considered as insolvent. 
The Issuer is subject to liquidity requirements in its capacity as a credit institution, supervised by the Finnish 
Financial Supervisory Authority (“FIN-FSA”), including a statutory requirement to maintain sufficient liquidity 
to be able to discharge its obligations as they fall due. Serious or systematic deviations from such regulations 
may lead to the FIN-FSA determining that the Issuer’s business does not satisfy the statutory soundness 
requirement for credit institutions and could result in the FIN-FSA imposing sanctions against the Issuer.  
The Issuer’s funding costs and its access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on its credit ratings 
 
Any downgrade of the credit rating of the Parent or any downgrade of the credit ratings of the Issuer’s 
Covered Bonds could, in each case, increase the Issuer’s borrowing costs, adversely affect the liquidity position 
of the Issuer, limit the Issuer’s access to the capital markets, undermine confidence in (and the competitive 
position of) the Issuer, trigger obligations under certain bilateral terms in some of the Issuer’s trading and 
collateralised financing contracts (including requiring the provision of additional collateral) and/or limit the 
range of counterparties willing to enter into transactions with the Issuer. Any of the events above could have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations.  
The Issuer is exposed to market risk 
The Issuer may borrow in multiple currencies. Almost all foreign exchange risk derived from that 
position is intended to be eliminated by using hedging instruments. The Issuer’s business also contains interest 
rate risk, primarily due to differences between the terms of the interest periods for funding and for lending. Such 
interest rate risk is mitigated by using hedging instruments and by the Issuer aiming to match interest payments 
and maturity dates in its funding and lending operations. The Issuer is dependent on a liquid hedging market to 
mitigate its foreign exchange and interest rate risks. There are no assurances that the Issuer will be successful in 
hedging all of its foreign exchange and interest rate risks. The Issuer has a liquidity buffer bond portfolio and 
may have supplementary collateral, which both have market risk. 
Failure to control these risks could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s financial performance and 
reputation. 
The Issuer is exposed to operational risk 
 
The Issuer’s business is dependent on the ability to process a very large number of transactions 
efficiently and accurately. Operational risk and losses can result from fraud or other external or internal crime, 
errors by employees or service providers, failure to document transactions properly or to obtain proper internal 
authorisation, failure to comply with regulatory requirements and conduct of business rules, equipment failures, 
natural disasters or the failure of internal or external systems, for example, those of the Issuer’s suppliers or 
counterparties. Any material disruptions in relation to any operational factors as set out above may have an 
adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations.  
The Issuer is exposed to systemic risk 
 
Due to the high level of interdependence between financial institutions, the Issuer is subject to the risk 
of deterioration of the actual or perceived commercial and financial soundness of other financial institutions. 
Thus a default or financial difficulties of one financial institution may have negative consequences for other 
financial institutions and may lead to liquidity problems, losses, defaults or worsening of general economic

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
climate in the markets in which the Issuer operates, and this may have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, 
financial condition and/or results of operations.  
Regulatory changes could materially affect the Issuer’s business 
The Issuer is subject to financial services laws, regulations, administrative actions and policies. 
Changes in supervision and regulation could materially affect the Issuer’s business, the products and services 
offered or the value of each of their assets. Although the Issuer and the Group work closely with their regulators 
and continually monitor the situation, future changes in regulation, fiscal or other policies can be unpredictable 
and are beyond the control of the Issuer.  
Various aspects of banking regulations are still under debate internationally, including inter alia, 
proposals to review standardised and internally modelled approaches for capital requirements for credit, market 
and operational risk (together with a proposed capital floor based on the revised standardised approaches for 
financial institutions using internal models) as well as proposals to increase a financial institution’s ability to 
absorb losses in a situation where it is deemed no longer viable.  
During the course of 2020, FIN-FSA decided to discontinue the use of the two macro prudential 
decisions made earlier.  The Board of the FIN-FSA has set a minimum risk weight level, which is 15 per cent. 
for residential mortgage loans applicable to credit institutions that have adopted the Internal Ratings Based 
Approach for the calculation of capital requirements. The 15 per cent. floor applied from 1 January 2018 for an 
initial period of two years. On 28 June 2019, the FIN-FSA decided to extend the application of the 15 per cent. 
floor until the end of 2020. On 30 September 2020, the FIN-FSA Board did not however consider it necessary to 
extend the validity of the risk weight floor, and the risk weight floor requirement expired on 1 January 2021. 
Even though the Issuer’s capital ratio has remained above the minimum requirements for this entire period, 
removal of the floor improved the Issuer’s capital ratio in 2021. During 2022, the FIN-FSA has not altered the 
macro prudential decisions made earlier. 
On 6 April 2020, the FIN-FSA decided to remove a systemic risk buffer and the structural additional 
capital requirement of 1.0 per cent. imposed on credit institutions from 1 July 2019 onwards. The decision 
entered into force immediately. The aim of the decision was to mitigate the negative effects of the pandemic 
cause by a novel strain of the coronavirus (“COVID-19”) on the stability of financial markets and on credit 
institutions’ ability to finance the economy. Currently, the FIN-FSA has not set a systemic risk buffer which is 
determined on the basis of the structural characteristics of the financial system. 
The Issuer is subject to risks as a result of implementation of the European Banking and Capital 
Markets Union. 
Risks relating to the Group 
The Group is exposed to a variety of risks, the most significant of which are credit risk, market risk, liquidity, 
funding and capital risk, insurance and pension risk and non-financial risk. Non-financial risk consists of model 
risk, operational risk, technology and data risk, financial crime risk, regulatory compliance risk and financial 
control and strategic risk 
The Group is exposed to a number of risks and manages them at different organisational levels. The 
principal risk categories are as follows: 
 
Credit risk: The risk of losses because debtors fail to meet all or part of their payment obligations 
to the Group. Credit risk includes counterparty credit risk. 
 
Market risk: The risk of losses or gains caused by changes in the market values of the Group’s 
financial assets, liabilities and off-balance-sheet items resulting from changes in market prices or 
rates.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
 
Liquidity, funding and capital risk: The risk that the Group has to issue liabilities or own funds at 
excessive costs, is unable to pursue its business strategy due to balance sheet requirements and 
restrictions, or the Group ultimately cannot fulfil its payment obligations due to lack of funds. 
 
Insurance and pension risk: The Group’s insurance and pension risk consists of the risks 
originating from its ownership of Danica Pension. This includes market risk, life insurance risk 
and operational risk.  
 
Non-financial risk: The risk of financial losses or gains, regulatory impact, reputational impact or 
customer impact resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes or from people, systems or 
external events, including legal and compliance risks. 
Failure to control these risks could result in adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance and 
reputation and, consequently, have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s financial performance and reputation. 
The Group operates in a legal and regulatory environment that exposes it to potentially significant litigation 
and regulatory risks 
The Group and the Issuer may become involved in various disputes and legal proceedings in different 
jurisdictions, including litigation and regulatory investigations. The Group’s banking and other operations, 
including its insurance operations, like those of other financial services companies, have been the subject of 
regulatory scrutiny from time to time. For example, the Group and the Issuer are subject to applicable anti-
money laundering and terrorist financing laws. The supervisory authorities conduct on-going inspections from 
time to time of the Group’s compliance with anti-money laundering (“AML”) legislation, sanctions, and 
terrorist financing laws, which can potentially lead to supervisory actions. 
The Group is also subject to various laws and regulations relating to financial and trade sanctions in the 
jurisdictions in which it operates, including but not limited to those of the Nordic countries, the EU and the 
United States. These laws and regulations require the Group, amongst other things, to adopt and enforce “know-
your- customer” policies and procedures and in some countries to report specific transactions to the relevant 
regulatory authorities. In connection with such voluntary reporting by the Group or its correspondent banks, or 
otherwise as part of the Group’s dialogue with such regulatory authorities, the Group from time to time shares 
information with them pertaining to certain customer payments that may have been made illegally or for 
improper purposes using the Group’s banking network. Although the Group has adopted policies and procedures 
aimed at detecting and preventing the use of its banking network for illegal or improper purposes, such policies 
and procedures are not always effective in detecting and preventing such transactions, and the Group is 
continuously seeking to enhance its procedures. Failure by the Group to comply with financial and trade 
sanctions may result in regulatory investigations, fines and other penalties on the Group, and its business and 
reputation could suffer if customers use its banking network for such illegal or improper purposes. 
Disputes and legal proceedings generally are subject to many uncertainties, and their outcomes are 
often difficult to predict, particularly in the earlier stages of a case or investigation. Adverse regulatory action or 
adverse judgments in litigation could result in reputational harm, fines or restrictions or limitations on the 
Group’s operations, any of which could result in a material adverse effect on the Group’s financial condition. 
The timing of completion of the investigations by, and subsequent discussions with, the authorities is uncertain, 
as is the outcome. Further information on specific legal proceedings and developments are included in the 
section “Legal and Regulatory Proceedings” on page 107 of the Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer and the Group face a possible increase in own funds requirements due to the finalisation of the Basel 
III framework 
In December 2017, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the “BCBS”) published the 
finalisation of the Basel III framework, which included (i) the standardised approach for credit risk, (ii) internal 
ratings-based approach for credit risk, (iii) minimum capital requirements for credit valuation adjustment risk, 
(iv) minimum capital requirements for operational risk, (v) output floor and (vi) leverage ratio. In addition, the

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
BCBS published the revised minimum capital requirements for market risk in January 2019. The above-
described two publications of the BCBS are collectively referred to as the “Finalisation of the Basel III 
Framework”. 
As part of the European Union’s banking package of 2021, and in order to implement the Finalisation 
of the Basel III Framework, the European Commission adopted, in October 2021, a proposal to amend 
Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 (the “CRR III Proposal”) and a proposal to amend Directive 2013/36/EU (the 
“CRD VI Proposal”). The CRR III Proposal and CRD VI Proposal include several European Union-specific 
deviations from the Finalisation of the Basel III Framework. The outcome of the future legislative negotiations, 
regarding the CRR III Proposal and CRD VI Proposal, is uncertain and may result in expansions of, or 
limitations on, the European Union-specific deviations from the Finalisation of the Basel III Framework. As 
long as the CRR III Proposal and CRD VI Proposal have not been finally adopted as European Union law, the 
Issuer cannot determine their precise effects on both its own financial performance or the impact on the pricing 
of its Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. Prospective investors of the Covered Bonds should consult 
their own advisors as to the consequences of any implementation of the Finalisation of the Basel III Framework. 
The European Union has adopted a bank recovery and resolution directive which is intended to enable a range 
of actions to be taken in relation to credit institutions and investment firms considered to be at risk of failing. 
Should the Group enter into resolution this could, in certain limited circumstances, ultimately entail the bail-in 
of any Covered Bonds 
The European Union-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms (Directive 2014/59/EU) (the “BRRD”) and its national implementation ultimately implies the 
risk of bail-in of the Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer if the Issuer or the Group were to enter into resolution, 
and the relevant resolution authority chose to apply the bail-in tool.  
Holders of the Covered Bonds may be subject to write-down or conversion into equity on any 
application of the general bail-in tool as described above, which may result in Covered Bondholders losing some 
or all of their investment (although, in relation to the Covered Bonds, such losses shall be limited to claims that 
are not met out of the assets comprising the Cover Asset Pool). The exercise of any power under the BRRD or 
any suggestion of such exercise could, therefore, materially adversely affect the rights of Covered Bondholders, 
the price or value of their investment in any relevant Covered Bonds and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its 
obligations under any relevant Covered Bonds. Prospective investors in Covered Bonds should consult their 
own advisors as to the consequences of the implementation of the BRRD. 
The Issuer and the Group may be affected by general economic and geopolitical conditions in the countries in 
which it operates 
The financial services industry generally prospers in conditions of economic growth, stable geopolitical 
conditions, capital markets that are transparent, liquid and buoyant, and positive investor sentiment. Each of the 
Group’s operating segments is affected by general economic and geopolitical conditions, which can cause the 
Group’s results of operations and financial position to fluctuate from year to year as well as on a long-term 
basis.  
 
In the past decade, the Finnish economy has seen periods of very weak performance in the aftermath of 
the financial crisis, a recovery phase including a boom in construction in 2016-2018 and a slowdown just before 
the COVID-19 crisis. The COVID-19 crisis pushed the economy into a deep recession in 2020. However, 
Finland suffered less economic damage from the COVID-19 crisis than many other countries and the housing 
market activity slowed down only temporarily. The service sector was hit by an unprecedented shock caused by 
COVID-19 and related lockdown measures, while retail trade, manufacturing and construction operated fairly 
normally. Although the Finnish economy was recovering from the COVID-19 crisis, rises in energy prices 
pushed inflation higher and Russia’s invasion of Ukraine increased geopolitical uncertainty. High inflation has 
forced the European Central Bank to hike interest rates. Going forward, exports and investment face headwinds 
from global slowdown. Consumer finances suffer from high inflation and rising interest rates.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
           During the COVID-19 crisis, household income was reduced by lay-offs and unemployment. The savings 
rate went up, largely due to reduced consumption of services like travel and accommodation. Consequently, 
household finances and private consumption remained reasonably strong on average. In Finland, the economic 
recovery from the COVID-19 crisis was relatively fast and employment exceeded its pre-COVID-19 peak by 
more than one percentage point. In 2022, higher energy prices, bottlenecks in global supply chains, the Russian 
invasion of Ukraine and rising interest rates have contributed to a weakened economic outlook. Consequently, 
the risk of both a global and local recession has grown (although, in Finland, labour shortages have helped to 
maintain stable employment and household debt-service ability). However, any sustained decline in the general 
economic conditions of Finland may have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial condition and/or 
results of operations.  
          Globally, there has been a weakening of productivity growth following the financial crisis and this, 
combined with population ageing affects in the Nordic countries, raises the prospect that overall growth in 
production and income will be modest going forward. Financial markets have been characterised by periods of 
large price movements, and markets are very dependent on central bank policies. A period of low interest rates 
and central bank bond purchases has shifted into a fight against high inflation pushing interest rates higher.  The 
future course of these policies is an important source of uncertainty. Should the global uncertainty continue, 
there is a risk that this will have a material adverse effect on the Group’s and the Issuer’s business, financial 
condition and/or results of operations. 
As Nordic countries are small, open economies, they are sensitive to disruptions in the global economy 
or the free flow of goods and services. Changing central bank monetary policy and exceptionally low interest 
rates have had, and continue to have, an impact on the Group’s net interest income. Adverse economic 
developments have affected and will continue to affect the Group’s business in a number of ways, including, 
among others, the income, wealth, liquidity, business and/or financial condition of the Group’s customers, 
particularly its small- and medium-sized enterprise (“SME”) customers, which, in turn, could further reduce the 
Group’s credit quality (resulting in increased impairment charges) and demand for the Group’s financial 
products and services.  
Further, Finland shares a 1340 km long border with Russia. Although Finland and Russia have had 
relatively good relations in the recent past, Russia’s invasion into Ukraine increased geopolitical tensions, gave 
rise to sanctions and boycotts in trade, and motivated Finland to seek a membership in NATO. It is unlikely that 
Russia would aim direct military threat to Finland, but Russia could use hybrid attacks that would cause 
disruptions in the Finnish economy and finance sector. Political instability in Russia could change the risk 
landscape quickly. 
As a result, any or all of the conditions described above could continue to have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial position, and measures implemented by the 
Group might not be satisfactory to reduce any credit, market and liquidity risks.  
 Disruptions and volatility in the global financial markets may adversely impact the Group 
The outlook for increasing interest rates in the United States and elsewhere has caused market volatility 
in 2022 and will likely continue to do so. The market conditions have also been, and are likely to continue to be, 
affected by concerns over increased geopolitical tensions, including those related to Russia’s invasion of 
Ukraine (and the related sanctions imposed by the United States, the EU, the U.K., Canada, Japan and Australia, 
among others), the Middle East, the Korean peninsula and around Taiwan and the ongoing effects of the 
COVID-19 pandemic. The global economy has been and is expected to continue to be adversely affected to a 
significant extent by COVID-19 and related counter-measures (as described below in “COVID-19 outbreak 
could continue to have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial 
position”). 
COVID-19 outbreak could continue to have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results 
of operations and financial position 
COVID-19, identified in China in late 2019, has spread throughout the world. On 11 March 2020, the 
World Health Organization confirmed that its spread and severity had escalated to the point of pandemic. The

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
outbreak of COVID-19 has resulted in authorities, including those in the Nordic countries, implementing 
numerous measures to try to contain the virus, such as travel bans and restrictions, curfews, lockdowns, 
quarantines and shutdowns of business and workplaces, and has led to materially increased volatility and 
declines in financial markets and significant worsening of the macroeconomic situation. Most restrictions have 
been lifted in the OECD countries during first half of 2022, but China continues to implement tight lockdown 
measures. The future of such restrictions is highly uncertain, but the epidemic could be prolonged, and stricter 
measures may again be put in place. 
The spread of COVID-19 has led the Group to modify its operational practices, and it may take further 
actions required by authorities or that it determines are in the best interests of its employees, customers and 
other stakeholders. There is no certainty that such measures will be sufficient to mitigate the risks posed by 
COVID- 19, and the implementation of such measures (or their insufficiency) could harm the Group’s ability to 
perform some of its critical functions and serve its customers. The pandemic and related counter-measures have 
affected and continue to affect some of the Group’s customers adversely, which in some cases may be material, 
which could in turn have an adverse impact on the Group (for example, through deteriorations in credit quality 
and higher impairments). In the jurisdictions in which the Group operates, schemes have been initiated by both 
the Group and national governments to provide financial support to parts of the economy most impacted by the 
COVID-19 outbreak. The details of how these schemes will operate, the impact on the Group’s customers and, 
therefore, the impact on the Group remain uncertain at this stage. 
The ability of the Group’s customers to serve their contractual obligations, including to the Group, may 
also be materially adversely affected. The degree to which COVID-19 impacts the Group’s results of operations, 
liquidity, access to funding and financial position will depend on future developments, which, as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. These developments may include, but are not 
limited to, the duration and spread of COVID-19, its severity, actions taken to contain the virus or treat its 
impact, the extent and effectiveness of economic stimulus taken to contain the virus or treat its impact and how 
quickly and to what extent normal economic and business activity can resume. 
The factors described above could, together or individually, have a material adverse effect on the 
business, results of operations, financial position and liquidity of the Group. 
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market and other risks associated with 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme 
Risks related to the structure of the Covered Bonds (including risks relating to a particular issue) 
A wide range of Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Covered 
Bonds may have features which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of 
the most common such features: 
Covered Bonds are obligations of the Issuer only 
The Covered Bonds will constitute obligations of the Issuer which have the benefit of a statutory 
preference under the Covered Bonds Act. An investment in the Covered Bonds involves a reliance on the assets 
of the Issuer Cover Pool and the creditworthiness of the Issuer. The Covered Bonds are not guaranteed by any 
member of the Group or by any other person. In addition, an investment in the Covered Bonds involves the risk 
that subsequent changes in the actual or perceived creditworthiness of the Issuer may adversely affect the 
market value of the relevant Covered Bonds.  
Overcollateralisation and ratings 
Any rating(s) of Covered Bonds are based on an assumption of overcollateralisation. If a certain level 
of overcollateralisation is not maintained; the rating of the relevant Covered Bonds may change from time to 
time which may adversely affect the value of the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
The Issuer may be reliant on payments from swap providers in certain circumstances 
The Issuer may enter into derivative contracts with hedge counterparties to hedge interest rate risk, 
foreign exchange risk, liquidity risk or other risks. If a hedge counterparty defaults in its obligation to make 
payments under a derivative contract, the Issuer will be exposed to changes in interest rates, currency exchange 
rates, liquidity concerns or other risks (as applicable). Unless a replacement derivative contract is entered into, 
the Issuer may have insufficient funds to make payments due on the Covered Bonds. Pursuant to the Covered 
Bonds Act, such derivate contracts shall stay in force in case of bankruptcy, liquidation or bank resolution of the 
Issuer. See “There are risks relating to compliance with, and breaches of, total cover pool value under the 
Covered Bonds Act” below. 
There are risks relating to assets contained in the Issuer Cover Pool 
As follows from the section “Overview of Finnish Legislation relating to Covered Bonds” the Issuer 
may hold liquidity mortgage loans, public sector loans and supplementary collateral (each as defined in 
“Overview of Finnish Legislation relating to Covered Bonds”) in the Issuer Cover Pool. The Issuer currently 
only accepts or acquires collateral that is located or incorporated in Finland but it is possible that, at some point 
in the future, the Issuer will occasionally accept or acquire collateral that is located or incorporated in other EEA 
countries. To the extent that these other assets are located in jurisdictions other than Finland, such assets may be 
subject to country specific regulations and credit risk different from what is outlined in this Base Prospectus. 
Should the value of the supplementary collateral, mortgage loans or the public sector loans decrease, this may 
adversely affect the value of the Issuer Cover Pool which in turn may have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
There are risks relating to compliance with, and breaches of, total cover pool value under the Covered Bonds 
Act  
 
The Covered Bonds Act contains total cover pool value rules which, among other things, require that 
the total value of the cover pool shall continuously exceed the value of payment obligations incurred from the 
covered bonds (overcollateralisation). The value of the overcollateralisation shall constantly be at least two per 
cent. If the requirements laid down in Article 129(3)(a)(3) of the Capital Requirements Regulation (EU) No 
575/2013 are not fulfilled, the overcollateralisation value shall be at minimum five per cent. In order to comply 
with these requirements, the Issuer may enter into derivative contracts. The present value of the derivative 
contracts shall be included when determining whether the present value of the Cover Pool exceeds the present 
value of the liabilities relating to Covered Bonds. 
 
The Issuer is dependent on the availability of derivative counterparties with sufficient credit rating and 
also on such counterparties fulfilling their contractual obligations. See the section “Overview of Finnish 
Legislation relating to Covered Bonds” and its sub-section “Requirements for total cover pool value” for further 
details. 
A breach of the total cover pool value prior to the Issuer’s liquidation or bankruptcy in the 
circumstances where no additional assets are available to the Issuer or the Issuer lacks the ability to acquire 
additional assets could result in the Issuer being unable to issue further Covered Bonds. If, following the 
Issuer’s liquidation or bankruptcy, the Issuer Cover Pool ceases to meet the requirements of the Covered Bonds 
Act (including the total cover pool value), and the deviations are not just temporary and minor, the Issuer Cover 
Pool may no longer be maintained as a unit and the payment under Covered Bonds and derivative contracts 
could cease.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
Covered Bondholders would in such case instead benefit from a priority right in the proceeds of a sale 
of the assets in the Issuer Cover Pool in accordance with general bankruptcy rules. This could result in Covered 
Bondholders receiving payment according to a schedule that is different from that contemplated by the Terms 
and Conditions (with accelerations as well as delays) or that Covered Bondholders are not paid in full. See 
“Overview of Finnish Legislation Relating to Covered Bonds – Preferential right in the event of liquidation or 
bankruptcy” for further details. 
Liquidity following bankruptcy 
In the event of the Issuer’s bankruptcy, neither the Issuer nor its bankruptcy estate would be likely to 
have the ability to issue further Covered Bonds. Whilst there can be no assurance as to the actual ability of the 
bankruptcy estate to raise post-bankruptcy liquidity in other ways, the Covered Bonds Act gives the bankruptcy 
administrator an explicit and broad mandate to, with the consent of the representative, enter into agreements 
securing solvency and to take a bankruptcy liquidity loan on behalf of the bankruptcy estate. The bankruptcy 
administrator may also raise liquidity by selling assets in the Issuer Cover Pool in the market for example. If the 
bankruptcy estate is not able to raise sufficient liquidity, this could result in an investor not being paid in a 
timely manner and/or that the Issuer Cover Pool ceases to meet the total cover pool value under the Covered 
Bonds Act. See “Overview of Finnish Legislation Relating to Covered Bonds – Preferential right in the event of 
liquidation or bankruptcy” for further details. 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Covered Bonds at its option, this may limit the market value of the 
Covered Bonds concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner 
which achieves a similar effective return  
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Covered Bonds. During any period 
when the Issuer may elect to redeem Covered Bonds, the market value of such Covered Bonds generally will not 
rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption 
period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Covered Bonds when its cost of borrowing is lower than the 
interest rate on the Covered Bonds. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Covered Bonds being 
redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate which would result in a lower interest 
return for the relevant investor. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time.  
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Covered Bonds linked to or 
referencing such “benchmarks”  
 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (such as, in the case of Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds, a Reference Rate), are the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and 
proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. 
These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have 
other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on 
any Covered Bonds linked to or referencing such a “benchmark”. The Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject 
to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark 
and the use of a benchmark within the European Union. It, among other things, (i) requires benchmark 
administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-European Union based, to be subject to an equivalent 
regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by European Union supervised 
entities of “benchmarks” of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-European Union 
based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
Benchmarks Regulation”) among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a 
benchmark in the United Kingdom. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the United Kingdom by United Kingdom 
supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the Financial Conduct Authority

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
(the “FCA”) or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-United Kingdom based, not deemed equivalent or 
recognised or endorsed). 
 
The Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable could have a 
material impact on any Covered Bonds linked to or referencing a “benchmark”, in particular, if the methodology 
or other terms of the “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks 
Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have 
the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the 
“relevant benchmark”. 
 
More broadly, any of the national or international reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny 
of “benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of 
a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the following 
effects on certain “benchmarks”: (i) discourage market participants from continuing to administer or contribute 
to the “benchmark”; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the “benchmark”; or (iii) lead to 
the disappearance of the “benchmark”. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result 
of national or international reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on 
the value of and return on any Covered Bonds linked to or referencing a “benchmark”.  
 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation reforms in making any investment decision with respect 
to any Covered Bonds linked to or referencing a “benchmark”.  
Future discontinuance of certain benchmark rates (for example, EURIBOR) may adversely affect the value of 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds which reference any such benchmark rate 
 
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and 
high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash 
products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among other things, that 
continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts without robust fallback provisions may increase the risk 
to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its 
recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
 
Investors should be aware that, if a benchmark rate were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate 
of interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds which reference such benchmark rate will be determined for the 
relevant period by the fall-back provisions applicable to such Covered Bonds. The Terms and Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark, such as 
EURIBOR, (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor service)) 
becomes unavailable. 
 
If the circumstances described in the preceding paragraph occur and Reference Rate Replacement is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as being applicable and Screen Rate Determination 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as the manner in which the rate of interest is to be 
determined (any such Covered Bonds, “Relevant Covered Bonds”), such fallback arrangements will include 
the possibility that: 
(A) 
the relevant rate of interest (or, as applicable, any component part thereof) could be set or, as the case 
may be, determined by reference to a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) determined by the Issuer (following consultation with an Independent Adviser (if 
applicable)); and 
(B) 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) may be adjusted (if 
required) by the Issuer (following consultation with an Independent Adviser (if applicable)) in order to 
reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
with the relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), 
in any such case, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as described more fully in the 
Terms and Conditions of the Relevant Covered Bonds. 
In addition, the Issuer (following consultation with an Independent Adviser (if applicable)) may also 
determine (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) that other amendments to the Terms 
and Conditions of the Covered Bonds are necessary in order to follow market practice in relation to the relevant 
successor rate or alternative rate (as applicable) and to ensure the proper operation of the relevant Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable). 
 
No consent of the Covered Bondholders shall be required in connection with effecting any 
relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) or any other related 
adjustments and/or amendments described above. 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, no Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate is determined, the ultimate fallback for determining the rate of interest for a particular Interest 
Period may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the 
effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Covered Bonds based on the rate which was last observed 
on the Relevant Screen Page for the purposes of determining the rate of interest in respect of an Interest Period. 
In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Reference Rates and Alternative 
Reference Rates, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such 
Covered Bonds. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence 
of any relevant rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds. Investors should note that, in the case of Relevant Covered Bonds, the Issuer 
(following consultation with an Independent Adviser (if applicable) will have discretion to adjust the relevant 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) in the circumstances described above. 
Any such adjustment could have unexpected commercial consequences and there can be no assurance that, due 
to the particular circumstances of each Covered Bondholder, any such adjustment will be favourable to each 
Covered Bondholder. 
 
Investors should consider all of these matters when making their investment decision with respect to 
the Floating Rate Covered Bonds. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds have certain risks 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds are Covered Bonds which bear interest at a rate that converts from 
a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, 
and any conversion of the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such 
Covered Bonds as the change of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Covered Bondholders. 
Where the Covered Bonds convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds tied to the same Reference Rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates 
on other Covered Bonds. Where the Covered Bonds convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate 
may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Covered Bonds and could adversely affect the market value of 
an investment in the relevant Covered Bonds. 
Covered Bonds issued at a substantial discount or premium have certain risks 
The value of any specific Series of Covered Bonds issued at a substantial discount or premium to their 
nominal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
conventional interest bearing securities. Usually, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the 
price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. Any such 
price volatility may have an adverse effect on the market value of any specific Series of Covered Bonds issued 
at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount. 
Extendable obligations under the Covered Bonds give rise to certain risks 
If Statutory Extended Maturity is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as 
applying to a Series of Covered Bonds and the Issuer has received a Statutory Maturity Extension Approval, the 
maturity of the outstanding Covered Bonds and the date on which such Covered Bonds will be due and 
repayable for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions will be extended up to but no later than the relevant 
Statutory Extended Maturity Date, subject as otherwise provided for in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement. 
The granting by the FIN-FSA of a Statutory Maturity Extension Approval is subject to any relevant 
conditions and requirements prescribed by the Covered Bonds Act from time to time. See “Overview of Finnish 
Legislation relating to Covered Bonds - Extended Maturity” for a summary of the current conditions and 
requirements for any such extension. 
Any extension of the maturity of the principal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds from the 
relevant Maturity Date to the relevant Statutory Extended Maturity Date will not result in any right of the 
Covered Bondholders to accelerate payments or take action against the Issuer, and no payment will be payable 
to the Covered Bondholders in that event other than as set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds as completed by the relevant Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Covered Bonds only) as completed 
and/or amended and/or replaced by the relevant Pricing Supplement. As a result of any such extension of the 
maturity of the principal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds from the relevant Maturity Date to the 
relevant Statutory Extended Maturity Date, the relevant investors may receive their principal back later than 
expected. 
In respect of any Covered Bonds issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a ‘Green Covered Bond’, there 
can be no assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor 
 
The relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement relating to any specific Series of Covered Bonds may 
provide that it will be the Issuer’s intention to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds from an offer of those 
Covered Bonds specifically for Green Loans (as defined in “Use of Proceeds” below) that promote climate-
friendly and other environmental purposes (including, inter alia, funding existing mortgages in the Issuer Cover 
Pool and/or to acquire mortgages in connection with such climate-friendly and environmental purposes and/or 
secured over energy efficient buildings (such mortgage loans, “Green Mortgage Loans”)) (Covered Bonds 
issued thereunder to be referred to as “Green Covered Bonds”). Prospective investors should note that Green 
Mortgage Loans may be included in the Issuer Cover Pool along with other mortgage loans and/or other assets 
that are not Green Mortgage Loans. Accordingly, prospective investors will have a claim against the entire 
Issuer Cover Pool and will not have a preferential claim on the Green Mortgage Loans ahead of investors in 
non-Green Covered Bonds. Prospective investors should have regard to the information in this Base Prospectus 
and/or the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for 
themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Green Covered Bonds 
together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. In particular no assurance is given by the 
Issuer or the Dealers that the use of such proceeds for any Green Loans will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, 
any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with 
which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law 
or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates (in particular 
with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the 
subject of or related to, the relevant Green Loans). Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no 
clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a 
“green” or “sustainable” or an equivalently-labelled loan or as to what precise attributes are required for a 
particular loan to be defined as “green” or “sustainable” or such other equivalent label nor can any assurance be

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
given that such a clear definition or consensus will develop over time. Accordingly, no assurance is or can be 
given to investors that any loans or uses the subject of, or related to, any Green Loans will meet any or all 
investor expectations regarding such “green”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled performance 
objectives or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the 
implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Green Loans. The Group has published a 
framework 
relating 
to 
Green 
Loans 
which 
is 
available 
on 
the 
Group’s 
website 
(www.danskebank.com/investorrelations/debt-investor-green-bonds) which may be amended or updated from 
time to time. The most recent version of the Group’s Green Finance Framework will be available on the Group’s 
website. For the avoidance of doubt, the Group’s Green Finance Framework is not, nor shall be deemed to be, 
incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of 
any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may or may not be 
made available in connection with the issue of any Green Covered Bonds and in particular with any Green 
Loans to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any 
such opinion or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base 
Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the 
Issuer, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Green Covered Bonds. Any such opinion or 
certification is only current as of the date that opinion was issued. Prospective investors must determine for 
themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the 
provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in such Green Covered Bonds. 
Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific oversight or 
regulatory or other regime. 
 
In the event that any such Green Covered Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated 
“green”, “environmental”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or 
securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Dealers or 
any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future 
investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor 
or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by 
its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any 
direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related 
to, any Green Loans. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to 
trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or 
assurance given or made by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that any such listing or admission to 
trading will be obtained in respect of any such Green Covered Bonds or, if obtained, that any such listing or 
admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Green Covered Bonds. 
 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Green 
Covered Bonds in, or substantially in, the manner described in this Base Prospectus and/or the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, there can be no assurance that the relevant loan(s) or use(s) which are the subject 
of, or related to, any Green Loans will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner 
and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally disbursed for 
the specified Green Loans. Nor can there be any assurance that such Green Loans will be completed within any 
specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally 
expected or anticipated by the Issuer. 
 
Any such event or failure to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any issue of Green Covered 
Bonds for any Green Loans, as aforesaid, will not constitute an event of default under the relevant Green 
Covered Bonds. The withdrawal of any opinion or certification as described above, or any such opinion or 
certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such 
opinion or certification is opining or certifying on, and/or any such Green Covered Bonds no longer being listed 
or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market, as aforesaid, may have a material adverse

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
effect on the value of such Green Covered Bonds, and also potentially the value of any other Green Covered 
Bonds which are intended to finance Green Loans, and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors 
with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Covered Bonds may never be established or may be illiquid and 
this would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell its Covered Bonds 
Covered Bonds may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a 
market does develop, it may not be liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Covered Bonds 
easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market. This is particularly the case for Covered Bonds that are especially sensitive to interest rate, 
currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to 
meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Covered Bonds generally 
would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. 
Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Covered Bonds. See also “The Issuer and 
the Group may be affected by general economic and geopolitical conditions in the countries in which it 
operates” above. 
If an investor holds Covered Bonds which are not denominated in the investor’s home currency, it will 
be exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of its holding. In addition, the 
imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Covered Bonds could result in an investor not receiving 
payments on those Covered Bonds 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Covered Bonds in the Specified Currency. This 
presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated 
principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These 
include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the 
Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over 
the Investor’s Currency or Specified Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the 
value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor’s Currency 
equivalent yield on the Covered Bonds, (ii) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on 
the Covered Bonds and (iii) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of the Covered Bonds. 
Governmental and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect 
of the Covered Bonds. As a result, investors in the Covered Bonds may receive less interest or principal than 
expected, or no interest or principal as measured in the Investor’s Currency. 
The value of Fixed Rate Covered Bonds may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Covered Bonds involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently 
increase above the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed 
Rate Covered Bonds. 
Credit ratings assigned to Covered Bonds and/or the Programme may not reflect all the risks associated with an 
investment in those Covered Bonds and may be lowered, withdrawn or not maintained 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Covered Bonds and/or 
the Programme. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, 
additional factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Covered Bonds or the 
standing of the Issuer.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
The expected rating(s), if any, of the Covered Bonds will be set out in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement for each Series of Covered Bonds. Any rating agency may lower its rating or withdraw its 
rating if, in the sole judgement of the rating agency, the credit quality of the Covered Bonds has declined or is in 
question. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended 
or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
There is no guarantee that any rating of the Covered Bonds and/or the Programme will be maintained 
by the Issuer following the date of this Base Prospectus. If any rating assigned to the Covered Bonds and/or the 
Programme is revised lower, suspended, withdrawn or not maintained by the Issuer, the market value of the 
Covered Bonds may be reduced. 
Risks related to Covered Bonds generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Covered Bonds generally: 
There are no events of default 
The Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds do not include any events of default relating to the 
Issuer, thus Covered Bondholders cannot accelerate the Covered Bonds. Covered Bondholders will only be paid 
the scheduled interest payments under the Covered Bonds as and when they fall due under the Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds. The absence of any events of default from the Terms and Conditions may 
make it less likely that the Covered Bondholders will recoup their investment in full in the event that the Issuer 
experiences financial distress. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds contain provisions which may permit their modification 
without the consent of all investors 
The Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds contain provisions for calling meetings of Covered 
Bondholders to consider and vote upon matters affecting their interests generally, or to pass resolutions. These 
provisions permit a defined proportion of Covered Bondholders to bind all Covered Bondholders including 
Covered Bondholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Covered Bondholders who voted 
in a manner contrary to the majority. 
No assurance can be given in relation to changes of law 
The Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds are governed by English law, except for Condition 4 
(Status of the Covered Bonds), which will be governed by Finnish law. In the case of registration of the Covered 
Bonds in VP or Euroclear Finland, as the case may be, these will be governed by Danish law and Finnish law, 
respectively, in each case in effect as at the date of issue of the relevant Covered Bonds. No assurance can be 
given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law, Finnish law or Danish law or 
administrative practice after the date of issue of any relevant Covered Bonds and any such judicial decisions or 
change to law or administrative practice may therefore have an adverse effect on the market value of any 
relevant Covered Bonds. 
Investors who purchase Bearer Covered Bonds in denominations that are not an integral multiple of the 
Specified Denomination may be adversely affected if Definitive Covered Bonds are subsequently required to be 
issued 
In relation to any issue of Bearer Covered Bonds which have denominations consisting of a minimum 
Specified Denomination plus an integral multiple of another smaller amount in excess thereof, it is possible that 
such Covered Bonds may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified 
Denomination. In such a case a Covered Bondholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount 
which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in its account with the relevant clearing system at the 
relevant time may not receive a Definitive Covered Bond in respect of such holding (should Definitive Covered 
Bonds be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Covered Bonds such that its holding 
amounts to a Specified Denomination.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
If Definitive Covered Bonds are issued, Covered Bondholders should be aware that Definitive Covered 
Bonds which have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may 
be illiquid and difficult to trade.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published and have been filed with the Central 
Bank of Ireland shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(i) 
the Annual Report of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 (the “Annual 
Report 2020”), excluding the section “Outlook for 2021” of the “Danske Mortgage Bank Plc 
Board of Directors’ Report 2021” on page 9; 
(ii) 
the English translation of the Auditor’s Report of Deloitte Ltd for the Issuer as at and for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2020 (the “Auditor’s Report 2020”);  
(iii) 
the Annual Report of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 (the “Annual 
Report 2021” and, together with the Annual Report 2020, the “Annual Reports”), excluding 
the section “Outlook for 2022” of the “Danske Mortgage Bank Plc Board of Directors’ Report 
2021” on page 9;  
(iv) 
the English translation of the Auditor’s Report of Deloitte Ltd for the Issuer as at and for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2021 (the “Auditor’s Report 2021”); and 
(v) 
the unaudited interim report of the Issuer as at and for the six months ended 30 June 2022 (the 
“Interim Report – first half 2022” shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base 
Prospectus, excluding the section “Outlook for 2022” of the “Interim Report – first half 2022” 
on page 7. 
In relation to each of the documents deemed to be incorporated in this Base Prospectus, the non-
incorporated parts are either not relevant for the investor or are covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.  
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any 
Covered Bonds, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in 
connection with any subsequent issue of Covered Bonds. 
Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference 
therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or 
supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus. 
 
The sources of the financial statements (including the auditors’ notes thereto) in the Annual Reports 
incorporated by reference herein are as follows: 
 
Information 
Source 
Statement of Comprehensive Income for the Issuer for the six-month 
period ended 30 June 2022 
Interim Report – first half 2022 pg.9 
Balance Sheet for the Issuer as at 31 December 2021 
Interim Report – first half 2022 pg.9 
Statement of Capital for the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2021 
Interim Report – first half 2022 pg.12 
Statement of Changes in Equity for the Issuer for the six-month period 
ended 30 June 2022 
Interim Report – first half 2022 pg.10 
Cash Flow Statement for the Issuer for the six-month period ended 30 
June 2022 
Interim Report – first half 2022 pg.11 
Notes to the Financial Statements for the six-month period ended 30 June 
Interim Report – first half 2022 pgs. 13

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
Information 
Source 
2022 
- 21 
Statement of Comprehensive Income for the Issuer for the year ended 31 
December 2021 
Annual Report 2021 pg. 22 
Balance Sheet for the Issuer as at 31 December 2021 
Annual Report 2021 pg. 22 
Statement of Capital for the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2021 
Annual Report 2021 pgs. 7 – 8 
Statement of Changes in Equity for the Issuer for the year ended 31 
December 2021 
Annual Report 2021 pg. 23 
Cash Flow Statement for the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2021 
Annual Report 2021 pg. 24 
Notes to the Financial Statements for the Issuer as at and for the year 
ended 31 December 2021 
Annual Report 2021 pgs. 25 – 53 
Statement of Comprehensive Income for the Issuer for the year ended 31 
December 2020 
Annual Report 2020 pg. 23 
Balance Sheet for the Issuer as at 31 December 2020 
Annual Report 2020 pg. 23 
Statement of Capital for the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2020 
Annual Report 2020 pgs. 7 – 8 
Statement of Changes in Equity for the Issuer for the year ended 31 
December 2020 
Annual Report 2020 pg. 24 
Cash Flow Statement for the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2020 
Annual Report 2020 pg. 25 
Notes to the Financial Statements for the Issuer as at and for the year 
ended 31 December 2020 
Annual Report 2020 pgs. 26 – 53 
 
 
The Annual Report 2020 incorporated by reference herein can be viewed online at 
https://danskebank.com/-/media/pdf/danske-bank/fi/fi/danske-mortgage-bank-plc-annual-report-2020.pdf.   
The Auditor’s Report 2020 incorporated by reference herein can be viewed online at 
https://danskebank.com/-/media/pdf/danske-bank/fi/fi/danske-mortgage-bank-plc---auditors-report---2020.pdf.   
 
The Annual Report 2021 incorporated by reference herein can be viewed online at 
https://danskebank.com/-/media/pdf/danske-bank/fi/fi/danske-mortgage-bank-plc-annual-report-2021.pdf.    
The Auditor’s Report 2021 incorporated by reference herein can be viewed online at   
https://danskebank.com/-/media/pdf/danske-bank/fi/fi/danske-mortgage-bank-plc---auditors-report---2021.pdf.  
The Interim Report – first half 2022 incorporated by reference herein can be viewed online at 
https://danskebank.com/-/media/danske-bank-com/pdf/investor-relations/debt/investor-presentation/danske-
mortgage-bank-plc-interim-report-2022.pdf?rev=4149d377e5a640f78308529c39bffbd9&hash=838 
A71883584741EEDE65A873E088506. 
 
This Base Prospectus is, and any supplements hereto will be, available for viewing at 
https://live.euronext.com/en/product/bonds-detail/23225/documents.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF FINNISH LEGISLATION RELATING TO COVERED BONDS 
 
 
The following is a brief summary of certain features of the Covered Bonds Act as of the date hereof. 
The summary does not purport to be, and is not, a complete description of all aspects of the Finnish legislative 
and regulatory framework for covered bonds. Please also refer to the “Risk Factors” on pages 7 to 21 above.  
 
The Covered Bonds Act entered into force on 8 July 2022 and replaced the Finnish Covered Bond Act 
(Laki kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminnasta, 688/2010, as may be supplemented, amended, modified or varied from 
time to time). The Covered Bonds Act implements Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council on the issue of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision and amending Directives 
2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU (“Covered Bond Directive”). The Covered Bonds Act enables the issue of 
covered bonds (FI: katetut joukkolainat), which are debt instruments secured by a cover pool of eligible assets. 
The Covered Bonds Act regulates which assets can be used as collateral for the covered bonds and the quality of 
such assets. Covered bonds are issued by authorised mortgage banks (such as the Issuer) which are authorised to 
engage in a mortgage credit business (FI: kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminta) (each an “issuer”).   
The FIN-FSA is responsible for supervising each issuer’s compliance with the Covered Bonds Act and may 
issue regulations pursuant to the Covered Bonds Act. 
A mortgage bank’s business involves the issuing of covered bonds on the basis of loans secured by credit 
receivables that fulfil the requirements set out in Article 129 of the Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and 
investment firms (the “Regulation”). Only covered bonds that are subject to the Covered Bonds Act can be 
labelled as “European Covered Bonds (Premium)”. 
A mortgage bank must fulfil certain requirements prescribed in the Covered Bonds Act in order to obtain a 
mortgage bank licence from the FIN-FSA to engage in a mortgage credit business. The mortgage bank must 
have in place, among other things, a business plan that enables the credit institution to conduct mortgage credit 
business to the extent planned and a code of conduct to approve, amend, renew and refinance credit receivables 
in the cover pool. The issuer must have put into place a system of monitoring and administration of the cover 
pool and its personnel must fulfil certain professional requirements.  
Register of covered bonds   
Chapter 5 of the Covered Bonds Act requires the issuer to maintain a register (the “register”) for the covered 
bonds and the collateral that forms the cover pool assets. The register must also indicate which covered bonds 
are collateralised against the cover pool assets. The purpose of the register is to separate the collateral for the 
covered bonds from the issuer´s other funds. The actual entry of the covered bonds and relevant derivative 
transactions (as defined below) in the register is necessary to confer the preferential right in the cover pool in 
favour of, among others, the holders of covered bonds. Further, only assets entered in the register form part of 
the cover pool. The register must list, amongst other things, the covered bonds issued by the issuer and the 
assets in the cover pool (see “eligible assets” below), along with any loans made by the bankruptcy 
administrator of the issuer to secure liquidity or take out liquidity credit in accordance with Section 44 of the 
Covered Bonds Act recorded in the register (“bankruptcy liquidity loans”) entered into on behalf of the issuer. 
Any intermediary loan (see “Intermediary Loans” below) shall also be entered in the register. 
All assets entered in the register shall rank equally as collateral for the covered bonds.  Any changes to the 
information in the register shall be entered in the register without delay (although no specific timeframe is 
specified  under the Covered Bonds Act). A mortgage loan or a public sector loan shall be removed from the 
register when it has been fully repaid by the relevant borrower. A loan shall also be removed from the register if 
it can no longer be deemed to be an eligible asset (as defined below). A mortgage loan, a public sector loan or 
any supplementary collateral may also be removed from the register if, after its removal, the remaining 
mortgage loans, public sector loans and supplementary collateral entered in the register are sufficient to meet the 
requirements prescribed in the Covered Bonds Act. Accordingly, the cover pool is dynamic in the sense that an

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
issuer may supplement or substitute assets in the cover pool.  The duty to maintain the register lies with the 
issuer. 
The Covered Bonds Act requires that all the entries into the register are done in a way that cannot be altered 
afterwards. The information relating to the cover pool and issuance of the covered bonds shall be submitted to 
the FIN-FSA on a quarterly basis and separately at request.  
Eligible cover pool assets    
The covered bonds shall be covered at all times by a specific but dynamic cover pool of eligible assets which 
may consist of mortgage loans, public sector loans and supplementary collateral (“eligible assets”), each as 
defined in the Covered Bonds Act and which are, among other things, as follows:   
“commercial property loans” are loans secured by (i) mortgageable property for commercial or office 
purposes referred to in Chapter 16, Section 1 or Chapter 19, Section 1 of the Land Code (FI: Maakaari 
540/1995, as amended); or (ii) shares of a housing company or a real estate company entitling the holder to 
occupancy of the commercial or office premises; or (iii) collateral comparable to the aforementioned collateral, 
situated in another State belonging to the European Economic Area; 
“housing loans” are loans secured by (i) mortgageable property for primarily residential purposes referred to in 
Chapter 16, Section 1 or Chapter 19, Section 1 of the Land Code (FI: Maakaari 540/1995, as amended);  (ii) 
shares in a housing company referred to in Chapter 1, Section 2 of the Act on Housing Companies (FI: Asunto-
osakeyhtiölaki 1599/2009, as amended) or shares comparable thereto, participations and rights of occupancy; or 
(iii) collateral comparable to the aforementioned collateral, situated in another State belonging to the European 
Economic Area;   
“mortgage loans” are housing loans or commercial property loans;  
“public sector loans” are loans which have been granted to the Republic of Finland, a Finnish municipality or 
other public-sector entity which may, when calculating prudential requirements set out in the Regulation, be 
considered equivalent to the Finnish State or Finnish municipality or a credit which is fully collateralised by a 
guarantee granted by a public-sector entity or a claim on such entity;  
“supplementary collateral” is collateral which may include certain assets, short term receivables and deposits 
referred to in Article 129 of the Regulation. Supplementary collateral may only be used as collateral for covered 
bonds on a temporary basis and in the circumstances set out in the Covered Bonds Act.   
“derivative transactions” are concluded for hedging against risks related to covered bonds and their underlying 
collateral must be registered in the register and therefore constitute part of the cover pool assets.   
“insurance indemnities” are claims based on an insurance indemnity relating to the collateral of mortgage 
loans registered in the register. The Issuer shall ensure that the collateral of mortgage loans included in a cover 
pool is properly insured against damage risks. An insurance indemnity, which is in favour of the holder of the 
collateral and which relates to a loan claim collateralising a covered bond, shall be valid also for the benefit of 
the holders of a covered bond. 
Extended maturity 
The Covered Bonds Act stipulates the possibility to extend the maturity of an issue of covered bonds.  If the 
terms and conditions of the covered bonds include the possibility to extend the maturity then, pursuant to the 
Covered Bonds Act, in the case of each issue of covered bonds, the issuer may only extend the maturity date of 
such issue of covered bonds with the FIN-FSA’s permission. The issuer must apply to the FIN-FSA for 
permission to extend the maturity date of such issue of covered bonds no later than five banking days prior to 
the maturity date of such issue of covered bonds. 
For such purposes, pursuant to the Covered Bonds Act, the FIN-FSA will only grant its permission for the issuer 
to extend the maturity date of an issue of covered bonds if the following conditions are satisfied: (i) the issuer is 
unable to procure financing from customary sources of long-term financing; (ii) the issuer is unable to pay the 
principal and interest of such issue of covered bonds without a failure to maintain the liquidity coverage ratio of 
the issuer; and (iii) the extension does not affect the original order of maturity of the maturity dates of the

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
covered bonds covered by the same cover pool. The final maturity date approved by the FIN-FSA cannot extend 
beyond the date specified by the Issuer in the relevant terms and conditions as being the extended maturity date. 
A contractual term regarding the extension of maturity, which is in breach of Section 32 of the Covered Bonds 
Act, is ineffective towards the creditors of a covered bond. 
Quality of the cover pool assets   
Mortgage lending limit and valuation    
Mortgage loans entered into the register as collateral for a covered bond may not, at the time of the registration, 
exceed the current value of the assets placed as collateral. Mortgage loans can be accepted as a collateral only if 
its current value has been determined, at the time the credit was granted, on the basis of the Regulation, Act on 
Credit institutions (FI: Laki luottolaitostoiminnasta (610/2014))  and regulation issued by the FIN-FSA on the 
management of the credit risk. The issuer shall at least on a quarterly basis monitor the value of the collateral for 
the covered bonds and revise the value of the collateral in accordance with the above-mentioned regulations and 
based on a reliable statistical method reflecting the development of the market values of the real estates or in 
another reliable manner. 
Not more than 10 per cent. of the total amount of collateral shall be other than housing loans or public sector 
loans unless otherwise provided for in the terms and conditions of a covered bond. 
If an issuer acquires a mortgage loan or a public-sector loan from another credit institution for the purpose of 
including them in a cover pool, such issuer must duly ensure that the loans to be acquired and their collateral 
meet the requirements for collateral of covered bonds set out in the Covered Bonds Act. If the original creditor 
of a mortgage loan is not a credit institution, an issuer must assess the adequacy and appropriateness of the 
creditworthiness assessment methods used or comprehensively reassess the creditworthiness of the debtors. If 
creditworthiness assessment methods are not found to be at a level equivalent to those required by the provisions 
and regulations regarding the management of credit risks applicable to credit institutions, the creditworthiness of 
the debtors must be reassessed.  
Requirements for total cover pool value   
The Covered Bonds Act seeks to protect the covered bondholders’ positions by requiring that the outstanding 
principal amount and net present value of the covered bonds and estimated potential liquidation costs of the 
cover pool must be covered at all times by total cover pool value. This is achieved by Section 24 of the Covered 
Bonds Act, which provides that (a) the total value of cover pool assets must always exceed the aggregate 
outstanding principal amount of the covered bonds; and (b) the value of cover pool assets must always be at 
least 2 per cent. above the value of the liabilities under the covered bonds and if the requirements under the 
Article 129, section 3a, subsection 3 are not fulfilled the minimum value of the over collateral is 5 per cent.  
If the present value based computation provides a lower total cover pool value than the nominal based 
computation, the total cover pool value must be based on the nominal based computation. Both present value 
and nominal value based computations have to take into account the heightened credit risk of the assets in an 
appropriate manner at least for the cases where the counterparty of the asset is in default in accordance with 
Article 178 of the Regulation. 
In the context of a nominal value based calculation, collateral included in a cover pool and obligations arising 
from covered bonds must be determined by taking into account the impact of foreign exchange derivative 
contracts. In the context of a present value based calculation, derivative contracts must be determined on the 
basis of the value at the time of the relevant assessment. Both the total value of a cover pool and the obligations 
arising from covered bonds shall be determined using the same method. 
Requirement for a cover pool liquidity buffer 
Pursuant to Sections 19(1) and 19(2) of the Covered Bonds Act, the Issuer shall ensure that the cover pool, at all 
times, contains an amount of funds that covers the maximum cumulative net liquidity outflow for the next 180 
days.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
Determination of requirements under Section 23 of the Covered Bonds Act   
To determine the value of the assets in a cover pool, the issuer shall only take into account:   
a) the outstanding amount of a housing loan, but not an amount that exceeds 80 per cent. of the current 
value of the shares or real estate placed as collateral for any such housing loan;  
b) the outstanding amount of a commercial property loan, but not an amount that exceeds 60 per cent. of 
the current value of the shares or real estate placed as collateral for any such commercial real estate 
loan; and  
c) the principal of other receivables.   
Non-collateralised receivables whose counterparty has defaulted in accordance with Article 178 of the 
Regulation shall not be included as asset in the cover pool when calculating the total cover pool value.   
Supplementary collateral   
Up to 20 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount of all assets constituting the cover pool may consist of 
supplementary collateral. 
Intermediary Loans    
The Covered Bonds Act allows credit institutions to participate indirectly in the issue of covered bonds by 
means of intermediary loans granted by a mortgage credit bank to such institutions provided they belong to the 
same consolidation group as the mortgage bank. The creditor of the intermediary loans must be a local credit 
institution and, therefore, the Issuer cannot benefit from using such structure. The intermediary loan shall be 
entered in the register but shall not be calculated into the cover pool assets of the covered bonds. In addition, the 
debtor of an intermediary loan shall provide collateral in the form of mortgage loans or public sector loans 
which are registered in the register as security for the covered bonds of the mortgage credit bank. Upon the 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the issuer, the proceeds from the intermediary loans may only be used for the 
payment of liabilities that are derived from the covered bonds.   
Derivatives   
The issuer may enter into derivative transactions to hedge against the risks relating to covered bonds or their 
underlying collateral. Details of any such derivative transactions must be entered in the register and registered 
derivatives will hence form part of the cover pool.   
Prohibition on transfers and pledge  
The issuer or the debtor under an intermediary loan may not, without the permission of the FIN-FSA, assign or 
pledge mortgage loans or public sector loans which are included in the cover pool assets. An assignment or 
pledge violating such prohibition will be void.    
Reporting 
The issuer must, at least quarterly (and, to the extent the issuer maintains more than one cover pool, with the 
information relating to each cover pool presented separately), display on its webpage the following information 
for at least the current calendar year and for the five preceding calendar years: 
(a) 
the total value of collateral and covered bonds issued; 
(b) 
international securities identification numbers (ISINs) of covered bonds; 
(c) 
the distribution of collateral by type (in the case of housing loans, the relevant information 
shall be presented by separating loans granted to natural persons, loans granted to housing 
companies, and other housing association loans); 
(d) 
the geographical distribution of the collateral of loan claims, account on valuation methods, 
and information on loan amounts of the loan claims;

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
(e) 
a description of the market risks associated with covered bonds, including interest rate risk 
and exchange rate risk, as well as of credit risks and liquidity risks; 
(f) 
information relating to the maturity of covered bonds, including any conditions for extending 
the maturity of a covered bond and the legal effects and other possible effects associated with 
the extension of the maturity date; 
(g) 
available collateral and the minimum level of collateral, including the minimum level of 
overcollateral set out in legislation, the overcollateral set out in the terms of a covered bond or 
a covered bond programme and the total value of a cover pool exceeding these; and 
(h) 
the proportion of those loan claims in the cover pool which either meet the requirements set 
out in Article 178 of the CRR or whose overdue principal or interest has otherwise been 
unpaid for at least 90 days. 
In addition, an issuer must report to the FIN-FSA on a quarterly basis, and separately at the request of the FIN-
FSA from time to time, information on (i) issued covered bonds, (ii) the cover pool (in order to assess that the 
cover pool complies with the conditions laid down in the Covered Bonds Act), (iii) the assessment of collateral 
for loan claims included in the cover pool, (iv) the covered bond register (in order to assess that the collateral of 
the covered bond and items comparable to collateral are entered in the register in the manner laid down in the 
Covered Bonds Act), (v) the collateral requirements and the calculation of the total amount of collateral, (vi) the 
fulfilment of the liquidity buffer requirement and (vii) the contractual terms concerning the extension of 
maturity. The FIN-FSA shall issue further regulations on the information content and means of such reporting 
although, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the FIN-FSA has issued no such regulations. 
Set-off 
In the event of liquidation or bankruptcy of an issuer, a creditor of such issuer or of the debtor of an 
intermediary loan may not set-off its claim against the collateral included in a cover pool. 
Prohibition on transfers, pledges, execution and precautionary measures 
An issuer or the debtor under an intermediary loan may not, without the permission of the FIN-FSA, assign or 
pledge mortgage loans or public-sector loans which are included in the cover pool assets. An assignment or 
pledge violating such prohibition shall be void. 
An asset entered in the register as collateral for a covered bond may not be taken in execution for a debt of an 
issuer, an entity which granted a mortgage loan or a public sector loan, or a debtor of an intermediary loan, nor 
may precautionary measures be directed at it. 
Bankruptcy and liquidation 
Under the Finnish Bankruptcy Act (FI: Konkurssilaki 120/2004) a claim in bankruptcy that has not fallen due 
shall, in the relevant bankruptcy proceedings, be considered due as between the relevant creditor and the 
relevant debtor. However, in accordance with the Covered Bonds Act, a covered bond is not considered to have 
fallen due in an issuer’s bankruptcy. Collateral entered in the register in accordance with the Covered Bonds Act 
may not be recovered pursuant to the Act on Recovery of Assets to a Bankruptcy Estate (FI: Laki 
takaisinsaannista konkurssipesään 758/1991, as amended).  
The collateral included in the cover pool stand as security for all the bonds’ principal and interests, obligations 
based on derivative instruments related to the covered bonds and management and settlement costs covered 
thereby. The creditors of the obligations referred to above have the right to receive payment from the collaterals 
included in the cover pool before the other creditors of the issuer or the credit institution acting as the debtor of 
an intermediate loan. Such priority right also concerns interest accrued on the collaterals, the proceeds of the 
collaterals, and any assets replacing the collaterals. 
To the extent that the claims of the holders of the covered bonds, the counterparties of the derivative 
transactions entered in the register, the creditors of management and settlement costs and the providers of 
bankruptcy liquidity loans (ranking behind such other unsecured obligations) are not met out of the collateral

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
included in the cover pool, the residual claims will rank pari passu with the unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the relevant issuer. 
When an issuer of a covered bond is placed in liquidation or is subject to bankruptcy proceedings, the FIN-FSA 
shall, without delay, nominate a representative to supervise adequate administration and liquidation of the 
relevant issuer’s covered bonds. Such representative shall, in particular, supervise (i) the administration and 
liquidation of securities for the covered bonds; and (ii) payments to the debtors of the relevant covered bonds. 
The relevant representative shall act in co-operation with the FIN-FSA and the Financial Stability Authority. 
The relevant representative has a right to receive the information that is needed for conducting its duties from 
the FIN-FSA and Financial Stability Authority. Likewise, the FIN-FSA and Financial Stability Authority have 
right to receive information from the relevant representative.  
A bankruptcy administrator and a liquidator shall, upon the demand or with the consent of the representative, 
conclude derivative transactions necessary for hedging against risks relating to covered bonds and the relevant 
collateral. A bankruptcy administrator and a liquidator shall also have a right to terminate or transfer a 
derivative contract to a third party on the demand or with the consent of the representative, provided that the 
assets placed as collateral are transferred or converted into cash and that this is reasonable from the perspective 
of risk management, as well as a right to transfer collateral to a counterparty in a derivative transaction when the 
interests of the holder of the covered bonds demands such. In addition, a bankruptcy administrator and a 
liquidator shall, upon the demand or with the consent of the representative, have a right to conclude contractual 
arrangements to secure liquidity or take out bankruptcy liquidity loans. A bankruptcy liquidity loan and its 
identification information shall be entered in the register. 
In the event of bankruptcy, an estate administrator and liquidator shall, at the request of the representative, sell 
such number of securities in the relevant cover pool as is needed for the payment of the obligations relating to 
the covered bonds. If the requirements concerning the total sum of the collateral relating to a covered bond 
cannot be satisfied while the relevant issuer is in bankruptcy or in liquidation, the estate administrator (in the 
case of bankruptcy) and the administrator (in the case of liquidation) must, at the request of, or with the consent 
of, the relevant representative, accelerate the covered bonds and sell the assets acting as security for each 
covered bond.  
The estate administrator and the administrator may also at the request of the representative or with its consent 
apply permission from the FIN-FSA to extend the maturity of the covered bonds if the bond terms include a soft 
bullet term. For the permission process and conditions for extension see “Extended Maturity” above. According 
to the recitals of the Covered Bonds Act, if the maturity of a covered bond has already been extended with a 
permission of the FIN-FSA, the maturity of such covered bond may be extended again by applying for a new 
permission from the FIN-FSA, provided however that the new due date falls within the maturity agreed in the 
contractual terms of the covered bond and that the new extension does not affect the order of maturity based on 
the original maturity dates of covered bonds covered by the same cover pool. In addition, the FIN-FSA may 
grant permission to extend the maturity in the event of an issuer’s bank resolution under the BRRD (see “The 
European Union has adopted a bank recovery and resolution directive which is intended to enable a range of 
actions to be taken in relation to credit institutions and investment firms considered to be at risk of failing. 
Should the Group enter into resolution this could, in certain limited circumstances, ultimately entail the bail-in 
of any Covered Bonds” above). 
Funds derived from the sale of the securities and derivative agreements after the start of the relevant bankruptcy 
or relevant liquidation, as the case may be, shall be deposited in the Bank of Finland or in a deposit bank which 
does not belong in the same group as the relevant issuer. Such deposit shall be marked as a security in the 
register held by the relevant issuer.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
FORM OF THE COVERED BONDS 
Words and expressions defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” herein shall have the 
same meanings in this “Form of the Covered Bonds”. 
The Covered Bonds of each Series will be in bearer form or, in the case of VP Systems Covered Bonds, 
uncertificated book entry form. 
Form of Bearer Covered Bonds 
Each Tranche of Bearer Covered Bonds will initially be in the form of either a temporary global 
covered bond (the “Temporary Global Covered Bond”), without interest Coupons, or a permanent global 
covered bond (the “Permanent Global Covered Bond”), without interest Coupons, in each case as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. Each Temporary Global Covered Bond or, as the case may be, 
Permanent Global Covered Bond (each a “Global Covered Bond”) which is intended to be issued in classic 
global covered bond (“CGCB”) form and not in new global covered bond (“NGCB”) form, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of the Covered Bonds with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and each Global Covered Bond which is intended to be issued in NGCB form as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, will be deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a 
Common Safe-keeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
If the Covered Bonds have a maturity of more than 1 year, unless the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement specifies that United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor United 
States Treasury regulation section, including without limitation, successor regulations issued in accordance with 
Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the United States Hiring Incentives to 
Restore Employment Act of 2010) (the “TEFRA C Rules”) are applicable in relation to the Covered Bonds, 
United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor United States Treasury regulation 
section, including without limitation, successor regulations issued in accordance with Internal Revenue Service 
Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the United States Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act 
of 2010) (the “TEFRA D Rules”) will apply in relation to the Covered Bonds.  
Temporary Global Covered Bond exchangeable for Permanent Global Covered Bond 
If the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specifies the form of Covered Bonds as being 
“Temporary Global Covered Bond exchangeable for a Permanent Global Covered Bond”, then the Covered 
Bonds will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Covered Bond which will be exchangeable, in whole 
or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Covered Bond, without interest Coupons, not earlier than forty 
days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Covered Bonds upon certification as to non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership. 
No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Covered Bond unless exchange for interests in 
the Permanent Global Covered Bond is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest payments in respect 
of the Covered Bonds cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Covered Bond is to be exchanged for an interest in a 
Permanent Global Covered Bond, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the prompt delivery 
(free of charge to the bearer) of such Permanent Global Covered Bond, duly authenticated and, in the case of a 
NGCB, effectuated, to the bearer of the Temporary Global Covered Bond or (in the case of any subsequent 
exchange of a part of the Temporary Global Covered Bond) an increase in the principal amount of the 
Permanent Global Covered Bond in accordance with its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Covered 
Bond to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent; and 
(ii) 
in either case, receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership,

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
within seven days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
The principal amount of the Permanent Global Covered Bond shall be equal to the aggregate of the 
principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership; provided, however, that in no 
circumstances shall the principal amount of the Permanent Global Covered Bond exceed the initial principal 
amount of the Temporary Global Covered Bond. 
Temporary Global Covered Bond exchangeable for Definitive Covered Bonds 
If the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specifies the form of Covered Bonds as being 
“Temporary Global Covered Bond exchangeable for Definitive Covered Bonds” and also specifies that the 
TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C Rules or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then 
the Covered Bonds will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Covered Bond which will be 
exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Covered Bonds in definitive form (“Definitive Covered Bonds”) not 
earlier than forty days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Covered Bonds. 
If the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specifies the form of Covered Bonds as being 
“Temporary Global Covered Bond exchangeable for Definitive Covered Bonds” and the TEFRA D Rules are 
specified or are deemed to be applicable, then the Covered Bonds will initially be in the form of a Temporary 
Global Covered Bond which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive Covered Bonds not earlier 
than forty days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Covered Bonds upon certification as to non-
U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Covered Bonds cannot be collected without such 
certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Covered Bond is to be exchanged for Definitive 
Covered Bonds, the Issuer shall procure the delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Covered 
Bonds, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global 
Covered Bond to the bearer of the Temporary Global Covered Bond against the surrender of the Temporary 
Global Covered Bond at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent within thirty days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange save that this paragraph shall not apply if the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specifies 
denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination plus one or more integral multiples of another 
smaller amount. 
Permanent Global Covered Bond exchangeable for Definitive Covered Bonds  
If the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specifies the form of Covered Bonds as being 
“Permanent Global Covered Bond exchangeable for Definitive Covered Bonds”, then the Covered Bonds will 
initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Covered Bond which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in 
part, for Definitive Covered Bonds: 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement; or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as being at the 
option of such holder of Permanent Global Covered Bond, upon such holder’s request save 
that, in relation to Bearer Covered Bonds, this paragraph (ii) shall not apply if the Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement specifies denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more integral multiples of another smaller amount; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specifies “in the limited circumstances 
described in the Permanent Global Covered Bond”, then if Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous 
period of fourteen days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business or in fact does so. 
The Permanent Global Covered Bond will also become exchangeable, in whole but not in part and at 
the option of the Issuer, for Definitive Covered Bonds if, by reason of any change in the laws of Finland, the

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
Issuer will be required to make any withholding or deduction from any payment in respect of the Covered 
Bonds which would not be required if the Covered Bonds were in definitive form. 
Interest-bearing Definitive Covered Bonds will have attached thereto at the time of their initial delivery 
Coupons. Interest-bearing Definitive Covered Bonds, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, will have attached thereto at the time of their initial delivery, Talons for further coupons and the 
expression Coupons shall, where the context so requires, include Talons. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Covered Bond is to be exchanged for Definitive Covered Bonds, the 
Issuer shall procure the delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Covered Bonds, duly 
authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Permanent Global Covered 
Bond to the bearer of the Permanent Global Covered Bond against the surrender of the Permanent Global 
Covered Bond to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 45 days of the bearer requesting such exchange save 
that paragraph (ii) above shall not apply if the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specifies denominations 
consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination plus one or more integral multiples of another smaller 
amount. 
If the Issuer does not make the required delivery of Definitive Covered Bonds by 6.00 p.m. (London 
time) on the day on which the relevant notice period expires or, as the case may be, the thirtieth day after the 
day on which such Permanent Global Covered Bond becomes due to be exchanged, such Permanent Global 
Covered Bond will become void in accordance with its terms but without prejudice to the rights conferred by the 
Deed of Covenant. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Covered Bonds and Clearing System procedures 
The Terms and Conditions applicable to any Covered Bond in global form or any Definitive Covered 
Bond will be endorsed on that Covered Bond and will consist of the Terms and Conditions set out under “Terms 
and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” below and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which completes or 
(in the case of Exempt Covered Bonds only) the relevant Pricing Supplement which completes and/or amends 
and/or replaces those Terms and Conditions. For the purpose of any payments made in respect of a Covered 
Bond in global form, the relevant place of presentation shall be disregarded in the definition of “Payment 
Business Day” set out in Condition 2.1 (Definitions).  
While the Covered Bonds are in global form, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligations under 
the Covered Bonds by making payments (i) to a common depositary (for Bearer Covered Bonds which are 
CGCBs) or (ii) to a common safe-keeper (for Bearer Covered Bonds which are NGCBs). A holder of a 
beneficial interest in a Global Covered Bond must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, to receive payments under the relevant Covered Bonds. The Issuer has no 
responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in such 
a Global Covered Bond. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Covered Bonds having a maturity of more than one year, the 
Covered Bonds in global form and the Covered Bonds in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons 
appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the following effect: 
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue 
Code.” 
The sections referred to in such legend provide that a United States person who holds a Covered Bond, 
Coupon or Talon will generally not be allowed to deduct any loss realised on the sale, exchange or redemption 
of such Covered Bond, Coupon or Talon and any gain (which might otherwise be characterised as capital gain) 
recognised on such sale, exchange or redemption will be treated as ordinary income.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
Form of VP Systems Covered Bonds 
Each Tranche of VP Systems Covered Bonds will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book 
entry form. The VP Systems Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will not be evidenced by any physical 
note or document of title other than statements of account made by VP or Euroclear Finland Legal title to the 
VP Systems Covered Bonds will be evidenced by book entries in the records of VP, VPS or Euroclear Finland 
(as the case may be). A holder of VP Systems Covered Bonds will have to rely on the clearing system 
procedures to receive payments under the relevant VP Systems Covered Bonds. Issues of VP Systems Covered 
Bonds are the subject of the VP Systems Agency Agreement. On the issue of such VP Systems Covered Bonds, 
the Issuer will send a copy of the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement to the Fiscal Agent, with a copy 
sent to the relevant VP Systems Agent. On delivery of the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement by the 
relevant VP Systems Agent to VP or Euroclear Finland (as the case may be) and notification to VP or Euroclear 
Finland (as the case may be) of the subscribers and their VP or Euroclear Finland (as the case may be) account 
details by the relevant Dealer(s) and/or the relevant VP Systems Agent, acting on behalf of the Issuer, will give 
instructions to VP or Euroclear Finland (as the case may be) to credit each subscribing account holder with VP 
or Euroclear Finland (as the case may be) with a nominal amount of VP Systems Covered Bonds equal to the 
nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VP Systems Covered Bonds in VP or 
Euroclear Finland (as the case may be) will take place in accordance with market practice at the time of the 
transaction. Transfers of interests in the relevant VP Systems Covered Bonds will take place in accordance with 
the rules and procedures for the time being of VP or Euroclear Finland (as the case may be). 
General 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or VP or Euroclear Finland (as 
the case may be) shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or 
alternative clearing system approved by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the other Paying Agents and the relevant 
Covered Bondholders. 
Unless otherwise expressly stated, references to “Conditions” in this Base Prospectus are to the terms 
and conditions of the Covered Bonds in the section “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds”.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds which, as completed by the relevant 
Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Covered Bonds only) as completed and/or amended and/or replaced by 
the relevant Pricing Supplement, will be incorporated by reference into each global Covered Bond and each 
definitive Covered Bond, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock exchange or other relevant 
authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue but, if not so permitted 
and agreed, such definitive Covered Bond will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and 
Conditions. The Terms and Conditions will also be applicable to each VP Systems Covered Bond. VP Systems 
Covered Bonds will not be evidenced by any physical covered bond or document of title other than statements of 
account made by VP or Euroclear Finland (as the case may be). Ownership of VP Systems Covered Bonds will 
be recorded and transfer effected only through the book entry system and register maintained by VP or 
Euroclear Finland (as the case may be).  
The relevant Pricing Supplement in relation to any Tranche of Exempt Covered Bonds may specify 
other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Terms 
and Conditions, amend and/or replace the Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such Covered Bonds. 
Reference should be made to “Form of the Covered Bonds” for a description of the content of the 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the 
relevant Covered Bonds. 
1. 
Introduction 
1.1 
Agency Agreement: This Covered Bond is one of a Series (as defined below) of Covered Bonds issued 
by Danske Mortgage Bank Plc (the “Issuer”) pursuant either to:  
(A) 
an Amended and Restated Agency Agreement (as may be amended or supplemented from 
time to time, the “Agency Agreement”) dated 5 September 2022 between the Issuer, 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch as Fiscal Agent and the other agents named in it; or  
(B) 
in the case of VP Systems Covered Bonds, an agency agreement (as may be amended or 
supplemented from time to time, the “VP Systems Agency Agreement”) dated 5 September 
2022 between the Issuer and the agents named in it and the Agency Agreement to the extent 
specified therein, 
and, except in relation to VP Systems Covered Bonds, with the benefit of a Deed of Covenant (as may 
be amended or supplemented from time to time, the “Deed of Covenant”) dated 5 September 2022 
executed by the Issuer in relation to the Covered Bonds. 
1.2 
References herein to the “Covered Bonds” shall be references to the Covered Bonds of this Series and 
shall mean: 
(i) 
in relation to any Covered Bonds represented by a global Covered Bond, units of the lowest 
Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(ii) 
(in the case of Bearer Covered Bonds) definitive Bearer Covered Bonds issued in exchange 
(or part exchange) for a global Covered Bond; 
(iii) 
any global Covered Bond; and 
(iv) 
VP Systems Covered Bonds. 
References herein to the “Exempt Covered Bonds” are to Covered Bonds for which no prospectus is 
required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation and the UK Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
1.3 
Fiscal and Paying Agent: The fiscal agent, the paying agents and the calculations agent(s) for the time 
being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the “Fiscal Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which 
expression shall include the Fiscal Agent) and the “Calculation Agent(s)”. Each Tranche of VP 
Systems Covered Bonds will be created and held in uncertificated book entry form in accounts with VP 
or Euroclear Finland (as the case may be). The relevant VP Systems Agent will act as agent of the 
Issuer in respect of all dealings with VP or Euroclear Finland (as the case may be) in respect of relevant 
VP Systems Covered Bonds.  
1.4 
Interest Bearing Covered Bonds: Interest bearing definitive Bearer Covered Bonds have interest 
coupons (“Coupons”) and, if specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, talons for 
further Coupons (“Talons”) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, 
unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons.  
1.5 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement: Each Tranche of Covered Bonds other than Exempt Covered 
Bonds is the subject of a final terms document (the “Final Terms”) which completes these Terms and 
Conditions (these “Conditions”). Each Tranche of Exempt Covered Bonds is the subject of a pricing 
supplement (the “Pricing Supplement”) which completes and/or amends and/or replaces these 
Conditions. References to the “relevant Final Terms” or “relevant Pricing Supplement” are to the Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement (or the relevant provisions thereof) which are (except in the case of VP 
Systems Covered Bonds) attached to or endorsed on this Covered Bond. The terms and conditions 
applicable to any particular Tranche of Covered Bonds are these Conditions as completed by the 
relevant Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Covered Bonds only) as completed and/or amended 
and/or replaced by the relevant Pricing Supplement. In the event of any inconsistency between these 
Conditions and the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement shall prevail.  
1.6 
Summaries: The statements in these Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. Copies of the Agency Agreement, the VP Systems Agency 
Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are obtainable during normal business hours at the Specified 
Office of each of the Paying Agents. If this Covered Bond is admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”), the relevant 
Final 
Terms 
will 
be 
available 
for 
viewing 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
(https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin). The Covered Bondholders and the Couponholders are 
deemed to have notice of all the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement which are applicable to them. 
2. 
Interpretation 
2.1 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
“Accrual Yield” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Adjustment Spread” means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or methodology 
for calculating a spread, which the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if 
applicable) and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines is required 
to be applied to the relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) in 
order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the relevant circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to the Covered Bondholders as a result of the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with such Successor Reference Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate for which no such recommendation has been made 
or in the case of an Alternative Reference Rate, the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser (if applicable) and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, determines is recognised or acknowledged as being in customary market usage in 
international debt capital markets transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, 
where such rate has been replaced by such Successor Reference Rate or the Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable); or 
(iii) 
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the Issuer, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser (if applicable) and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the relevant 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the relevant Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); or 
(iv) 
if no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged, the Issuer, in its discretion, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if applicable) and acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate; 
“Alternative Reference Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate that the Issuer 
(following consultation with an Independent Adviser (if applicable)) determines has replaced the 
Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in respect of 
covered bonds denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable duration to the relevant 
Interest Periods, or, if the Issuer (following consultation with an Independent Adviser (if applicable)) 
determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Issuer (following consultation with an 
Independent Adviser (if applicable)) determines in its discretion is most comparable to the Original 
Reference Rate; 
“Applicable Business Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement; 
“Applicable Financial Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Bearer Covered Bonds” means Covered Bonds issued in bearer form; 
“Benchmark Event” means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
such Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for at least five Business Days or 
ceasing to exist or be administered; or 
(ii) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the administrator of such Original 
Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing such Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of such Original Reference 
Rate) and (B) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (ii)(A); or 
(iii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such Original 
Reference Rate that such Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(iv) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such 
Original Reference Rate that such Original Reference Rate will, on or before a specified date, 
be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (B) the date falling six months prior to the 
specified date referred to in (iv)(A); or 
(v) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such 
Original Reference Rate that means such Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from 
being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
on or before a specified date and (B) the date falling six months prior to the specified date 
referred to in (v)(A); or 
(vi) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for the 
Calculation Agent or any other agents party to the Agency Agreement to calculate any 
payments due to be made to the Covered Bondholders using such Original Reference Rate; or 
(vii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such Original 
Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer representative or 
may no longer be used; 
“Broken Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of Interest Determination Dates only, where the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement specifies a “Business Day” preceded by a city for the purposes of the Interest 
Determination Date(s), a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in that city; and 
(ii) 
in all other cases, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in each Applicable Business Centre, and if TARGET is an 
Applicable Business Centre, a TARGET Settlement Day; 
“Business Day Convention”, in relation to any particular date, shall be as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, may have different meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, the 
following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
“Following Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
“Modified Following Business Day Convention” or “Modified Business Day Convention” 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business 
Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first 
preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
“Preceding Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be brought forward 
to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
“FRN Convention”, “Floating Rate Convention” or “Eurodollar Convention” means that 
each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date 
in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding 
such date occurred provided, however, that: 
(a) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any 
such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in 
that calendar month; 
(b) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such 
date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in 
the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a 
Business Day; and 
(c) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred; and

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
(v) 
“No Adjustment” means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention; 
“Calculation Agent” means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement; 
“Calculation Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Call Option” has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Clearing System Business Day” means any day other than (i) Saturdays and Sundays and (ii) 1 
January and 25 December; 
“Clearstream, Luxembourg” means Clearstream Banking S.A.; 
“Couponholders” means the holders of the Coupons, and such expression shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, include the holders of Talons; 
“Covered Bondholders” means the holders for the time being of the Covered Bonds, and such 
expression shall in relation to any Covered Bonds represented by a global Covered Bond and in 
relation to VP Systems Covered Bonds, be construed as provided below;  
“Covered Bonds Act” means the Act on Mortgage Banks and Covered Bonds (FI: Laki 
kiinnitysluottopankeista ja katetuista joukkolainoista (151/2022)), as may be supplemented, amended, 
modified, varied, extended, replaced or re-enacted from time to time; 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Covered 
Bond for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) 
(whether or not constituting an Interest Period) (the “Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified hereon, 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during which 
it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Regular Period and (y) the number of Regular Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods normally ending in 
any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Regular 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Regular 
Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods normally ending in any year; 
(ii) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a 
leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360;

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
360
)
D
- 
(D
 
)]
M
- 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
- 
(Y
 x 
[360
 
1
2
1
2
1
2



 Fraction
Count
Day 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
360
)
D
- 
(D
 
)]
M
- 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
- 
(Y
 x 
[360
 
1
2
1
2
1
2



 Fraction
Count
Day 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
360
)
D
- 
(D
 
)]
M
- 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
- 
(Y
 x 
[360
 
1
2
1
2
1
2



 Fraction
Count
Day 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity 
Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30;  
“Designated Maturity” means, in respect of any Covered Bond for which (i) the Floating Rate 
Covered Bond Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as being 
applicable and (ii) Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, the period of time designated in the relevant Reference 
Rate; 
“Early Redemption Amount” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 7.5 
“Early Redemption Amount (Tax)” means, in respect of any Covered Bond, its Outstanding Principal 
Amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or calculated or determined in accordance with, 
these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Early Termination Amount” means, in respect of any Covered Bond, its Outstanding Principal 
Amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or calculated or determined in accordance with, 
these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“EONIA” means the euro overnight index average rate;  
“Euroclear” means Euroclear Bank SA/NV; 
“Euroclear Finland” means Euroclear Finland Oy, the Finnish central securities depository; 
“Exempt Covered Bonds” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 1.2; 
“Extraordinary Resolution” has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
“Final Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Covered Bond, its Outstanding Principal 
Amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“FIN-FSA” means the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority and any successor or replacement 
thereto; 
“Fixed Coupon Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“IA Determination Cut-Off Date” means the date that is no later than five Business Days prior to the 
Interest Determination Date relating to the next Interest Period; 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets, in each case 
selected and appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
“Interest Amount” means, in relation to a Calculation Amount and an Interest Period, the amount of 
interest payable in respect of the Calculation Amount for that Interest Period; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date of the Covered Bonds or such other date as 
may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement;

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
“Interest Determination Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement; 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and, if a Business Day 
Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as being the Specified Period, each of such dates 
as may occur in accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest 
Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest 
Payment Date (in any other case); 
“Interest Period” means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; 
“ISDA Definitions” means either: (i) the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated as at the 
date of issue of the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series) as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (“ISDA”) (the “2006 ISDA Definitions”)_or (ii) 
the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (as at the date of issue of the 
first Tranche of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series) as published by ISDA (the “2021 ISDA 
Definitions”), in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Issue Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Issuer Cover Pool” means the pool of assets maintained by the Issuer which has the benefit of a 
statutory preference under the Covered Bonds Act; 
“Margin” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Maturity Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Maximum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement; 
“Member States” means the member states of the European Economic Area; 
“Minimum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement; 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Call)” means, in respect of any Covered Bond, its Outstanding 
Principal Amount, or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, 
these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Put)” means, in respect of any Covered Bond, its Outstanding 
Principal Amount, or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, 
these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Optional Redemption Date (Call)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement; 
“Optional Redemption Date (Put)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement; 
“Original Reference Rate” means: 
(i) 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally specified for the purposes of 
determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) thereof) of the 
Covered Bonds; or

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
(ii) 
any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate which has been determined in 
relation to such benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant to the operation of 
Condition 5.2.4 (Reference Rate Replacement); 
“Outstanding Principal Amount” means, in respect of a Covered Bond, its principal amount 
outstanding or otherwise as specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Payment Business Day” means: 
(i) 
if relevant, a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments generally; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each Applicable Financial Centre, and 
if TARGET is an Applicable Financial Centre, a TARGET Settlement Day; 
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
“Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129; 
“Put Option Notice” means a notice, in the form available from the Specified Office of any Paying 
Agent, which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Covered Bondholder wanting to exercise its 
right to require the Issuer to redeem a Covered Bond; 
“Put Option Receipt” means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Covered Bondholder 
upon deposit of a Covered Bond with such Paying Agent by any Covered Bondholder wanting to 
exercise its right to require the Issuer to redeem a Covered Bond; 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Covered Bonds specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement or calculated 
or determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement and subject, at all times, if any such rate is below zero, that such rate will be 
deemed to be zero, unless otherwise stated in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Redemption Amount” means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount, the Early Redemption Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Put), the Early Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a 
redemption amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Reference Banks” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement or, if 
none, four major banks selected by the Issuer in the market that is most closely connected with the 
Reference Rate; 
“Reference Price” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Reference Rate” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, subject as 
provided in Condition 5.2.4 (Reference Rate Replacement). In the case of Covered Bonds other than 
Exempt Covered Bonds, the Reference Rate shall be either EURIBOR or EONIA, subject as provided 
in Condition 5.2.4 (Reference Rate Replacement); 
“Register” means the register established and maintained by the Issuer pursuant to the Covered Bonds 
Act; 
“Regular Period” means: 
(i) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding 
the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including one Interest 
Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date;

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
(ii) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled 
to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date 
falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where “Regular Date” means the 
day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from 
and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, 
where “Regular Date” means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest 
Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular 
Interest Period; 
“Relevant Date” means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received in the 
Applicable Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due 
date, the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to 
the Covered Bondholders; 
“Relevant Financial Centre” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement; 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference Rate relates, or any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
such Original Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference Rate relates, 
(b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of such Original Reference Rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central 
banks or other supervisory authorities, or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; 
“Relevant Screen Page” means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, the Reuters Money 3000 Service) specified as the Relevant Screen Page 
in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, or such other page, section or other part as may 
replace it on that information service or such other information service, in each case, as may be 
nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of 
displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
“Relevant Time” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Series” means a Tranche of Covered Bonds together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Covered 
Bonds which are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) identical in all 
respects (including as to listing) except for their respective Issue Dates, the date of the first payment of 
interest, if any, the amount and/or the Issue Price; 
“Specified Currency” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Specified Denomination(s)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement; 
“Specified Office” has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
“Specified Period” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Statutory Extended Maturity Date” means the date given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, subject in any case to the relevant Statutory Maturity Extension Approval; 
“Statutory Maturity Extension Approval” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7.9 (Statutory 
Extension of Maturity);

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
“Successor Reference Rate” means the rate that the Issuer (following consultation with an 
Independent Adviser (if applicable)) determines is a successor to or replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
“Talon” means a talon for further Coupons; 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-time 
Gross settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (“TARGET”) which was launched on 19 
November 2007 or any successor thereto is open for the settlement of payments in euro; 
“Tranche” means Covered Bonds which are identical in all respects (including as to listing); 
“Treaty” means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended; 
“UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; 
“VP” means VP Securities Services (Værdipapircentralen A/S), the Danish central securities 
depository; 
“VP Systems Agent” means: 
(a) 
in the case of VP Systems Covered Bonds cleared through VP, Danske Bank A/S; or 
(b) 
in the case of VP Systems Covered Bonds cleared through Euroclear Finland, Danske Bank 
A/S, Finland Branch, 
and such expression shall, in either case, include any successor of such agent; 
“VP Systems Covered Bonds” means Covered Bonds issued in uncertificated book entry form cleared 
through VP or Euroclear Finland (as the case may be); and 
“Zero Coupon Covered Bonds” means a Covered Bond specified as such in the relevant Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement. 
2.2 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
Covered Bonds and Covered Bondholders shall be deemed to include references to Coupons 
and Coupon-holders, respectively, where relevant; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as being attached to 
the Covered Bonds at the time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include 
references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as being attached 
to the Covered Bonds at the time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any additional 
amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 8 (Taxation), any 
premium payable in respect of a Covered Bond and any other amount in the nature of 
principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of 
interest which may be payable under Condition 8 (Taxation) and any other amount in the 
nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Covered Bonds being “outstanding” shall be construed in accordance with the 
Agency Agreement; 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2.1 (Definitions) to have the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, but the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement gives no such meaning or specifies that such expression is “not applicable” then 
such expression is not applicable to the Covered Bonds;

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
(viii) 
any reference to the Agency Agreement or the Deed of Covenant shall be construed as a 
reference to the Agency Agreement or the Deed of Covenant, as the case may be, as amended 
and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue Date of the Covered Bonds; 
(ix) 
VP Systems Covered Bonds are in dematerialised form, and any references in these 
Conditions to Coupons and Talons shall not apply to VP Systems Covered Bonds and no 
global or definitive Covered Bonds will be issued in respect thereof; and 
(x) 
if the Covered Bonds are Zero Coupon Covered Bonds, references to Coupons and 
Couponholders are not applicable. 
2.3 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement prevails: Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement 
or used in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement shall have the same meanings where used in 
these Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that in 
the event of any inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement will prevail. 
3. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
3.1 
Form of the Covered Bonds: The Covered Bonds are issued in bearer form (the Bearer Covered Bonds) 
or, in the case of VP Systems Covered Bonds, uncertificated book entry form as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and, in the case of definitive Covered Bonds, serially 
numbered, in the Specified Currency and the Specified Denomination(s).  
3.2 
No Exchange: VP Systems Covered Bonds may not be exchanged for Bearer Covered Bonds and vice 
versa.  
The Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, Floating Rate Covered Bonds, Zero Coupon 
Covered Bonds or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in 
the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement.  
3.3 
Title to Covered Bond in definitive form: Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Covered Bonds 
and Coupons will pass by delivery. The Issuer and the Replacement Agent (as defined in the Agency 
Agreement) and any Paying Agent may deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Covered Bond or 
Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of 
ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes however, 
in the case of any global Covered Bond, without prejudice to the provisions set out in Condition 3.4 
(Title to Global Covered Bond). 
3.4 
Title to Global Covered Bond: For so long as any of the Covered Bonds is represented by a global 
Covered Bond held on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, each person (other than 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (as the case may be) as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such 
Covered Bonds (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by such clearing system as to 
the nominal amount of such Covered Bonds standing to the account of any person shall, save in the 
case of manifest error, be conclusive and binding for all purposes, including any form of statement or 
print out of electronic records provided by the relevant clearing system in accordance with its usual 
procedures and in which the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Covered Bonds is clearly 
identified together with the amount of such holding) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the 
Replacement Agent and any other Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Covered 
Bonds for all purposes other than (in the case only of Covered Bonds not being VP Systems Covered 
Bonds) with respect to the payment of principal or interest on the Covered Bonds, for which purpose, 
in the case of Covered Bonds represented by a global Covered Bond, the bearer of the relevant global 
Covered Bond shall be treated by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and any other Paying Agent as the holder 
of such Covered Bonds in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant global Covered

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
Bond and the expressions “Covered Bondholder” and “ Covered Bondholders” and related expressions 
shall be construed accordingly. 
3.5 
Title to VP Systems Covered Bonds: Title to the VP Systems Covered Bonds will pass by registration in 
the registers between the direct or indirect accountholders at VP or Euroclear Finland (as the case may 
be) in accordance with the rules and procedures of VP or Euroclear Finland (as the case may be). 
Where a nominee is so evidenced, it shall be treated by the Issuer as the holder of the relevant VP 
Systems Covered Bond. The holder of a VP Systems Covered Bond will be the person evidenced as 
such by a book entry in the records of VP or Euroclear Finland (as the case may be). 
4. 
Status of the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds constitute unsubordinated obligations issued in accordance with, and subject to, 
the Covered Bonds Act and rank pari passu among themselves and with all other obligations of the 
Issuer which benefit from the same priority right in the Issuer Cover Pool as the Covered Bonds under 
the Finnish Act on Priority over Creditors (Laki velkojien maksunsaantijärjestyksestä 1578/1992), as 
amended and the Covered Bonds Act. To the extent claims in relation to the Covered Bonds and other 
claims with the same priority are not met out of the Issuer Cover Pool or the proceeds arising from it, 
the residual claims will rank pari passu with the claims of ordinary unsecured and unsubordinated 
creditors of the Issuer. 
5. 
Interest 
5.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
5.1.1 
Interest: Each Fixed Rate Covered Bond bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. 
Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the 
Maturity Date. 
5.1.2 
Fixed Coupon Amount and Broken Amount: Except as provided in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, the amount of interest payable in respect of the Calculation Amount for any Interest 
Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount or the relevant Broken Amount, as the case may be. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Covered Bond is the Calculation Amount, the amount of 
interest payable in respect of such Covered Bond shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount or the 
relevant Broken Amount, as the case may be. Where the Specified Denomination of a Covered Bond 
comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such 
Covered Bond shall be the aggregate of the Fixed Coupon Amounts or the Broken Amounts, as the 
case may be, for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified Denomination. 
5.1.3 
Calculation of Interest Amount: If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than an Interest 
Period or if no Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount shall be calculated by 
applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product thereof by the 
applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant 
Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Covered Bond is the 
Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Covered Bond shall be the 
amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount. Where the Specified 
Denomination of a Covered Bond comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of such Covered Bond shall be the aggregate of the amounts (determined in the 
manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified Denomination, without 
any further rounding.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
5.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
5.2.1 
Interest: Each Floating Rate Covered Bond bears interest at the Rate(s) of Interest as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement on its outstanding nominal amount from (and including) 
the Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear for each Interest Period on 
either: 
(i) 
the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement; or 
(ii) 
if no Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, each date, which falls the number of months or other period specified as the 
Specified Period in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement after the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
5.2.2 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate(s) of 
Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or 
minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement) the Margin (if any). For the 
purposes of this Condition 5.2.2, “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating 
Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the 
Calculation Agent was acting as Calculation Agent (as such term is defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and 
under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement; and 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.2.2, “Floating Rate”, “Floating Rate Option”, “Designated 
Maturity” and “Reset Date” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
5.2.3 
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds for each Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the Reference 
Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date; 
(iii) 
if, in the case of Condition 5.2.3(i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the 
case of Condition 5.2.3(ii) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either 
case, the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, the Issuer or an agent on its behalf appointed at 
such time will: 
(a) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each the Reference Banks to 
provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre 
interbank market in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that 
market at that time; and 
(b) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
(iv) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the principal financial centre 
of the Specified Currency, selected by the Issuer or an agent on its behalf appointed at such 
time, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency) on the first day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to 
leading European banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that 
is representative for a single transaction in that market at that time,  
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the 
case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is 
unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above 
provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds 
during such Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the 
arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the Covered Bonds in respect of the last preceding 
Interest Period. 
5.2.4 
Reference Rate Replacement: 
If: 
(i) 
Reference Rate Replacement is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as 
being applicable and Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined; and 
(ii) 
notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 5.2.3 (Screen Rate Determination), the Issuer 
determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred when any Rate of Interest (or any component 
part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to the Original Reference Rate, 
then the following provisions shall apply to the relevant Series of Covered Bonds: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours, as soon as reasonably practicable, to appoint and 
consult with an Independent Adviser with a view to the Issuer determining (without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Covered Bondholders) (A) a Successor 
Reference Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate, for the purposes of 
determining the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) applicable to the 
Covered Bonds and (B) in either case, an Adjustment Spread;  
(b) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser prior to the relevant IA 
Determination Cut-Off Date, the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) may still determine (A) a Successor Reference Rate or, failing which, an Alternative 
Reference Rate and (B) in either case, an Adjustment Spread in accordance with this 
Condition 5.2.4. Without prejudice to the definitions thereof, for the purposes of determining 
any Successor Reference Rate, Alternative Reference Rate and/or any Adjustment Spread, the 
Issuer will take into account any relevant and applicable market precedents as well as any 
published guidance from relevant associations involved in the establishment of market 
standards and/or protocols in the international debt capital markets; 
(c) 
if a Successor Reference Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
is determined in accordance with paragraphs (a) and (b) above, such Successor Reference Rate 
or, failing which, Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) shall be the Reference Rate for 
all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided 
in, this Condition 5.2.4); 
(d) 
if the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if applicable) and acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that an Adjustment Spread is 
required to be applied to the relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
(as applicable) and determines the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, 
such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the relevant 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable). If the Issuer is unable 
to determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment 
Spread, then the relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread; 
(e) 
if the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if applicable) and acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines a Successor Reference Rate 
or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and/or an Adjustment Spread 
in accordance with the above provisions, the Issuer may (without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of the Covered Bondholders) also specify changes to these Conditions, 
the Agency Agreement and/or the Deed of Covenant in order to ensure the proper operation of 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate or any Adjustment Spread (as 
applicable), including, but not limited to (1) the Applicable Business Centre(s), Business Day, 
Business Day Convention, Day Count Fraction, Interest Determination Date, Reference 
Banks, Relevant Financial Centre, Relevant Screen Page and/or Relevant Time applicable to 
the Covered Bonds and (2) the method for determining the fallback to the Rate of Interest in 
relation to the Covered Bonds if such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable) is not available (such amendments, the “Reference Rate Replacement 
Amendments”). For the avoidance of doubt, the Fiscal Agent and any other agents party to 
the Agency Agreement shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer, effect such 
consequential amendments to the Agency Agreement and these Conditions as may be required 
in order to give effect to the application of this Condition 5.2.4. No consent shall be required 
from the Covered Bondholders in connection with determining or giving effect to the relevant 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate or any Adjustment Spread (as 
applicable) or such other changes, including for the execution of any documents or other steps 
to be taken by the Issuer and/or Fiscal Agent (if required or useful); and 
(f) 
the Issuer shall promptly, following the determination of any Successor Reference Rate, 
Alternative Reference Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (as applicable), give notice thereof to 
the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices), the Covered Bondholders. 
Such notice shall specify the effective date(s) for such Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), the Adjustment Spread (if any) and any 
consequential changes made to the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and these 
Conditions (if any). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5.2.4 shall act in good faith and (in the 
absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Fiscal Agent or the Covered 
Bondholders for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with any determination made by the 
Issuer pursuant to this Condition 5.2.4. 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under this Condition 5.2.4, the Rate of Interest for the 
next Interest Period shall be determined by reference to the fallback provisions of Condition 5.2.3 
(Screen Rate Determination) (i) if the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if 
applicable), is unable to or does not determine a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference 
Rate in accordance with this Condition 5.2.4, and (ii) where the Issuer determines a Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate, unless and until the Fiscal Agent has been notified of 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), the Adjustment Spread 
(if any) and any consequential changes made to the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and 
these Conditions (if any).  
5.2.5 
Linear Interpolation: Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest 
Period in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two 
rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement), one of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the 
case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by 
reference to such next shorter or (as the case may be) next longer rate as last determined. 
5.2.6 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, then the Rate of Interest shall in no 
event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
5.2.7 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amounts: The Calculation Agent will at 
or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the 
Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period and will calculate the amount of interest (the “Interest 
Amount”) payable per Covered Bond in respect of the Floating Rate Covered Bonds for the relevant 
Interest Period. The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Floating Rate 
Covered Bond for any Interest Period shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the 
Calculation Amount, multiplying the product thereof by the applicable Day Count Fraction for such 
Interest Period, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified 
Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable 
market convention. In respect of any other period for which interest is required to be calculated, the 
provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for which interest 
is required to be calculated. Where the Specified Denomination of a Covered Bond is the Calculation 
Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Covered Bond shall be the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount. Where the Specified 
Denomination of a Covered Bond comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of such Covered Bond shall be the aggregate of the amounts (determined in the 
manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified Denomination, without 
any further rounding. 
5.2.8 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts: The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of 
Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be 
notified to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, each of the other Paying Agents, the Covered Bondholders and 
any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Covered Bonds are for the time being listed 
and, in the case of VP Systems Covered Bonds, VP or Euroclear Finland (as the case may be) and the 
relevant VP Systems Agent (by no later than the first day of each Interest Period) and notice thereof to 
be published in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination. 
Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of 
an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to 
each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Covered Bonds have been admitted to listing 
or trading are for the time being listed and to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 
12 (Notices). 
5.2.9 
Certificates to be Final: All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, 
quotations, notifications and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the 
provisions of this Condition 5, by the Calculation Agent or, in the circumstances described below, the 
Issuer, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Fiscal Agent, the other Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent (if applicable) and all Covered 
Bondholders and Couponholders and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Covered 
Bondholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Calculation Agent or, if applicable, the Issuer in

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such 
provisions. 
5.3 
Accrual of Interest: Subject as provided in Condition 5.4 (Interest Payments up to the Statutory 
Extended Maturity Date), each Covered Bond (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a 
Covered Bond, that part only of such Covered Bond) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date of 
its redemption unless, upon due presentation thereof, payment of principal is improperly withheld or 
refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue in accordance with these Conditions. 
5.4 
Interest Payments up to the Statutory Extended Maturity Date: Subject to any conditions or 
requirements prescribed by the Covered Bonds Act from time to time, if Statutory Extended Maturity is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as applying to a Series of Covered Bonds 
and the maturity of those Covered Bonds is extended beyond the Maturity Date in accordance with 
Condition 7.9 (Extension of Maturity Date): 
(i) 
the Covered Bonds shall bear interest from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but 
excluding) the Statutory Extended Maturity Date or, if the Covered Bonds are redeemed prior 
to the Statutory Extended Maturity Date, the Interest Payment Date on which they are 
redeemed, subject to Condition 5.3 (Accrual of Interest). In that event, interest shall be 
payable on those Covered Bonds at the rate determined in accordance with Condition 5.4(ii) 
on the principal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds on each Interest Payment Date 
after the Maturity Date in respect of the Interest Period ending immediately prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date, subject as otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement. The final Interest Payment Date shall fall no later than the Statutory 
Extended Maturity Date; 
(ii) 
the rate of interest payable from time to time under Condition 5.4(i) will be as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and, where applicable, determined by the 
Calculation Agent so specified, three Business Days after the Maturity Date in respect of the 
first such Interest Period and thereafter as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Covered Bonds which are Zero Coupon Covered Bonds, for the purposes of this 
Condition 5.4, the principal amount outstanding shall be the total amount otherwise payable 
by the Issuer on the Maturity Date less any payments made by the Issuer in respect of such 
amount in accordance with these Conditions. 
6. 
Payments 
6.1 
Method of Payment: Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account denominated in that currency and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the 
Applicable Financial Centre of that currency; and 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
All payments in respect of the Covered Bonds are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or 
other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 
8 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any 
official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation)) any 
law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. References to “Specified Currency” will 
include any successor currency under applicable law.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
6.2 
Presentation of Covered Bonds and Coupons: 
6.2.1 
Covered Bonds: Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Covered Bonds will (subject as 
provided below) be made in the manner provided in Condition 6.1 (Method of Payment) above only 
against presentation and surrender (or in the case of part payment of any sum due only, endorsement) 
of definitive Bearer Covered Bonds, and payments of interest in respect of definitive Bearer Covered 
Bonds will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender 
(or in the case of part payment of any sum due only, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the 
Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, 
means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia, its territories, 
its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)). 
6.2.2 
Coupons for Fixed Rate Covered Bonds: Fixed Rate Covered Bonds in definitive bearer form (other 
than Long Maturity Covered Bonds (as defined below)) should be presented for payment together with 
all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons 
falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing 
unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the 
amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted 
from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner 
mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of ten 
years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)) in respect of such principal 
(whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 9 (Prescription)) or, 
if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no 
event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Covered Bond in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its 
Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further 
Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
6.2.3 
Coupons for Floating Rate or Long Maturity Covered Bonds: Upon the date on which any Floating 
Rate Covered Bond or Long Maturity Covered Bond in definitive bearer form becomes due and 
repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall 
become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in 
respect thereof. A “Long Maturity Covered Bond” is a Fixed Rate Covered Bond (other than a Fixed 
Rate Covered Bond which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than 
the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Covered Bond shall cease to be a Long 
Maturity Covered Bond on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest 
remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such Covered Bond. 
6.2.4 
Payments other than in respect of Matured Coupons: If the due date for redemption of any definitive 
Bearer Covered Bond is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) accrued in respect of such 
definitive Bearer Covered Bond from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant 
definitive Bearer Covered Bond. 
6.2.5 
Global Covered Bonds: Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Covered Bonds 
represented by any global Covered Bond will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner 
specified above in relation to definitive Bearer Covered Bonds and otherwise in the manner specified in 
the relevant global Covered Bond against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such global 
Covered Bond at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each 
payment made against presentation or surrender of such global Covered Bond, distinguishing between 
any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made on such global Covered Bond by 
such Paying Agent and such record shall be prima facie evidence that the payment in question has been 
made. 
6.2.6 
Entitlement to Payment in respect of global Covered Bonds: The holder of a global Covered Bond shall 
be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Covered Bonds represented by such global

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
Covered Bond and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such 
global Covered Bond in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of 
Covered Bonds represented by such global Covered Bond must look solely to Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg for its share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the 
holder of such global Covered Bond.  
6.2.7 
Payments in New York City: Notwithstanding Condition 6.2.6 (Entitlement to Payment in respect of 
global Covered Bonds), if any amount of principal and/or interest in respect of Bearer Covered Bonds 
is payable in U.S. Dollars, such U.S. Dollar payments of principal and/or interest in respect of such 
Bearer Covered Bonds will be made at the Specified Office of a Paying Agent in the United States if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with Specified Offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. 
Dollars at such Specified Offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and 
interest on the Covered Bonds in the manner provided above when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such Specified Offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. Dollars; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
6.2.8 
VP Systems Covered Bonds: Payments of principal and interest in respect of VP Systems Covered 
Bonds will be made to the Covered Bondholders shown in the relevant records of VP or Euroclear 
Finland (as the case may be) in accordance with and subject to the rules and regulations from time to 
time governing VP or Euroclear Finland (as the case may be). 
6.3 
Payment Date: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Covered Bond or Coupon is 
not a Payment Business Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next 
following Payment Business Day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or 
other payment in respect of such delay. 
6.4 
Exchange of Talons: On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in 
any Coupon sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at 
the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon 
sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final 
date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Covered Bond to which it appertains) a further 
Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 9 (Prescription). 
7. 
Redemption and Purchase 
7.1 
Scheduled Redemption: Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, 
each Covered Bond will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in, or 
determined in the manner specified in, the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in the relevant 
Specified Currency on the Maturity Date, subject as provided below if Statutory Extended Maturity is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
7.2 
Redemption for Tax Reasons: The Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in 
whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Covered Bond is not a Floating Rate Covered Bond) or on 
any Interest Payment Date (if this Covered Bond is a Floating Rate Covered Bond), on giving no less 
than thirty nor more than sixty days’ notice to the Fiscal Agent (and, in the case of VP Systems 
Covered Bonds, to the relevant VP Systems Agent) and, in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices), to 
the Covered Bondholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if:

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
(i) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Covered Bonds, the Issuer has or will 
become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8 (Taxation) 
as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Finland or any 
political subdivision or any authority thereof or any authority or agency therein having power 
to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, 
which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the Covered Bonds; and 
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than ninety days prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds then due. Covered Bonds redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7.2 will be 
redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 7.5 (Early Redemption Amounts) 
below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
7.3 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Call Option): If the Call Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, the Issuer shall, having given not less than the minimum period 
nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) (which notices 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the 
Covered Bonds then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call). Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less 
than the Minimum Redemption Amount or not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount in each 
case as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. In the case of a partial 
redemption of Covered Bonds, the Covered Bonds to be redeemed (“Redeemed Covered Bonds”) will 
be (i) selected individually by lot without involving any part only of a Bearer Covered Bond, in the 
case of Redeemed Covered Bonds represented by definitive Covered Bonds; (ii) selected in accordance 
with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their 
discretion), as the case may be, in the case of Redeemed Covered Bonds represented by a global 
Covered Bond and (iii) selected in accordance with the rules of VP or Euroclear Finland (as the case 
may be) in the case of VP Systems Covered Bonds, in each case not more than thirty days prior to the 
date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the “Selection Date”). In the 
case of Redeemed Covered Bonds represented by definitive Covered Bonds, a list of the serial numbers 
of such Redeemed Covered Bonds will be published in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) not less 
than fifteen days prior to the date fixed for redemption. The aggregate nominal amount of Redeemed 
Covered Bonds represented by definitive Covered Bonds shall be (so far as may be practicable) pro 
rata to their principal amounts, provided always that the amount redeemed in respect of each Covered 
Bond shall be equal to the minimum denomination thereof or an integral multiple thereof, subject 
always to compliance with all applicable laws and the requirements of any listing authority, stock 
exchange or quotation systems on which the Covered Bonds may be listed, traded or quoted. No 
exchange of the relevant global Covered Bond will be permitted during the period from (and including) 
the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition 7.3 and 
notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with 
Condition 12 (Notices) at least five days prior to the Selection Date. 
7.4 
Redemption at the Option of the Covered Bondholders (Put Option): If the Put Option is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, upon the holder of any Covered Bond giving to the 
Issuer in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) not less than the minimum nor more than the 
maximum period of notice specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, the Issuer will, 
upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, in whole (but not in part), such Covered Bond on the Optional

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
Redemption Date (Put) and at the Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together, if appropriate, with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date (Put). 
If the Covered Bond is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(as the case may be) to exercise the right to require redemption of this Covered Bond, the Covered 
Bondholder must deliver such Covered Bond at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent at any time 
during normal business hours of such Paying Agent falling within the notice period, accompanied by a 
duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from 
any Specified Office of any Paying Agent (a “Put Option Notice”) and in which the holder must 
specify a bank account (or, if payment is by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under 
this Condition 7. 
If the Covered Bond is represented by a global Covered Bond or is a Covered Bond in definitive form 
and held through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require 
redemption of this Covered Bond, the Covered Bondholder must, within the notice period, give notice 
to the Fiscal Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (as the case may be) (which may include notice being given on its 
instruction by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary for them to the 
Fiscal Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(as the case may be), from time to time and, if this Covered Bond is represented by a global Covered 
Bond in bearer form, at the same time present or procure the presentation of the relevant global 
Covered Bond to the Fiscal Agent for notation accordingly. 
If the Covered Bond is a VP Systems Covered Bond, to exercise the right to require redemption of the 
VP Systems Covered Bonds, the holder of the VP Systems Covered Bonds, must, within the notice 
period, give notice to the relevant VP Systems Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard 
procedures of VP or Euroclear Finland (as the case may be) from time to time. 
Any Put Option Notice given by any Covered Bondholder shall be irrevocable. 
7.5 
Early Redemption Amounts: For the purpose of Condition 7.2 (Redemption for Tax Reasons) above, the 
relevant Series of Covered Bonds will be redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount as follows: 
(i) 
at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with accrued interest (if any) thereon; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Zero Coupon Covered Bonds, at an amount equal to the sum of (A) the 
Reference Price; and (B) the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being 
applied to the Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Covered Bond becomes 
due and payable; provided that, where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not 
a whole number of years, the calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall 
be made on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement for the purposes of this Condition 7.5 or, if none is so specified, 
a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360; or 
(iii) 
on such other calculation basis as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement. 
7.6 
Purchases: The Issuer, or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase beneficially or procure 
others to purchase beneficially for its account Covered Bonds (provided that, in the case of definitive 
Bearer Covered Bonds, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased 
therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Covered Bonds purchased by or on 
behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may be held, reissued, resold or surrendered to any 
Paying Agent for cancellation. 
7.7 
Cancellation: All Covered Bonds which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with, in the 
case of definitive Bearer Covered Bonds, all unmatured Coupons attached thereto or surrendered

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
therewith at the time of redemption). The details of all Covered Bonds so cancelled and any Covered 
Bonds purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 7.6 (Purchases) (together, in the case of 
definitive Bearer Covered Bonds, with all unmatured Coupons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded 
to the Fiscal Agent and, in the case of VP Systems Covered Bonds, shall be deleted from the records of 
VP or Euroclear Finland (as the case may be) and cannot be reissued or resold. 
7.8 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Covered Bonds: If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon 
Covered Bond upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Covered Bond pursuant to Conditions 7.1 
(Scheduled Redemption), 7.2 (Redemption for Tax Reasons), 7.3 (Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer (Call Option)) or 7.4 (Redemption at the Option of the Covered Bondholders (Put Option)) 
above is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon 
Covered Bond shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 7.5(ii) above as though the 
references therein to the date fixed for the redemption were replaced by references to the date which is 
the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Covered Bond have been 
paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds has been received by the Fiscal Agent and notice to that effect 
has been given to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices). 
7.9 
Statutory Extension of Maturity: 
(i) 
Statutory Extension: If Statutory Extended Maturity is specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement as applying to a Series of Covered Bonds and the Issuer has received 
approval from the FIN-FSA to extend the maturity of the Covered Bonds (a “Statutory 
Maturity Extension Approval”), the maturity of the outstanding Covered Bonds and the date 
on which such Covered Bonds will be due and repayable for the purposes of these Conditions 
will be extended up to but no later than the Statutory Extended Maturity Date, subject as 
otherwise provided for in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement.  
The granting by the FIN-FSA of a Statutory Maturity Extension Approval is subject to any 
relevant conditions and requirements prescribed by the Covered Bonds Act from time to time 
(as at 5 September 2022, (A) the Issuer must apply to the FIN-FSA for the relevant Statutory 
Maturity Extension Approval no later than five Business Days prior to the Maturity Date and 
(B) the FIN-FSA will only grant the relevant Statutory Maturity Extension Approval if the 
following conditions are satisfied: 
(1) 
the Issuer is unable to procure financing from customary sources of long-term 
financing; 
(2) 
the Issuer is unable to pay the principal and interest of such Covered Bonds without a 
failure to maintain the liquidity coverage ratio of the Issuer; and 
(3) 
the extension does not affect the original order of maturity of the maturity dates of the 
covered bonds covered by the Issuer Cover Pool). 
If a Statutory Maturity Extension Approval is obtained by the Issuer in respect of a Series of 
Covered Bonds, the Issuer shall give notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) to the Covered 
Bondholders (in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices)) and the Paying Agents at least five 
Business Days prior to the Maturity Date or, in the event that the relevant Statutory Maturity 
Extension Approval is obtained by the Issuer later than five Business Days prior to the 
Maturity Date, no later than the Business Day following receipt by the Issuer of the relevant 
Statutory Maturity Extension Approval.  
Subject to any conditions or requirements prescribed by the Covered Bonds Act from time to 
time, in the event that the maturity is extended, the Issuer may redeem all or any part of the

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
principal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds on any Interest Payment Date falling after 
the Maturity Date up to and including the Statutory Extended Maturity Date or as otherwise 
provided for in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. If the Maturity Date is 
extended in accordance with this Condition 7.9, the Issuer shall give notice to the Covered 
Bondholders (in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices)) and the Paying Agents of its 
intention to redeem all or any of the principal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds at 
least five Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date.  
Any failure by the Issuer to notify the Covered Bondholders and the Paying Agents pursuant 
to this Condition 7.9 shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of any Statutory Maturity 
Extension Approval or, as the case may be, any redemption by the Issuer on the relevant 
Interest Payment Date, or give rise to rights to any such person. 
(ii) 
Zero Coupon Bonds: In the case of Covered Bonds which are Zero Coupon Covered Bonds to 
which Statutory Extended Maturity is specified under the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, for the purposes of this Condition 7.9 the principal amount outstanding shall be 
the total amount otherwise payable by the Issuer on the Maturity Date less any payments made 
by the Issuer in respect of such amount in accordance with these Conditions. 
(iii) 
Extension Irrevocable: Any extension of the maturity of Covered Bonds under this Condition 
7.9 shall be irrevocable. Where this Condition 7.9 applies, any failure to redeem the Covered 
Bonds on the Maturity Date or any extension of the maturity of Covered Bonds under this 
Condition 7.9 shall not constitute an event of default or acceleration of payment for any 
purpose or give any Covered Bondholder any right to receive any payment of interest, 
principal or otherwise on the relevant Covered Bonds other than as expressly set out in these 
Conditions. 
(iv) 
Payments: In the event of the extension of the maturity of Covered Bonds under this 
Condition 7.9, Interest Rates, Interest Periods and Interest Payment Dates on the Covered 
Bonds from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Statutory Extended 
Maturity Date shall be determined and made in accordance with the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement and Condition 5.4 (Interest Payments up to the Statutory Extended 
Maturity Date). 
(v) 
Partial Redemption after Maturity Date:  
In the case of any partial redemption of the Covered Bonds, the Covered Bonds to be 
redeemed (the “Extension Period Redeemed Covered Bonds”) will be: 
(a) 
in the case of Extension Period Redeemed Covered Bonds represented by definitive 
Covered Bonds, selected individually by lot without involving any part only of a 
Bearer Covered Bond; 
(b) 
in the case of Extension Period Redeemed Covered Bonds represented by a global 
Covered Bond, selected in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at 
their discretion); and 
(c) 
in the case of Extension Period Redeemed Covered Bonds which are VP Systems 
Covered Bonds, selected in accordance with the standard procedures of VP or 
Euroclear Finland (as the case may be), 
in any such case, not more than four days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of 
selection being hereinafter called the “Extension Period Selection Date”). 
In the case of Extension Period Redeemed Covered Bonds represented by definitive Covered 
Bonds, a list of the serial numbers of such Extension Period Redeemed Covered Bonds will be 
published in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) not less than three days prior to the date

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
fixed for redemption. No exchange of the relevant global Covered Bond will be permitted 
during the period from (and including) the Extension Period Selection Date to (and including) 
the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition 7.9 and notice to that effect shall be 
given by the Issuer to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) at 
least two days prior to the Extension Period Selection Date. 
(vi) 
Restriction on Further Issues: If the maturity of any Covered Bonds is extended up to the 
Statutory Extended Maturity Date in accordance with this Condition 7.9, subject as otherwise 
provided for in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, for so long as any of those 
Covered Bonds remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not issue any further Covered Bonds, 
unless the proceeds of issue of such further Covered Bonds are applied by the Issuer on issue 
to redeem in whole or in part the relevant Covered Bonds in accordance with the terms hereof. 
8. 
Taxation 
8.1 
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds and Coupons by or on 
behalf of the Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or 
future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or 
on behalf of Finland or any political subdivision or any authority or agency thereof or therein having 
power to tax unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer will pay 
such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of 
the Covered Bonds or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts 
of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Covered Bonds 
or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction, except that no such 
additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Covered Bond or Coupon: 
(i) 
in respect of any demand made for payment in Finland; or 
(ii) 
in respect of any demand made for payment by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for such 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Covered Bond or 
Coupon by reason of it having some connection with Finland other than the mere holding of 
such Covered Bond or Coupon; or 
(iii) 
held by, or on behalf of, a Covered Bondholder who would not be liable or subject to the 
withholding or deduction by making a declaration of non residence or other similar claim for 
exemption to the relevant tax authority; or 
(iv) 
in respect of any demand made for payment more than thirty days after the Relevant Date (as 
defined below) except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an 
additional amount on making such demand for payment on or before the expiry of such period 
of thirty days; or 
(v) 
in respect of any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder or any official interpretations thereof. 
As used herein, the “Relevant Date” means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Fiscal Agent or, in the 
case of VP Systems Covered Bonds, the holders of the VP Systems Covered Bonds, as the case may 
be, on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having 
been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with 
Condition 12 (Notices). 
8.2 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than 
Finland, references in these Conditions to Finland shall be construed as references to Finland and/or 
such other jurisdiction.

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
9. 
Prescription 
The Covered Bonds (whether in bearer or uncertificated book entry form) and Coupons will become 
void unless presented for payment within a period of ten years (in the case of principal) and five years 
(in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)). 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim 
for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 6.2 
(Presentation of Covered Bonds and Coupons) or any Talon which would be void pursuant to 
Condition 6.2 (Presentation of Covered Bonds and Coupons). 
10. 
Replacement of Covered Bonds, Coupons and Talons 
If any Covered Bond, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the Specified Office of the Replacement Agent upon payment by the claimant of such costs 
and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and 
indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Covered Bonds, Coupons or 
Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
11. 
Agents 
11.1 
Fiscal Agent, Paying Agents and VP Systems Agents: The names of the initial Fiscal Agent, other 
Paying Agents and VP Systems Agents and their initial Specified Offices are set out in the Agency 
Agreement or the VP Systems Agreement, as applicable. 
11.2 
Variation of Appointment: The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying 
Agent, any VP Systems Agent or any Calculation Agent and/or appoint additional or other Paying 
Agents, VP Systems Agents or Calculation Agents and/or approve any change in the Specified Office 
through which any Paying Agent, VP Systems Agent or Calculation Agent acts, provided that: 
(i) 
so long as the Covered Bonds are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any 
other relevant authority there will at all times be a Paying Agent (which may be the Fiscal 
Agent) with a Specified Office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations 
of such stock exchange or other relevant authority; 
(ii) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent (which may be the Fiscal Agent) with a Specified 
Office in a city in continental Europe outside Finland; 
(iii) 
there will at all times be a Fiscal Agent; 
(iv) 
in the case of VP Systems Covered Bonds, there will at all times be a VP Systems Agent 
authorised to act as an account holding institution with VP or Euroclear Finland (as the case 
may be) and one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Terms and Conditions of the 
relevant VP Systems Covered Bonds so require; and 
(v) 
in the circumstances described in Condition 6.2.7 (Payments in New York City), a Paying 
Agent having a Specified Office in New York City. 
Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of 
insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than thirty nor more than forty-five 
days’ prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with 
Condition 12 (Notices). 
11.3 
Agents of the Issuer: In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of 
the Issuer and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Covered 
Bondholders or Couponholders. The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into 
which any Paying Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers 
all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor paying agent.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
12. 
Notices 
12.1 
Bearer Covered Bonds: Notices to Bearer Covered Bondholders will be deemed to be validly given if 
published in a leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe, and, if 
such Covered Bonds are listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin (so long as such Covered Bonds are listed on the Official List of 
Euronext Dublin and the rules of that exchange so permit), if published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin (https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin). 
The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules 
of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Bearer Covered Bonds are for the time 
being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading. 
Any notice so given will be deemed to have been validly given, in the case of any Bearer Covered 
Bonds, on the date of first such publication (or, if required to be published in more than one newspaper, 
on the first date on which publication shall have been made in all the required newspapers). 
Couponholders will be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to 
Covered Bondholders in accordance with this Condition 12 (Notices). 
Notwithstanding Condition 12 (Notices), while all the Covered Bonds are represented by one or more 
global Covered Bonds and such global Covered Bonds are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, notices to Covered 
Bondholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system for communication by them to the persons 
shown in their respective records as having interests therein and, in any case, such notices shall be 
deemed to have been given to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) on 
the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system. 
12.2 
VP Systems Covered Bonds: Notices to VP Systems Covered Bondholders shall be given (i) in 
accordance with the procedures of VP or Euroclear Finland (as the case may be) and (ii) if such VP 
Systems Covered Bonds are listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the regulated market 
of Euronext Dublin (so long as such VP Systems Covered Bonds are listed on the Official List of 
Euronext Dublin and the rules of that exchange so permit), if published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin (https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin).  
The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules 
of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the VP Systems Covered Bonds are for the 
time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading. 
Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date it is published in accordance with the 
procedures of VP or Euroclear Finland (as the case may be). 
13. 
Meetings of Covered Bondholders 
13.1 
Meetings of Covered Bondholders other than VP Systems Covered Bondholders: This Condition 13.1 is 
applicable only in relation to Covered Bonds other than VP System Covered Bonds. The Agency 
Agreement contains provisions (which shall have effect as if incorporated herein) for convening 
meetings of Covered Bondholders of any Series (other than VP Systems Covered Bonds) to consider 
matters relating to such Series of Covered Bonds, including (without limitation) the modification by 
Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of any provision of these Conditions 
and the Deed of Covenant insofar as the same may apply to such Covered Bonds. Any Extraordinary 
Resolution duly passed at any such meeting of Covered Bondholders of any Series will be binding on 
all Covered Bondholders of such Series, whether present or not at the meeting and on all 
Couponholders relating to Covered Bonds of such Series.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Covered Bondholders who for the time 
being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Covered Bondholders will take effect as if it were an 
Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several 
documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Covered Bondholders. 
13.2 
Modification of Covered Bonds other than VP Systems Covered Bonds: This Condition 13.2 is 
applicable only in relation to Covered Bonds other than VP Systems Covered Bonds. The Issuer may, 
with the consent of the Fiscal Agent, amend the Covered Bonds, these Conditions and the Deed of 
Covenant without the consent of the Covered Bondholders or Couponholders to correct a manifest 
error. Subject as aforesaid, no other modification may be made to these Conditions or the Deed of 
Covenant except with the sanction of an Extraordinary Resolution. 
13.3 
Meeting of VP Systems Covered Bondholders: This Condition 13.3 is applicable only in relation to VP 
Systems Covered Bonds. Meetings of VP Systems Covered Bondholders shall be held in compliance 
with the relevant regulations of VP or Euroclear Finland (as the case may be).  
13.4 
Modification of VP Systems Covered Bonds: This Condition 13.4 is applicable only in relation to VP 
Systems Covered Bonds. The Issuer may amend the Covered Bonds and these Conditions without the 
consent of the Covered Bondholders to correct a manifest error. Subject as aforesaid, no other 
modification may be made to these Conditions except as provided below. 
In addition, the Covered Bonds and these Conditions may be modified by a resolution in writing signed 
by or on behalf of all Covered Bondholders or pursuant to a meeting of VP Systems Covered 
Bondholders in accordance with Condition 13.3 above (Meeting of VP Systems Covered Bondholders) 
above. 
14. 
Further Issues 
Subject to Condition 7.9 (Statutory Extension of Maturity), the Issuer shall be at liberty from time to 
time without the consent of the Covered Bondholders or Couponholders to create and issue further 
covered bonds (“Further Covered Bonds”) having terms and conditions the same as the Covered 
Bonds or the same in all respects save for the amount, the date of the first payment of interest, if any, 
thereon and/or the issue price thereof so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series 
with the outstanding Covered Bonds. 
15. 
Governing law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
15.1 
Governing Law: The Agency Agreement, the Covered Bonds, the VP Systems Covered Bonds and the 
Coupons and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed by, 
and shall be construed in accordance with, English law except that the provisions of the Covered Bonds 
under Condition 4 (Status of the Covered Bonds) shall be construed in accordance with Finnish law and 
regulations. In the case of registration of the Covered Bonds in VP and Euroclear Finland, these shall 
be governed by Danish and Finnish laws and regulations, respectively.  
15.2 
Submission to Jurisdiction: The Issuer agrees, for the exclusive benefit of the Paying Agents, the 
Covered Bondholders and the Couponholders that the courts of England are to have jurisdiction to 
settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Covered 
Bonds and/or the Coupons and that accordingly, any suit, action or proceedings (together referred to as 
“Proceedings”) arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Covered Bonds and 
the Coupons may be brought in such courts.  
15.3 
Waiver of Objection: The Issuer hereby irrevocably waives any objection which it may have now or 
hereafter to the laying of the venue of any such Proceedings in any such court and any claim that any 
such Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum and hereby further irrevocably agrees

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
that a judgment in any such Proceedings brought in the courts of England shall be conclusive and 
binding upon it and may be enforced in the courts of any other jurisdiction. 
15.4 
No limitation of Rights: Nothing contained in this Condition shall limit any right to take Proceedings 
against the Issuer in any other court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in 
one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction, whether 
concurrently or not. 
15.5 
Appointment of English Process Agent: The Issuer appoints Danske Bank A/S at its registered office 
for the time being at 75 King William Street, London EC4N 7DT (any correspondence to be addressed 
to the “Legal Department”) as its agent for service of process, and undertakes that, in the event of 
Danske Bank A/S ceasing so to act or ceasing to be registered in England, it will appoint another 
person approved by the Fiscal Agent as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any 
Proceedings. 
15.6 
Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other manner permitted by law. 
16. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any Term or Condition of the Covered Bonds under the 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.

--- Page 75 ---
Non-exempt Final Terms 
 
 
75 
 
 
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS FOR COVERED BONDS OTHER THAN EXEMPT 
COVERED BONDS  
Pro Forma Final Terms for an issue of Covered Bonds other than Exempt Covered Bonds by Danske 
Mortgage Bank Plc under the EUR 10,000,000,000 Programme for Issuance of Covered Bonds. 
 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is 
eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [MiFID II/Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended) (“MiFID II”)]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. [Details of any negative target market to be included if applicable]. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a “distributor”) should take 
into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is only 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Details of any negative target market to be 
included if applicable]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[MiFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered 
Bonds is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended) (“MiFID II”); EITHER [(ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate[, 
including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all 
channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the 
following channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to retail clients are appropriate – investment 
advice[,/and] portfolio management[,/ and][non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject to the 
distributor’s (as defined below) suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered 
Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].] 
 [UK MiFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties 
target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Covered Bonds is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms

--- Page 76 ---
Non-exempt Final Terms 
 
 
76 
 
 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”), and eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(“UK MiFIR”); EITHER [(ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate[, including 
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels 
for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following 
channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to retail clients are appropriate – investment advice[,/and] 
portfolio management[,/ and][non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s (as 
defined below) suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative 
target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to 
the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA RETAIL INVESTORS – The 
Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) 
of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (“MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the 
“PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the European Economic Area has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation.][Include unless the Final Terms specifies “Prohibition of Sales to European 
Economic Area Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) 
for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the United 
Kingdom has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.][Include unless the Final Terms specifies “Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”] 
[Amounts payable under the Covered Bonds will be calculated by reference to [EURIBOR / EONIA] which is 
provided by [legal name of the benchmark administrator]. As at the date of these Final Terms, [legal name of 
the benchmark administrator] [appears/does not appear] on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011. 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [EURIBOR / EONIA] [does not fall within the scope of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 (the “Benchmarks Regulation”) by virtue of Article 2 of that regulation/the transitional provisions

--- Page 77 ---
Non-exempt Final Terms 
 
 
77 
 
 
in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply] such that [legal name of the benchmark administrator] is not 
currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the EU, recognition, endorsement 
or equivalence).]]  
FINAL TERMS DATED [●] 
Series No. [●] 
Tranche No. [●] 
DANSKE MORTGAGE BANK PLC 
EUR 10,000,000,000 
Programme for Issuance of Covered Bonds 
Issue of 
[Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Covered Bonds] 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
(the “Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 5 September 2022 [and the Prospectus Supplement 
No. [●] dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Covered Bonds described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction 
with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus is available for 
viewing at, and copies may be obtained from, the website of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext 
Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) at https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin for a period of 12 months 
following the date of the Base Prospectus [(dated 5 September 2022)]. The Final Terms are available for 
viewing at the website of Euronext Dublin at https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin. 
 [Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
subparagraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
[When completing any Final Terms, consideration should be given as to whether any information 
required to complete the Final Terms constitutes “significant new factors” and consequently triggers the need 
for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
(iii) 
Date on which the Covered Bonds 
will be consolidated and form a 
single Series: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Covered Bonds will be 
consolidated and form a single Series with [identify 
earlier Tranche(s)] on [the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Covered Bond for interests in the 
Permanent Global Covered Bond, as referred to in 
paragraph [●] below, which is expected to occur on or 
about [date].] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[[●]] 
(i) 
[[Series:] 
[●] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●]]1 
                                                     
1 
Only need subsections if issue is an increase.

--- Page 78 ---
Non-exempt Final Terms 
 
 
78 
 
 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [(plus 
[amount] accrued interest from [insert date]) (if 
applicable)] 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
 
 
[●] [and integral multiples of [EUR 1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [EUR 199,000]. [No 
Definitive Covered Bonds will be issued with a 
denomination above [EUR 199,000].]] 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
 
[●] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. 
If more than one Specified Denomination, insert the 
highest common factor. Note: There must be a 
common factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
 
[●] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[●] 
7. 
(i) 
Maturity Date: 
 
 
[specify date][, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention][(NB: include 
adjustment wording for Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds)] 
(ii) 
Statutory Extended Maturity: 
 
Statutory Extended Maturity Date: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining section of this 
subparagraph) 
The Statutory Extended Maturity Date is, subject to 
the Statutory Maturity Extension Approval, [specify 
date][, and further subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention]. [(NB: include 
adjustment wording for Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds)] 
[If applicable, complete relevant sections regarding 
interest, etc.] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate][from (and including) the 
Issue Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date] 
[Thereafter] [[T/t]he relevant [currency] EURIBOR / 
EONIA] Floating Rate specified in paragraph 13 (vii) 
[plus/minus] the relevant Margin 
specified in 
paragraph 13 (x)] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below at paragraph [12] 
[13] [14]) 
9. 
Redemption Basis: 
 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption [,or, if, applicable, as described in 
Condition 7.9], the Covered Bonds will be redeemed 
on the Maturity Date at 100.00 per cent. of their 
nominal amount.

--- Page 79 ---
Non-exempt Final Terms 
 
 
79 
 
 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
 
[Not Applicable/cross refer to paragraph 8 above or 
paragraphs 12 and 13 below] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
 
 
[Call Option/Put Option/Not Applicable] 
[(see paragraphs 15 and 16 below)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
12. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bond Provisions 
 
[Applicable [until the Maturity Date]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
 
[●] per cent. per annum payable [annually/semi-
annually/ quarterly/monthly] in arrear 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
 
[Not Applicable]/[[●] per Calculation Amount payable 
on [●]] (Insert particulars of any initial or final broken 
interest amounts which do not correspond with the 
Fixed Coupon Amount[s])  
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual ([ICMA]/ISDA)] 
13. 
Floating Rate Covered Bond Provisions 
 
[Applicable [if the maturity of the Covered Bonds is 
extended in accordance with Condition 7.9]/Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
(Specified Period and Interest Payment Dates are 
alternatives. A Specified Period, rather than Interest 
Payment Dates, will only be relevant if the Business 
Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention. Otherwise, 
insert “Not Applicable”) 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
(Specified Period and Interest Payment Dates are 
alternatives. If the Business Day Convention is the 
FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention, insert “Not Applicable”) 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(iv) 
Applicable Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/insert Applicable Business Centres] 
(v) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(vi) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
[●]

--- Page 80 ---
Non-exempt Final Terms 
 
 
80 
 
 
Amount(s): 
 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
־ 
Reference Rate: 
[●] month [[currency] EURIBOR / EONIA] 
־ 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
־ 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
־ 
Relevant Time: 
[●] in the Relevant Financial Centre 
־ 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[London/Brussels] 
־ 
Reference Banks: 
[●] 
־ 
Reference Rate Replacement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
־ 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
־ 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
־ 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
־ 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
(ix) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable – the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using linear interpolation in accordance 
with Condition [5.2.5] (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
(x) 
Margin(s): 
[Plus/Minus][●] per cent. per annum 
(xi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable/[●] per cent. per annum] 
(xii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable/[●] per cent. per annum] 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[●] 
14. 
Zero Coupon Covered Bond Provisions 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
15. 
Call Option 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) (Call): 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
[●] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 81 ---
Non-exempt Final Terms 
 
 
81 
 
 
(Call) of each Covered Bond: 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
(b) Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
(iv) 
Notice periods: 
[Minimum period: [●] days 
Maximum period: [●] days] 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Fiscal Agent) 
16. 
Put Option 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) (Put): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
Notice periods: 
[Minimum period: [●] days 
Maximum period: [●] days] 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days’ notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Fiscal Agent) 
17. 
Final Redemption Amount 
 
 
[Outstanding Principal Amount/[] per Calculation 
Amount] 
18. 
Early Redemption Amount [(Tax)] or 
Early Termination Amount 
 
Early Redemption Amount [(Tax)] or Early 
Termination 
Amount 
or 
other 
early 
redemption: 
 
[As set out in the Conditions] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS 
19. 
Form of Covered Bonds: 
[Bearer Covered Bonds] [Initially represented by a

--- Page 82 ---
Non-exempt Final Terms 
 
 
82 
 
 
[Temporary/Permanent] 
Global 
Covered 
Bond.] 
[Specify. If nothing is specified and these Final Terms 
do not specify that TEFRA C Rules apply, the Covered 
Bonds will be represented initially by a Temporary 
Global Covered Bond. If these Final Terms specify 
that TEFRA C Rules apply, the Covered Bonds will be 
represented by a Permanent Global Covered Bond] 
 
[Temporary Global Covered Bond exchangeable for a 
Permanent 
Global 
Covered 
Bond 
which 
is 
exchangeable for Definitive Covered Bonds on [●] 
days’ notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances 
described in the Permanent Global Covered Bond.] 
 
[Temporary Global Covered Bond exchangeable for 
Definitive Covered Bonds on [●] days’ notice/at any 
time/in the limited circumstances described in the 
Temporary Global Covered Bond.] 
 
[Permanent Global Covered Bonds exchangeable for 
Definitive Covered Bonds on [●] days’ notice/at any 
time/in the limited circumstances described in the 
Permanent Global Covered Bond.] 
 
(N.B. In the case of Bearer Covered Bonds, the 
exchange upon notice/at any time options as specified 
above and in the Conditions should not be expressed 
to be applicable if the Specified Denomination of the 
Covered Bonds in paragraph 5 includes language 
substantially to the following effect: “[[EUR 100,000] 
and integral multiples of [EUR 1,000] in excess 
thereof and up to and including [EUR 199,000]].”) 
 
[VP Systems Covered Bonds issued in uncertificated 
and dematerialised book entry form. See further item 
[5] of Part B below.] 
20. 
New Global Covered Bond Form: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
21. 
Applicable Financial Centre(s): 
 
[Give details. See definition of Payment Business Day 
in the Conditions. Note that this item relates to the 
date and place of payment, and not to Interest 
Payment Dates] 
22. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Covered Bonds (and dates on 
which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. If yes, give details] 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By: 
 ......................................................... 
By: 
 ........................................................  
Duly authorised 
 
Duly authorised 
CC: Citibank, N.A., London Branch, as Fiscal Agent

--- Page 83 ---
Non-exempt Final Terms 
 
 
83 
 
 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
The Official List of Euronext Dublin 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Covered Bonds to 
be admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin’s regulated 
market with effect on or about [●]] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original securities are already admitted to 
trading) 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses relating 
to admission to trading: 
[●] 
2. 
Ratings 
 
Ratings: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Covered Bonds to be issued 
[[have been]/[are expected to be]] rated [insert details] 
by [insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity(ies)].  
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
ratings provider.] 
[There is no guarantee that [any of] the above rating[s] 
will be maintained following the date of these Final 
Terms. Up-to-date information should always be 
sought by direct reference to the relevant rating 
agency.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Covered Bonds of the type being issued 
under the Programme generally or, where the issue 
has been specifically rated, that rating.)] 
[Each of [defined terms] is established in the 
[European Union] and is registered under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended). 
Each of [defined terms] is not established in the 
[European Union] and is not registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended).]  
3. 
[Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the [Issue/Offer] 
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement: 
Save as discussed in the “Subscription and Sale” and “General Information” sections of the [Current] 
Base Prospectus, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Covered Bonds has 
an interest material to the offer.] 
[4.] 
[Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only – Yield 
Indication of yield: 
[●]

--- Page 84 ---
Non-exempt Final Terms 
 
 
84 
 
 
As set out above, the yield is calculated at the Issue 
Date on the basis of the Issue Price. It is not an 
indication of future yield.] 
[5.] 
Operational Information 
 
[ISIN 
Code/Securities 
Identification 
Number]: 
[●] 
Common Code: 
[●] 
New Global Covered Bond intended to be 
held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Not Applicable] (For VP Systems Covered Bonds 
only) 
[Yes. Note that the designation “Yes” simply means 
that the Covered Bonds are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of Euroclear Bank SA/NV and/or 
Clearstream Banking S.A. [(together, the “ICSDs”)] as 
common safe-keeper and does not necessarily mean 
that the Covered Bonds will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the European Central 
Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]  
[Yes. Note that the designation “Yes” does not 
necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the European Central Bank being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
(Include for issues of relevant VP Systems Covered 
Bonds only) 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “No” at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Covered Bonds are capable of meeting them, the 
Covered Bonds may then be deposited with one of 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and/or Clearstream Banking 
S.A. [(together, the “ICSDs”)] as common safe-
keeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean that 
the Covered Bonds will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the European Central Bank being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]]  
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV or Clearstream Banking S.A. 
and the relevant identification number(s): 
[Not 
Applicable/VP/Euroclear 
Finland/ 
give 
name(s)][The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain certain 
information from the register maintained by VP or

--- Page 85 ---
Non-exempt Final Terms 
 
 
85 
 
 
Euroclear Finland, as the case may be, for the purpose 
of performing its obligations under the issue of VP 
Systems Covered Bonds] (delete as applicable) 
Settlement Procedures: 
[Specify whether customary covered bond/other 
settlement and payment procedures apply] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
[6.] 
Distribution 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
(iv) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(vi) 
TEFRA Rules: 
 [As set out in the [current] Base Prospectus/TEFRA C 
Rules apply/Not Applicable] 
 
(Specify whether the automatic position in the Base 
Prospectus applies (ie. TEFRA D Rules apply) or 
TEFRA C Rules apply or whether TEFRA Rules are 
not applicable.) 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to European 
Economic Area Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Covered Bonds may constitute 
“packaged” 
products, 
“Applicable” 
should 
be 
specified.) 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to United 
Kingdom Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Covered Bonds may constitute 
“packaged” 
products, 
“Applicable” 
should 
be 
specified.) 
[7.] 
Third Party Information 
[[●] has been extracted from [●]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [●], no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
[delete if not applicable] 
[8.]       Reasons for the Offer 
Use of Proceeds: 
[General Business Purposes] [Green Covered Bonds] 
[] 
 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in the [Current] 
Base Prospectus – if reasons for the offer are different

--- Page 86 ---
Non-exempt Final Terms 
 
 
86 
 
 
from general business purposes and/or Green Covered 
Bonds, will need to include those reasons here.) 
[9.]       Estimated Net Amount of Proceeds 
Estimated Net Amount of Proceeds: 
[]

--- Page 87 ---
Exempt Pricing Supplement 
 
87 
 
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT COVERED BONDS  
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement for an issue of Exempt Covered Bonds by Danske Mortgage Bank 
Plc under the EUR 10,000,000,000 Programme for Issuance of Covered Bonds. 
The Pricing Supplement in respect of each Tranche or, as the case may be, Series of Exempt Covered 
Bonds will be substantially in the following form, duly completed to reflect the particular terms of the relevant 
Covered Bonds and their issue. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part of the form of the 
Pricing Supplement but denotes directions for completing the Pricing Supplement. 
 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is 
eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [MiFID II/Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended) (“MiFID II”)]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. [Details of any negative target market to be included if applicable]. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a “distributor”) should take 
into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is only 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Details of any negative target market to be 
included if applicable]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[MiFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered 
Bonds is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended) (“MiFID II”); EITHER [(ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate[, 
including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all 
channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the 
following channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to retail clients are appropriate – investment 
advice[,/and] portfolio management[,/ and][non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject to the 
distributor’s (as defined below) suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered 
Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].]

--- Page 88 ---
Exempt Pricing Supplement 
 
88 
 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties 
target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Covered Bonds is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”), and eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(“UK MiFIR”); EITHER [(ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate[, including 
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels 
for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following 
channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to retail clients are appropriate – investment advice[,/and] 
portfolio management[,/ and][non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s (as 
defined below) suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative 
target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to 
the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA RETAIL INVESTORS – The 
Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) 
of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (“MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the 
“PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the European Economic Area has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation.][Include unless the Pricing Supplement specifies “Prohibition of Sales to 
European Economic Area Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) 
for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the United 
Kingdom has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.][Include unless the Pricing Supplement specifies “Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”] 
  
PRICING SUPPLEMENT DATED [●]

--- Page 89 ---
Exempt Pricing Supplement 
 
89 
 
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 (THE 
“PROSPECTUS REGULATION”) OR REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 AS IT FORMS PART OF 
DOMESTIC LAW BY VIRTUE OF THE EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018 (THE 
“UK PROSPECTUS REGULATION”) FOR THIS ISSUE OF COVERED BONDS. 
Series No. [●] 
[Tranche No. [●]] 
DANSKE MORTGAGE BANK PLC 
EUR 10,000,000,000 
Programme for Issuance of Covered Bonds  
Issue of 
[Aggregate Nominal Amount of [Tranche/Series]] [Title of Covered Bonds] 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
 Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Covered Bonds (the “Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 5 September 2022 [and the 
Prospectus Supplement No. [] dated []] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base 
Prospectus”). Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Covered Bonds is only available on the basis of 
the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus is available for 
viewing at, and copies may be obtained from, the website of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext 
Dublin at https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin for a period of 12 months following the date of the Base 
Prospectus [(dated 5 September 2022)]. 
 [Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
subparagraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Date on which the Covered Bonds 
will be consolidated and form a 
single Series: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Covered Bonds will be 
consolidated and form a single series with [identify 
earlier Tranche(s)] on [the Issue Date]] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[[●]] 
(i) 
[[Series:] 
[●] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●]]1 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
[amount] accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
                                                     
1 
Only need subsections if issue of Covered Bonds is an increase.

--- Page 90 ---
Exempt Pricing Supplement 
 
90 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[●] 
7. 
(i) 
Maturity Date: 
[specify date][, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention][(NB: include 
adjustment wording for Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds)] 
(ii) 
Statutory Extended Maturity: 
 
 
Statutory Extended Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining section of this 
subparagraph) 
The Statutory Extended Maturity Date is, subject to 
the Statutory Maturity Extension Approval, [specify 
date][, and further subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention]. [(NB: include 
adjustment wording for Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds)] 
[If applicable, complete relevant sections regarding 
interest, etc.] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate][for the period from (and 
including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date] 
[Thereafter] [[T/t]he relevant [currency] [reference 
rate]] Floating Rate specified in paragraph 13 (vii) 
[plus/minus] the relevant Margin specified in 
paragraph 13 (x)] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below) 
9. 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption [,or, if, applicable, as described in 
Condition 7.9], the Covered Bonds will be redeemed 
on the Maturity Date at 100.00 per cent. of their 
nominal amount.  
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Not Applicable/or specify details of any provision for 
convertibility of Covered Bonds into another interest 
basis or cross refer to paragraph 8 above or 
paragraphs 12 and 13 below if details are included 
there] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Call Option/Put Option/Not Applicable] 
[(see paragraphs 15 and 16 below)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
12. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bond Provisions 
[Applicable [until the Maturity Date]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/ quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year

--- Page 91 ---
Exempt Pricing Supplement 
 
91 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[[●] per Calculation Amount payable 
on [●]] (Insert particulars of any initial or final broken 
interest amounts which do not correspond with the 
Fixed Coupon Amount[s])  
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual ([ICMA]/ISDA)] 
13. 
Floating Rate Covered Bond Provisions 
[Applicable [if the maturity of the Covered Bonds is 
extended in accordance with Condition 7.9]/Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
[●] 
(Specified Period and Interest Payment Dates are 
alternatives. A Specified Period, rather than Interest 
Payment Dates, will only be relevant if the Business 
Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention. Otherwise, 
insert “Not Applicable”) 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] 
(Specified Period and Interest Payment Dates are 
alternatives. If the Business Day Convention is the 
FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention, insert “Not Applicable”) 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(iv) 
Applicable Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/insert Applicable Business Centres] 
(v) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(vi) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s): 
[●] 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
־ 
Reference Rate: 
[●] 
־ 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
־ 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
־ 
Relevant Time: 
[●] in the Relevant Financial Centre 
־ 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[●] 
־ 
Reference Banks: 
[●] 
־ 
Reference Rate Replacement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 92 ---
Exempt Pricing Supplement 
 
92 
 
(viii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
־ 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
־ 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
־ 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
־ 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
(ix) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable – the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using linear interpolation in accordance 
with Condition [5.2.5] (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
(x) 
Margin(s): 
[Plus/Minus][●] per cent. per annum 
(xi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable/[●] per cent. per annum] 
(xii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable/[●] per cent. per annum] 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[●] 
14. 
Zero Coupon Covered Bond Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
15. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) (Call): 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) 
of each Covered Bond and method, 
if any, of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
(iv) 
Notice periods: 
[Minimum period: [●] days 
Maximum period: [●] days] 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example,

--- Page 93 ---
Exempt Pricing Supplement 
 
93 
 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Fiscal Agent) 
16. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) (Put): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice periods: 
[Minimum period: [●] days 
Maximum period: [●] days] 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days’ notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Fiscal Agent) 
17. 
Final Redemption Amount 
[Outstanding Principal Amount/[] per Calculation 
Amount] 
18. 
Early Redemption Amount [(Tax)] or 
Early Termination Amount 
 
Early Redemption Amount [(Tax)] or Early 
Termination 
Amount 
or 
other 
early 
redemption: 
[As set out in the Conditions] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS 
19. 
Form of Covered Bonds: 
[Bearer Covered Bonds] [Initially represented by a 
[Temporary/Permanent] 
Global 
Covered 
Bond.] 
[Specify. If nothing is specified and these Final Terms 
do not specify that TEFRA C Rules apply, the Covered 
Bonds will be represented initially by a Temporary 
Global Covered Bond. If these Final Terms specify 
that TEFRA C Rules apply, the Covered Bonds will be 
represented by a Permanent Global Covered Bond] 
 
[Temporary Global Covered Bond exchangeable for a 
Permanent 
Global 
Covered 
Bond 
which 
is 
exchangeable for Definitive Covered Bonds on [●] 
days’ notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances 
described in the Permanent Global Covered Bond.] 
 
[Temporary Global Covered Bond exchangeable for 
Definitive Covered Bonds on [●] days’ notice/at any 
time/in the limited circumstances described in the 
Temporary Global Covered Bond.]

--- Page 94 ---
Exempt Pricing Supplement 
 
94 
 
 
[Permanent Global Covered Bonds exchangeable for 
Definitive Covered Bonds on [●] days’ notice/at any 
time/in the limited circumstances described in the 
Permanent Global Covered Bond.] 
 
(N.B. In the case of Bearer Covered Bonds, the 
exchange upon notice/at any time options as specified 
above and in the Conditions should not be expressed 
to be applicable if the Specified Denomination of the 
Covered Bonds in paragraph 5 includes language 
substantially to the following effect: “[[EUR 100,000] 
and integral multiples of [EUR 1,000] in excess 
thereof and up to and including [EUR 199,000]].”) 
 
[VP Systems Covered Bonds issued in uncertificated 
and dematerialised book entry form. See further item 
[2] of Part B below.] 
20. 
New Global Covered Bond Form:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [Will likely be not 
applicable for all Exempt Covered Bonds.] 
21. 
Applicable Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to Payment 
Business Day: 
[Give details. See definition of Payment Business Day 
in the Conditions. Note that this item relates to the 
date and place of payment, and not to Interest 
Payment Dates] 
22. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Covered Bonds (and dates on 
which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. If yes, give details]  
23. 
Other final terms: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By: 
 ......................................................... 
By: 
 ........................................................  
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised 
CC: Citibank, N.A., London Branch, as Fiscal Agent

--- Page 95 ---
Exempt Pricing Supplement 
 
95 
 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Specify/Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Covered Bonds to 
be admitted to trading on [specify] with effect from 
[]/Not Applicable.] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue, need to indicate 
that original securities are already admitted to 
trading.) 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses relating to 
admission to trading: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
2. 
Ratings  
 
 
Ratings: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Covered Bonds to be issued 
[[have been]/[are expected to be]] rated [insert details] 
by [insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity(ies)]. 
[There is no guarantee that [any of] the above rating[s] 
will be maintained following the date of this Pricing 
Supplement. Up-to-date information should always be 
sought by direct reference to the relevant rating 
agency.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Covered Bonds of the type being issued 
under the Programme generally or, where the issue 
has been specifically rated, that rating.)] 
 
Each of [defined terms] is established in the European 
Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended).]  
[3.] 
Operational Information: 
 
[ISIN 
Code/Securities 
Identification 
Number]: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
Common Code: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Yes. Note that the designation “Yes” simply means 
that the Covered Bonds are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of Euroclear Bank SA/NV and/or 
Clearstream Banking S.A. [(together, the “ICSDs”)] 
as common safe-keeper and does not necessarily mean 
that the Covered Bonds will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra

--- Page 96 ---
Exempt Pricing Supplement 
 
96 
 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the European Central 
Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
[Yes. Note that the designation “Yes” does not 
necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the European Central Bank being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
(Include for issues of relevant VP Systems Covered 
Bonds only) 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “No” at the 
date of this Pricing Supplement, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Covered Bonds are capable of 
meeting them the Covered Bonds may then be 
deposited with one of Euroclear Bank SA/NV and/or 
Clearstream Banking S.A. [(together, the “ICSDs”)] 
as common safe-keeper. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the European Central 
Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]]  
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
and the relevant identification number(s): 
[Not 
Applicable/VP/Euroclear 
Finland 
give 
name(s)][The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain certain 
information from the register maintained by VP or 
Euroclear Finland, as the case may be, for the purpose 
of performing its obligations under the issue of VP 
Systems Covered Bonds] (delete as appropriate) 
Settlement Procedures: 
[Specify whether customary covered bond/other 
settlement and payment procedures apply] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
[4.] 
Distribution 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
(iv) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
[Not Applicable/give name]

--- Page 97 ---
Exempt Pricing Supplement 
 
97 
 
Dealer: 
(vi) 
TEFRA Rules: 
[As set out in the [Current] Base Prospectus/TEFRA C 
Rules apply/Not Applicable] 
 
(Specify whether the automatic position in the Base 
Prospectus applies (ie. TEFRA D Rules apply) or 
TEFRA C Rules apply or whether TEFRA Rules are 
not applicable.) 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to European 
Economic Area Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Covered Bonds may constitute 
“packaged” 
products, 
“Applicable” 
should 
be 
specified.) 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to United 
Kingdom Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Covered Bonds may constitute 
“packaged” 
products, 
“Applicable” 
should 
be 
specified.) 
[5.] 
Third Party Information  
 
[[●] has been extracted from [●]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and 
that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [●], no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
[6.]        Reasons for the offer 
             Use of Proceeds: 
[General Business Purposes] [Green Covered Bonds] 
[] 
 
 
 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in the [Current] 
Base Prospectus – if reasons for the offer are different 
from general business purposes and/or Green 
Covered Bonds, will need to include those reasons 
here.)

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
An amount equal to the net proceeds from each issue of Covered Bonds will, unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, be applied/allocated by the Issuer as follows: 
(a) 
where “General Business Purposes” is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
for its general business purposes; or 
(b) 
where “Green Covered Bonds” is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, to 
finance or re-finance, in whole or in part, Green Loans located in the Nordic region and originated or 
purchased by the Issuer that promote the transition to low-carbon, climate resilient and sustainable 
economies, in each case as determined by the Issuer in accordance with the Green Loan categories set 
out 
in 
the 
Group’s 
Green 
Finance 
Framework 
available 
on 
the 
Group’s 
website 
(https://danskebank.com/investor-relations/debt/green-bonds) and in effect at the time of issuance of 
the Green Covered Bonds.  
For the purposes of this section: 
“Green Loans” are loans and investments within the Green Loan categories set out in the Group’s Green Finance 
Framework. Such Green Loan categories are outlined in the Group’s Green Finance Framework and currently include 
those which relate to: clean transportation, renewable energy, transmission and energy storage; environmentally 
sustainable management of living natural resources and land use; green and energy efficient buildings; pollution 
prevention and control; sustainable water and wastewater management; and climate change adaption.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
General  
The Issuer is a mortgage credit bank with limited liability pursuant to the Finnish Companies Act 
(Osakeyhtiölaki, 624/2006, as amended). The legal name of the Issuer is Danske Kiinnitysluottopankki Oyj, the English 
translation of which is Danske Mortgage Bank Plc. The Issuer’s domicile is Helsinki, Finland and it is registered in the 
trade register with business identity code 2825892-7. The Issuer’s registered address is Televisiokatu 1, FI-00075 
Danske Bank, Finland. The Issuer’s telephone number is + 358 (0)200 2580. 
The Issuer was incorporated on 31 October 2017 by way of a Finnish law partial demerger from Danske Bank 
Plc for the purpose of assuming the Finnish mortgage credit bank operations of (the former) Danske Bank Plc (the 
“Demerger”). Danske Bank Plc and all its other businesses were subsequently merged into Danske Bank A/S (“Danske 
Bank” or the “Parent”), specifically into Danske Bank A/S, Finland Branch, on 31 December 2017. The Issuer is 
authorised to operate as a credit institution under the Finnish Act on Credit Institutions (Laki luottolaitostoiminnasta, 
610/2014), as amended and holds a mortgage credit bank licence under the Covered Bonds Act enabling it to assume 
the liabilities in respect of the covered bonds previously issued by Danske Bank Plc and to issue further covered bonds 
under, and in accordance with, the Covered Bonds Act. 
As at 30 June 2022, the Issuer’s share capital was EUR 70,000,000, comprising of 106,000 shares. The Issuer 
is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Danske Bank and was established for the purpose of managing the Group’s issuance of 
Covered Bond under the Covered Bonds Act. The Issuer has no subsidiaries of its own, nor does it own any shares in 
other Group companies. Danske Bank holds the entire share capital of the Issuer. 
As at 30 June 2022, the Issuer had five employees. The Issuer conducts its activities in close cooperation with 
Danske Bank A/S, Finland Branch, and Danske Bank and purchases all essential support services from the same. 
Among other things, Danske Bank A/S, Finland Branch, originates mortgage loans and thus handles the credit 
processes and is solely responsible for decisions regarding the mortgage loans to be contained in the Issuer Cover Pool 
until they are transferred to the Issuer. Once the mortgage loans are transferred, Danske Bank A/S, Finland Branch, 
manages the mortgage loans and performs certain accounting and reporting tasks for the Issuer. 
 In accordance with the Finnish Companies Act (Osakeyhtiölaki 624/2006 as amended), the companies taking 
part in the Demerger are jointly liable for the liabilities of the demerged company that have arisen prior to the 
registration of the completion of the Demerger. However, the liabilities of the demerged company that, according to the 
Demerger, transfer to another participating company shall be borne by a participating company only to the maximum 
amount equalling the value of the net assets retained by or transferred to it in the Demerger. The statutory joint liability 
is secondary in that a creditor may demand settlement of a claim based thereon only after it has been determined that no 
payment can be obtained from the debtor or from attaching security. In the Demerger, the assets and liabilities relating 
to the Finnish mortgage credit business operations of Danske Bank Plc were transferred to the Issuer, while all the other 
assets and liabilities remained with Danske Bank Plc, now Danske Bank A/S, Finland Branch. Thus, the Issuer may 
have a statutory secondary liability for liabilities remaining with Danske Bank A/S in accordance with the Demerger in 
the case of Danske Bank A/S’ insolvency, including liabilities that have emerged during the period between the signing 
of the Demerger and the completion of the Demerger. Should such secondary liability arise, it could have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial condition and results of operations. The statutory liability will not, 
however, affect the statutory benefit of Covered Bondholders’ priority to the Issuer Cover Pool (along with 
counterparties to related derivative transactions and providers of bankruptcy liquidity loans (each, as defined under 
“Overview of Finnish Legislation relating to Covered Bonds” above)). 
Operational overview 
The Issuer operates solely as a mortgage credit bank. The objective of the Issuer is to acquire Finnish collateral 
eligible loans from Danske Bank A/S, Finland Branch, and to fund such activity with the issuance of covered bonds. 
The acquired mortgages will be included in the Issuer Cover Pool and must comply with the requirements under the

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
Covered Bonds Act. The Issuer may also hold supplementary collateral or funds used to fulfil the liquidity buffer 
requirement (as defined in “Overview of Finnish Legislation Relating to Covered Bonds”) in the Issuer Cover Pool. 
The Issuer is responsible for maintaining the Covered Bond register as required by the Covered Bonds Act. 
The Issuer is not a deposit bank and does not engage in any activities other than mortgage credit bank operations. The 
Issuer’s operations are under the supervision of the FIN-FSA. 
Business model and funding 
The objective of the Issuer is to maintain a reliable and cost-efficient long-term funding source for the Group’s 
mortgage lending activities in Finland. This is executed through regular issuance of covered bonds. Covered bonds are 
issued under the Covered Bonds Act. The Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer shall be labelled European Covered 
Bonds (Premium). Even at times of severe market stress, the issuance of covered bonds has been possible and as such 
can be considered a reliable source of long term funding. 
The mortgage loans are originated initially from Danske Bank A/S, Finland Branch, and purchased by the 
Issuer from time to time. The mortgage loans are redeeming over time, and hence further loans are needed to be 
acquired into the Issuer Cover Pool on a regular basis to keep the size of the Issuer Cover Pool sufficient to cover the 
Covered Bonds.  
Initially, the Issuer intends to acquire residential mortgage loans granted to private individuals. In a subsequent 
phase, the Issuer intends to acquire residential mortgage loans granted to housing companies and public-sector credits. 
In addition to this, an issuer may grant intermediary credits to a Finnish deposit bank as referred to in Chapter 7 of the 
Covered Bonds Act. 
The interest payable and principal repayable by borrowers on the mortgage loan assets in the Issuer Cover Pool 
are the Issuer’s primary source of funds for the service of its payment obligations under the Covered Bonds.  
To enable the Issuer to finance the ongoing further purchases of mortgage loans from Danske Bank A/S, 
Finland Branch, and for the funding of maturing Covered Bonds, Danske Bank A/S has made a liquidity line available 
to the Issuer in the amount of EUR 3,000,000,000 under which loans with maturities varying from one month to 5 years 
can be drawn. 
The register 
All mortgage loans (included mortgage loans connected to an intermediary loan) and other eligible assets (each 
as defined in “Overview of Finnish Legislation Relating to Covered Bonds”) serving as collateral for the covered bonds 
are entered into the register that the Issuer is required to maintain in relation to the covered bonds, pursuant to Chapter 5 
of the Covered Bonds Act. The register must list, amongst other things, the covered bonds and the mortgage loans, 
public sector loans (as defined in “Overview of Finnish Legislation Relating to Covered Bonds”) and other eligible 
assets in the Issuer Cover Pool, intermediary loans granted to a member credit institution and any derivative 
transactions related thereto. For each cover pool, information identifying the bonds secured by each cover pool shall be 
entered in the register of bonds. 
The Issuer’s licence and the Issuer Cover Pool 
On 29 September 2017, the Issuer received an authorisation from the European Central Bank to carry out 
mortgage credit bank activities. On 30 June 2022, the Issuer received a licence to pursue mortgage credit bank 
operations under the Covered Bond Act from the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority. The Issuer will transition its 
outstanding covered bonds issued the old Finnish Covered Bond Act (Laki kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminnasta, 688/2010, 
as amended), so that such covered bonds are compliant with the Covered Bonds Act, prior to the first issuance of 
Covered Bonds under this Base Prospectus. 
The composition of the Issuer Cover Pool may vary from time to time, including in so far as the geographic 
placing of the relevant mortgaged properties is concerned. Covered Bondholders will not receive detailed statistics or 
information in relation to each loan, location of each mortgaged residential or, as the case may be, other assets 
contained or to be contained in the Issuer Cover Pool, as it is expected that the constitution of the Issuer Cover Pool

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
may change from time to time. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer Cover Pool comprises only housing 
loans (as defined in “Overview of Finnish Legislation Relating to Covered Bonds”) secured by mortgageable property 
or shares for primarily residential purposes. Supplementary collateral, public sector loans or housing company loans 
may be included in the Issuer Cover Pool at any time in accordance with the provisions of the Covered Bonds Act.  
Below is an overview of certain current characteristics of the Issuer Cover Pool assets and the Issuer’s policies 
in respect of those assets. 
Characteristics of the housing loans and their obligors 
On the date of inclusion of the relevant housing loan in the Issuer Cover Pool (hereinafter, the “Inclusion 
Date”), the general characteristics of the obligors in respect of the housing loans included in the Issuer Cover Pool 
include, but are not limited to the following: 
(a) 
such loan was originated by a member of the Group in accordance with its standard lending criteria at 
the time of origination; 
(b) 
at least one payment of interest has been made by the borrower or borrowers in respect of such loan 
or no such payments have yet fallen due and payable; 
(c) 
each borrower is a natural person with a Finnish national identification number; 
(d) 
the property granted as collateral was at the time of origination of loan insured against loss caused by 
reason of damage caused by fire; and 
(e) 
none of the borrowers has, within the immediately preceding three years prior to the Inclusion Date, 
been bankrupt or the subject of a court judgment requiring them to make a payment of money or 
subject to debt reorganisation pursuant to the Act on Debt Reorganisation of Private Individuals (Laki 
yksityishenkilön velkajärjestelystä, 57/1993), as amended. 
There are no rights or obligations to make further advances in any of the housing loans included in the Issuer 
Cover Pool. 
The general preconditions of Danske Bank A/S, Finland Branch for granting a loan to private customers are: 
(a) 
The customer is at least 18 years old and has legal capacity. 
(b) 
The customer is not so old that the repayment of the loan might be endangered.  Particular attention 
shall be paid to the source of repayment and its continuity, as well as to an assessment of changes in 
economic conditions, e.g. due to retirement. 
(c) 
 The customer is creditworthy according to the instructions regarding the granting of loans and the 
credit policy. 
(d) 
The collateral prescribed in the instructions regarding the granting of loans will be obtained. 
(e) 
The person granting the loan also deems the customer eligible for a loan on other grounds. 
(f) 
The customer communicates in Finnish, English or Swedish (and the signed documents are in these 
languages) and the customer understands the agreement. Danske Bank does not grant loans to 
customers who deal with the help of a translator. 
(g) 
The customer understands the risks involved (e.g. risks regarding affordability, collaterals, and the 
fluctuation of interest rates or exchange rates). 
               The Issuer is able to monitor the debtor's credit risk, maintain contact with the customer and exercise our 
rights e.g. in a potential debt collection situation. 
              When assessing credit risk, there can be no discrimination on the basis of origin, culture, nationality, race, 
language, religion, belief, opinion, political activity, trade union activity, family relationships, state of health, disability, 
gender, sexual orientation or other personal characteristics.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
The terms and conditions of the pledges relating to a property or shares must contain a provision according to 
which the pledgor undertakes to maintain sufficient insurance over the assets subject to a security interest. When a 
mortgage security is created over real estate, the assets subject to such mortgage must additionally be insured through 
an insurance policy covering at least fire damage. The Issuer has also insured each property in case the debtor neglects 
its own fire insurance and an accident were to happen.  
Valuation of collateral  
The value of relevant residential properties, including shares in housing companies, is assessed and determined 
in accordance with the initial credit decision. Following the standards set by the Capital Requirements Regulation (EU) 
No 575/2013 as amended by regulation (EU) 2019/876 (CRR2), and from July 2021 as complemented in EBA 
Guideline on Loan origination and monitoring, the collateral value is monitored quarterly and revised when needed. 
The collateral values of residential properties including shares in housing companies are monitored against 
presumed market prices on a quarterly basis using a combination of price indices received from Statistics Finland and 
an advanced statistical model based on realised property trades data set. The dataset is provided by the Finnish Central 
Federation of Real Estate Agencies (Fi. Kiinteistönvälitysalan Keskusliitto ry). If the collateral value is materially 
different, the collateral value will be revised based on expert evaluation.  If the comparison to presumed market price 
cannot be made, collateral value must be revised separately at least once a year.   
It is the Issuer’s current intention to get a model approval from the FIN-FSA during 2023 for an advanced 
statistical model to be accepted to be fit for revaluing collaterals. 
The Issuer currently only accepts or acquires collateral that is located or incorporated in Finland but it is 
possible that, at some point in the future, the Issuer will occasionally accept or acquire collateral that is located or 
incorporated in other EEA countries. Pursuant to the Act on Mortgage Credit Bank Operations, a statement of an 
independent and external real estate evaluator shall be acquired of the shares and real estates placed as collateral of 
housing loans exceeding an amount of EUR 3 million. 
Overview of the Finnish housing market 
 The Finnish housing market has been relatively stable in recent years but it has become increasingly 
segregated geographically. Growth in housing demand has raised prices in Helsinki and some larger towns, while the 
real estate market in the rest of the country has remained more or less flat or declining. The Finnish economy was 
slowing down in 2019 and the COVID-19 crisis pushed the economy into a recession in 2020. Finland suffered less 
economic damage from the COVID-19 crisis than many other countries and the housing market activity slowed down 
only temporarily. COVID-19 increased remote working arrangements, which in turn increased demand for better 
remote working facilities and bigger apartments. Consequently, when the economy recovered, the housing market 
experienced a boom in late 2020 and throughout 2021. Construction continues at an elevated level in 2022, but 
construction permits indicate a decline in housing construction. Weaker economic outlook, higher construction costs 
and rising interest rates weigh on construction. At the same time, a need for extra remote working space has been 
largely met, interest rates have risen and buyer interest in housing purchase has fallen. The supply of housing is roughly 
in line with current demand. Consequently, in Finland, only modest price increases are likely in the near future. The 
main risks related to the Finnish residential mortgage market are the credit risks associated with borrowers’ 
creditworthiness, their ability to pay their mortgage loans and the value of the mortgaged properties. Should there be a 
general downturn in the value of property in Finland, it may result in a deterioration of credit quality and the 
recoverability of mortgage loans of the Issuer. House prices may be negatively affected should, for example, interest 
rates or the unemployment level rise quickly. However, there are also certain other circumstances that affect the level of 
credit losses, acceleration and payments of interest and principal amounts, such as changes in the regulatory 
environment. Adverse changes in the credit quality of the Issuer’s borrowers and counterparties could affect the 
recoverability and value of its assets and require an increase in the Issuer’s provisions for bad and doubtful debts and 
other provisions, which in turn may have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial condition and/or results of 
operations. 
Risk classification of borrowers

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
Loan customer risk is appraised before the credit decision is made. The risk associated with a specific 
borrower is addressed based on the existing customer relationship, an analysis of an ability to repay the debt, taking into 
consideration the customer’s available cash flow and a verification of the information in the public registers of 
delinquent payments. A stress test, which takes into account a higher loan servicing cost (arising as a result of an 
assumed increase in interest rates), is conducted in conjunction with any new credit decision. 
Derivative transactions 
The Issuer may enter into one or more derivative transactions (as defined in “Overview of Finnish Legislation 
Relating to Covered Bonds”) in order to hedge against interest rate risk, foreign exchange risk, liquidity risk or other 
risks between the Issuer Cover Pool and the Covered Bonds. Details of any such derivative transactions must be entered 
in the register. Under the Covered Bonds Act, the counterparty to a derivative transaction entered in the register will 
rank pari passu with the holders of Covered Bonds in respect of the assets in the Issuer Cover Pool in the liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
Each derivative transaction entered into between the Issuer and a counterparty will be evidenced by a 
confirmation and such confirmation will supplement and form part of an agreement between the Issuer and such 
counterparty in the form of an ISDA Master Agreement (including a schedule and confirmation(s)) (each such 
agreement a “Derivative Agreement”). The Issuer currently anticipates that each such Derivative Agreement will 
contain terms to the effect set out in this section, but there can be no assurance that all counterparties will agree to such 
terms and/or that such counterparties will not require certain amendments to be made. Each Derivative Agreement will 
be terminable by one or both of the parties if Cross-Default or a Termination Event (each as defined in the relevant 
Derivative Agreement) occurs.  
The current counterparty of the Issuer in Derivative Agreements is Danske Bank A/S. 
Subordination Agreement 
For the purposes of managing subordination in respect of certain joint collateral, securing a loan of both the 
Issuer and the Parent, the Issuer and the Parent have entered into an agreement dated 4 December 2017. According to 
the agreement in case a mortgage loan covering a covered bond issued by the Issuer and any receivable or claim owed 
to the Parent are secured by the same loan security, the mortgage loan in the cover pool shall have the first priority. Any 
enforcement relating to such loan security may be initiated only with the prior approval of the Issuer. Any proceeds 
derived from the enforcement of such loan security shall be used firstly towards payments under the mortgage loan in 
the Issuer Cover Pool and secondly towards payments under such receivables and claims owed to the Parent. 
Outsourcing Agreement 
For achieving efficiency within the Group and for the Issuer, the Issuer and Parent have agreed that the Parent 
shall provide most of the services needed for the Issuer to be able to carry out its business operations. These services 
include, among others, IT-services, administration of mortgage loans, accounting, regulatory reporting, compliance, 
legal and internal audit. 
Share and shareholder information 
The Issuer is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Parent, and the Issuer is not aware of any events or other 
circumstances that could result in a change of control of the Issuer. According to the Finnish Companies Act 
(Osakeyhtiölaki 624/2006, as amended) the Parent, as shareholder of the Issuer, is vested with the ultimate decision 
making power in the Issuer and it exercises this right at the general meetings of the Issuer.  
Dependency on the Parent 
 The majority of the Issuer’s operations are outsourced to the Parent. The Issuer also uses the “Danske” brand 
in its covered bond issuances. The Issuer will thus be dependent on the Parent to be able to conduct it business and to 
market its covered bonds to investors.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
Board of Directors 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer’s Board of Directors consists of the following members:  
 
 
Name  
Board member since  
Position  
Employment  
Stojko Gjurovski  
2021  
Chairman  
Country Manager Finland, Head of Banking 
Finland and Head of Personal Customers 
Nordics, Danske Bank A/S  
Tomi Dahlberg  
2017  
Member  
Chief Executive Officer (Executive 
consultancy), Tomi Dahlberg Oy  
Maisa Hyrkkänen  
2017  
Member  
Chief Financial Officer, Yleisradio Oy  
Robert Wagner  
2018  
Member  
Senior Vice President, Head of Liquidity and 
Capital Risk Management, Danske Bank A/S  
Riikka Laine-Tolonen 
2019  
Member  
Head of Personal Customers Finland, Danske 
Bank A/S, Finland Branch  
Kimberly Bauner  
2020  
Member  
Senior Vice President, Head of Group 
Treasury, Danske Bank A/S 
The members of the Board of Directors have been appointed for an indefinite term. 
The business address of the Board of Directors is Televisiokatu 1, FI-00075 Danske Bank, Finland. 
Management 
Pekka Toivonen is the Managing Director of the Issuer, Jari Raassina is the Deputy Managing Director, and 
Leena Antila is Chief Risk Officer. 
Auditors 
The Issuer’s current auditor is Deloitte Ltd. of Salmisaarenaukio 2, 00180 Helsinki, Finland with Aleksi 
Martamo (authorised public accountant) as the key audit partner.  
Conflicts of interest 
As far as the Board of Directors is aware, no member of the Board of Directors or any member of the 
management have any personal interest that could conflict with the interests of the Issuer. However, the individuals in 
the Board of Directors (except for Tomi Dahlberg and Maisa Hyrkkänen) hold similar senior positions in the other 
Group companies, and the risk of conflicts of interest among the Group companies can thus not be excluded. However, 
such risk should be minimal, since the Issuer’s main purpose is to acquire Finnish mortgage loans from the Danske 
Bank A/S, Finland Branch, and fund them through the issuance of covered bonds, thus providing the Group with 
funding of its Finnish mortgage assets.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
Dividends 
In accordance with the proposal of the Board of Directors, it was decided at the Annual General Meeting of the 
Issuer on 10 March 2022 that no divided would be paid for the financial year ended 31 December 2021.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP 
The Issuer forms part of the Group. The parent company of the Group is the Danske Bank A/S (the “Parent”). 
The Parent was founded in Denmark and registered on 5 October 1871 and has, through the years, merged with a 
number of financial institutions. The Parent is a commercial bank with limited liability and carries on business under 
the Danish Financial Business Act (Consolidated Act No. 406 of 29 March 2022, as amended (Lov om finansiel 
virksomhed)). The Parent is registered with the Danish Business Authority and is under the supervision of the Danish 
Financial Supervisory Authority (Finanstilsynet) (the “DFSA”). The registered office of the Parent is at 2-12 Holmens 
Kanal, DK-1092 Copenhagen K, Denmark, with telephone number +45 33 44 00 00 and Danish corporate registration 
number 61126228. 
The Parent is conducting its lending operations in Finland through Danske Bank A/S, Finland Branch. The 
structure of the Group is set out in the structure chart below. 
The general corporate structure of the Group (the “Group”) is as shown below: 
 
Overview 
The Group is the leading financial service provider in Denmark (source: the DFSA) measured by total working 
capital as at 31 December 2021, and one of the largest in the Nordic region measured by total assets as at 31 December 
2021. The Group offers customers a wide range of services in the fields of banking, mortgage finance, insurance, 
pension, real-estate brokerage, asset management and trading in fixed income products, foreign exchange and equities. 
Danske Bank is the largest bank in Denmark (source: the DFSA), is one of the larger banks in Finland and Northern 
Ireland, and has challenger positions in Sweden and Norway. As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s total assets 
amounted to DKK 3,936 billion (EUR 529.1 billion)1 and the Group employed 21,754 full-time equivalent employees. 
As at the same date, the Group had approximately 3.3 million customers and approximately 2.4 million customers used 
the Group’s online services. The Group had 170 branches as at 31 December 2021. 
Legal and Regulatory Proceedings 
Owing to its business volume, the Group is continually a party to various lawsuits and disputes and has an on-
going dialogue with public authorities such as the DFSA. In particular, Danske Bank remains in dialogue with various 
authorities regarding the terminated non-resident portfolio at Danske Bank’s Estonian branch. This includes criminal 
and regulatory investigations by authorities in Estonia, Denmark, France and the United States. Danske Bank continues 
to cooperate with all authorities. 
Estonian AML matter 
Danske Bank is reporting to, responding to and cooperating with various authorities, including the Danish 
Special Crime Unit (the “SCU”), the U.S. Department of Justice (the “DOJ”) and the U.S. Securities and Exchange 
Commission (the “SEC”), relating to Danske Bank’s Estonian branch. The internal investigation work that Danske 
Bank had planned to complete during 2020 has been finalised and Danske Bank has reported the findings to relevant 
authorities. Danske Bank continues to fully cooperate and will provide the authorities with further information if and 
when requested. On 28 April 2022, Danske Bank announced that it had entered into initial discussion with US and 
                                                     
1  
Unless specified, DKK amounts are converted into EUR FX rate = 7.4365 DKK per EUR.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
Danish Authorities on the resolution of the Estonia matter. Danske Bank is in continued discussions with these 
authorities. The overall timing of the authorities’ investigations remains unknown and is not within Danske Bank’s 
control. It is not yet possible to reliably estimate the timing, form of resolution, or amount of potential settlement or 
fines, which is likely to be material. 
Danske Bank is also subject to ongoing litigation in relation to the Estonian AML matter. This includes, inter 
alia, an action filed against Danske Bank in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York and a 
number of court cases initiated against Danske Bank in Denmark. Danske Bank intends to defend itself against the 
various claims. The timing of completion of any such lawsuits (pending or threatening) and their outcome are uncertain 
and could be material. 
Other 
The Danish Data Protection Agency has filed a criminal complaint against Danske Bank for the violation of 
the General Data Protection Regulation and recommends that the Danish prosecution service impose a fine of DKK 10 
million on Danske Bank. In June 2022, the Danish Police raised preliminary criminal charges against Danske Bank. 
In June 2020, the DFSA filed a criminal complaint against Danske Bank for violation of the Market Abuse 
Regulation on account of inadequate market monitoring and market manipulation in respect of self-matching trades, 
and on 25 June 2021, Danske Bank was preliminarily charged with this alleged violation. Danske Bank has a dialogue 
with and cooperates with the SCU, but cannot comment further as long as the SCU is investigating the case. 
Reference is made to “The Issuer is dependent upon other Group companies, their business and the brand 
value of the Group”.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
TAXATION 
The following is not a comprehensive analysis of the tax consequences arising in respect of the Covered Bonds. 
Prospective purchasers of Covered Bonds are advised to consult their tax advisers as to the tax consequences under the 
tax laws of the country of which they are residents of a purchase of Covered Bonds, including, but not limited to, the 
consequences of receipts of interest and sale or redemption of Covered Bonds. 
 
1. 
Finnish Taxation 
The following summary outlines certain Finnish tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and 
disposal of Covered Bonds. The summary is based on the laws of Finland as currently in effect and is intended 
to provide general information only. The summary is not exhaustive and thus does not address all potential 
aspects of Finnish taxation that may be relevant for a potential investor in Covered Bonds and is neither 
intended to be nor should be construed as legal or tax advice. Specific tax consequences may be applicable to 
certain categories of corporations, e.g. investment companies and life insurance companies, or to certain 
classes of persons such as dealers. Specific tax consequences may also apply to partnerships. Such tax 
consequences are not described below. The below only relates to persons who are the absolute beneficial 
owners of the Covered Bonds. Investors should consult their professional tax advisors regarding the Finnish 
and foreign tax consequences (including the applicability and effect of tax treaties) of acquiring, owning and 
disposing of Covered Bonds in their particular situation. It should be noted that Finnish tax laws may be 
amended with retroactive effect. 
Taxation of Finnish residents 
1.1 
Taxation of individuals 
Holders of interest bearing Covered Bonds who are resident in Finland for tax purposes will be 
subject to Finnish capital income tax interest payments and on gains realised in the sale or redemption of the 
Covered Bonds under the Finnish Income Tax Act (1535/1992). Interest income and capital gains relating to 
the Covered Bonds are taxed at the current (2022) capital income tax rate of 30 per cent. up to EUR 30,000, 
and 34 per cent. for any amounts exceeding EUR 30,000 in a given calendar year. For Zero Coupon Covered 
Bonds the difference between sale or redemption price and subscription or acquisition price is in general 
deemed as interest income for Finnish tax purposes.  
Payments of interest or interest compensation (secondary market compensation, in Finnish 
“jälkimarkkinahyvitys”) made to individuals or estates are generally subject to advance withholding of income 
tax according to the Prepayment Act (Ennakkoperintälaki 1118/1996, as amended). The withholding liability 
should primarily lie with any paying agent or other intermediary (such as a financial institution) effecting the 
payment to the holder of Covered Bonds, if the paying agent or intermediary is resident in Finland for tax 
purposes or the payment is made through a Finnish permanent establishment of a non-resident paying agent or 
intermediary. 
The capital gain or loss realised in connection with the sale or redemption of interest bearing Covered 
Bonds is calculated as the difference between sale or redemption price less sales expenses and acquisition 
costs. 
Capital gains are tax-exempt if all taxable sale prices received during a tax year in aggregate do not 
exceed EUR 1,000. Correspondingly, capital losses are not deductible if the related acquisition costs in a tax 
year in aggregate do not exceed EUR 1,000. Alternatively, instead of applying the actual acquisition cost, 
individuals and estates can apply a “presumed acquisition cost”, in which case no additional actual expenses 
can be deducted. The presumed acquisition cost is 20 per cent. (and if the Covered Bonds have been owned for 
a period of at least ten years, 40 per cent.) of the sales price. 
Capital losses resulting from the disposal of such Covered Bonds, which do not belong to the business 
activities of individuals or estates, can generally be set off against capital income from non-business activities

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
(primarily from other taxable capital gains and secondarily from other taxable capital income) derived during 
the tax year of the disposal and five subsequent years. 
1.2 
Taxation of legal entities 
For Finnish resident corporate entities, and entities not resident in Finland for tax purposes but who 
engage in trade or business through a permanent establishment or a fixed place of business in Finland, interest 
income and capital gains relating to the Covered Bonds are generally taxed at a flat rate of 20 per cent. (the 
current rate in 2022). The remaining acquisition cost in taxation of the Covered Bonds is regarded as tax-
deductible expenditure upon disposal of the Covered Bonds. Losses resulting from the disposal of the Covered 
Bonds in the context of business activity can be set off against income from the same income source during the 
year of the disposal and ten subsequent tax years. 
Since the implementation of a law amendment that removed the system of three categories of income 
(business, personal, and agricultural income), applied from 1 January 2020, limited liability companies and 
cooperatives only have a single source of income,  the business income source, under which all of their taxable 
income will be determined. For these entities, the law amendment broadened the deductibility of losses 
resulting from the disposal of Covered Bonds, which were previously taxed in the personal income source: 
after the amendment, the losses are deductible against all business income during the year of disposal and ten 
subsequent tax years in the same way as above. Please note the amendment is not applicable to e.g., 
partnerships. 
Payments made to corporations are generally not subject to tax withholding.  
Taxation of non-Finnish residents 
Holders of Covered Bonds who are not resident in Finland for tax purposes and who do not engage in 
trade or business through a permanent establishment in Finland will not be subject to Finnish taxes on 
payments in respect of interest bearing Covered Bonds or gains realised in the sale or redemption of the 
Covered Bonds. The payer has the obligation to ascertain that the recipient is not a Finnish tax resident, and 
the recipient has the obligation to disclose its non-resident investor status to the payer. In case the recipient 
fails to provide such information, the Issuer will be obliged to withhold or deduct amounts from a payment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds, if it is required to do so under Finnish law, and the Issuer will not be required to 
pay the recipient any additional amounts. 
1.3 
Reporting requirements 
The Issuer has the obligation to report to the Finnish Tax Administration all interest payments made 
to resident individual holders and all non-resident holders of interest bearing Covered Bonds. In addition, any 
paid or received compensation for accrued interest and capital gains and losses derived from the interest 
bearing Covered Bonds shall be reported to the Finnish Tax Administration as required under Finnish law.  
1.4 
Transfer Taxation  
The Covered Bonds are not subject to Finnish transfer tax under the Finnish Transfer Tax Act 
(931/1996, as amended).   
2. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act  
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as 
“FATCA”, a “foreign financial institution” (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain 
payments it makes (“foreign passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting 
or related requirements. The Issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of 
jurisdictions, including Finland, have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental 
agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA 
applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution 
in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments 
that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
Covered Bonds, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with 
respect to payments on instruments such as the Covered Bonds, are uncertain and may be subject to change. 
Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA, or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Covered Bonds, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years 
after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are filed with the U.S. Federal 
Register and the Covered Bonds characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and 
have a fixed term) for U.S. federal income tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months 
after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published generally would be 
grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. However, if 
additional Covered Bonds (as described under “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds – Further Issues”) 
that are not distinguishable from previously issued Covered Bonds are issued after the expiration of the 
grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all 
Covered Bonds, including the Covered Bonds offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as 
subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules 
may apply to their investment in the Covered Bonds. 
3. 
The Proposed Financial Transaction Tax (“FTT”) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s 
Proposal”) for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, 
Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia, (the “participating Member States”). However, Estonia has since 
stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings 
in Covered Bonds (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market 
transactions referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No. 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both 
within and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Covered 
Bonds where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating 
Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member 
State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a 
participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a 
participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It 
may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional 
Member States may decide to participate. Prospective holders of Covered Bonds are advised to seek their own 
professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Covered Bonds may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of BNP Paribas and Danske 
Bank A/S (the “Dealers”). Covered Bonds may also be sold by the Issuer directly to institutions who are not Dealers. 
The arrangements under which Covered Bonds may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and 
purchased by, the Dealers set out in an amended and restated dealership agreement dated 5 September 2022 (the 
“Dealership Agreement” which expression shall include any amendments or supplements thereto or any amendment 
and restatement thereof) and made between the Issuer and the Dealers. Any such agreement will, inter alia, make 
provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant Covered Bonds, the price at which such Covered Bonds 
will be purchased by the Dealers and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the 
Issuer in respect of such purchase. The Dealership Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of the 
appointment of the existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of 
the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
United States 
Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D, unless TEFRA C is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement. 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered 
or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by Regulation S of the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it will not offer, sell or deliver Covered Bonds of any Series (i) as part of the 
distribution thereof at any time or (ii) until forty days after the later of the commencement of the offering and the 
completion of the distribution, as determined by the Paying Agents, of all Covered Bonds of the Tranche of which such 
Covered Bonds are a part as determined and certified to the Fiscal Agent or the Issuer (the “Distribution Compliance 
Period”) within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will have sent to each dealer to 
which it sells the Covered Bonds during the Distribution Compliance Period a confirmation or other notice setting forth 
the restrictions on offers and sales of the Covered Bonds within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable tranche of Covered 
Bonds, an offer or sale of Covered Bonds within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the 
offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Any resale or other transfer, or attempted resale or other transfer of Covered Bonds made other than in 
compliance with the restrictions set out above and below shall not be recognised by the Issuer or any of its agents. The 
certificates for the Covered Bonds sold in the United States shall bear a legend to this effect. 
Bearer Covered Bonds having a maturity of more than one year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and 
may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a U.S. person, except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
Prohibition of Sales to European Economic Area Retail Investors 
Unless the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specifies “Prohibition of Sales to European Economic 
Area Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the relevant Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may 
be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds. 
If the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies “Prohibition of Sales to 
European Economic Area Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable” in relation to each Member State of the European 
Economic Area (each, a “Member State”), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final 
terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Covered Bonds to 
the public in that Member State: 
(i) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(ii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(iii) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (i) to (iii) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
 
For the purposes of this provision the expression an “offer of Covered Bonds to the public” in relation to any 
Covered Bonds in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Covered Bonds. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors 
Unless the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specifies “Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom 
Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will 
not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the 
Base Prospectus as completed by the relevant Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision:

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds. 
If the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies “Prohibition of Sales to 
United Kingdom Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable” in relation to the United Kingdom, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not made and will not make an offer of Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may 
make an offer of such Covered Bonds to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(i) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(ii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation), in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(iii) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (i) to (iii) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation. 
 
For the purposes of this provision the expression an “offer of Covered Bonds to the public” in relation to any 
Covered Bonds in the United Kingdom means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has also represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated, and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated, any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or 
sale of any Covered Bonds in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to 
the Issuer; and

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
(b) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Covered Bonds in, from or otherwise involving 
the United Kingdom. 
Finland 
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not publicly offer the Covered Bonds or bring the Covered Bonds into 
general circulation in Finland other than in compliance with (i) all applicable provisions of the laws of Finland and 
especially in compliance with the Finnish Securities Market Act (Arvopaperimarkkinalaki 2012/746), as amended and 
any regulation or rule made thereunder, as supplemented and amended from time to time and (ii) the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Denmark 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer, sell or deliver any Covered Bonds 
directly or indirectly in Denmark by way of a public offering, unless, as applicable, in compliance with the Prospectus 
Regulation, the Danish Consolidated Act No. 2014 of 1 November 2021 on Capital Markets, as amended, and any 
Executive Orders issued thereunder and in compliance with Executive Order No. 191 of 31 January 2022, as amended, 
supplemented or replaced from time to time, issued pursuant to the Danish Financial Business Act. 
Japan 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the “FIEA”) and each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds, directly or 
indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of 
the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, 
directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and 
ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that, 
it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Covered Bonds or possesses or distributes this Base 
Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by 
it of Covered Bonds under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it 
makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Arranger nor any other 
Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Arrangers and any of the Dealers represents that Covered Bonds may 
at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or 
pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme and the issue of Covered Bonds have been duly authorised by a 
resolution of the meeting of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 18 July 2018. The Issuer has obtained, or will 
obtain from time to time, all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and 
performance of the Covered Bonds. 
Listing and Admission to Trading of Covered Bonds on Euronext Dublin  
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Covered Bonds issued under the Programme (other than 
Exempt Covered Bonds) during the period of twelve months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the 
Official List and trading on its Regulated Market.  
However, Covered Bonds may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be admitted to listing on 
the Official List and admitted to trading and/or quotation by the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin or any other 
listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or which will be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
by such listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
Documents Available 
For as long as the Programme remains valid with the Central Bank, copies of the following documents will be 
available on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin): 
(i) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; 
(ii)  
any supplements to this Base Prospectus, any future base prospectuses relating to the Programme and 
any supplements to any future base prospectuses relating to the Programme; and 
(iii) 
a copy of any Final Terms relating to Covered Bonds which are admitted to trading on Euronext 
Dublin’s Regulated Market. 
For as long as the Programme remains valid with the Central Bank, copies of the following documents will be 
available on the website of the Issuer at https://danskebank.com/investor-relations/debt/danske-mortgage-bank (see 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference” for more details): 
(i) 
the Articles of Association of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
all reports, letters, and other documents, valuations and statements prepared by any expert at the 
Issuer’s request any part of which is included or referred to in this Base Prospectus;  
(iii) 
the Annual Reports (as defined in “Documents Incorporated by Reference”); and 
(iv) 
any other documents incorporated herein by reference from time to time. 
Third Party Information 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been secured from third parties, this information has been 
accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the information published by such 
third parties no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The 
source of third party information is identified where used. 
Clearing Systems 
The Bearer Covered Bonds have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Bearer Covered Bonds allocated by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. If the 
Covered Bonds are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system (including VP or Euroclear Finland),

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
the appropriate information will be specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, VP and Euroclear Finland (as the case may be) are the entities in charge of keeping the 
records. 
The address of Euroclear is 3 Boulevard du Roi Albert Ill, B.1210 Brussels, Belgium; the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue J. F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, the address of VP is Helgeshøj Allé 61, 
DK-2630 Taastrup, Denmark and the address of Euroclear Finland is Urho Kekkosen katu 5 C, FI-00101 Helsinki, 
Finland. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, an indication of the yield in respect of such Covered 
Bonds will be specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of 
the Covered Bonds on the basis of the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to 
maturity as at the Issue Date of the Covered Bonds and will not be an indication of future yield. 
Conditions for Determining Price 
The issue price and amount of the Covered Bonds of any Tranche to be issued under the Programme will be 
determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of the issue of such Tranche in accordance with 
prevailing market conditions. 
Material Change and Significant Change 
(i) 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of the Issuer since 30 
June 2022, the last day of the financial period in respect of which the most recent financial statements 
of the Issuer have been prepared; and  
(ii) 
save as outlined in the section “Risk Factors - COVID-19 outbreak could continue to have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial position” and “Legal and 
Regulatory Proceedings”, there has been no material adverse change in the financial position or 
prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2021, the last day of the financial period in respect of 
which the most recently audited financial statements of the Issuer have been prepared.  
Litigation 
Save as outlined in the section “Legal and Regulatory Proceedings”,] there are no governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings against or affecting the Issuer (and no such proceedings are pending or threatened of which the 
Issuer is aware) during a period covering at least the previous twelve months which have or may have in the recent past, 
individually or in the aggregate, significant effects on the profitability or the financial position of the Issuer. 
Auditors 
The Issuer’s current auditors are Deloitte Ltd of Salmisaarenaukio 2, FI-00181 Helsinki, Finland (“Deloitte”). 
Deloitte is a member of the Finnish Institute of Authorised Public Accountants (Suomen Tilintarkastajat Ry).  
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and their affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their 
affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related 
derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of 
their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or 
Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely 
hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase 
of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Covered Bonds issued 
under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Covered Bonds issued 
under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or 
express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend 
to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier Code 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 7437003G88EHT2TMK409. 
Language 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable 
law. 
Irish Listing Agent 
 
The Irish Listing Agent is Matheson LLP and the address of its registered office is 70 Sir John Rogerson’s 
Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland. Matheson LLP is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in connection with 
the Covered Bonds and is not itself seeking admission of the Covered Bonds to trading on the Regulated Market of 
Euronext Dublin. 
URLs 
In this Base Prospectus, references to websites or uniform resource locators (each, a “URL”) are inactive 
textual references and are included for information purposes only. The contents of any such website or URL shall not 
form part of, or be deemed to be incorporated into, this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Danske Mortgage Bank Plc 
Televisiokatu 1 
FI-00075 Danske Bank 
Helsinki 
Finland 
ARRANGERS AND DEALERS 
 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Danske Bank A/S 
2-12 Holmens Kanal 
DK-1092 Copenhagen K 
Denmark 
 
AUDITORS OF THE ISSUER 
 
Deloitte Ltd  
Salmisaarenaukio 2 
FI-00181 Helsinki 
Finland 
 
FISCAL AGENT  
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
 
VP SYSTEMS AGENT 
(for VP Systems Covered Bonds cleared through VP) 
Danske Bank A/S 
Corporate Actions 
2-12 Holmens Kanal 
DK-1092 Copenhagen K 
Denmark 
VP SYSTEMS AGENT 
(for VP Systems Covered Bonds cleared through Euroclear Finland) 
Danske Bank A/S, Finland Branch 
Televisiokatu 1 
FI-00075 Danske Bank 
Helsinki 
Finland

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to Finnish Law 
Borenius Attorneys Ltd 
Eteläesplanadi 2 
FI-00130 Helsinki 
Finland 
 
To the Dealers as to English Law 
 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
 
 
 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
 
Matheson LLP 
70 Sir John Rogerson’s Quay 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Printed by Allen & Overy LLP