--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
DATED 16 JUNE 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
EUR 5,000,000,000 
STRUCTURED NOTE PROGRAMME 
BASE PROSPECTUS  
 ______________________________________  
This Base Prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the 
“Central Bank”), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). 
The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval by the Central Bank 
should not be considered as an endorsement of Danske Bank A/S (the “Issuer”) or of the quality of the Notes 
(as defined below) that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment 
as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. In addition, such approval relates only to the Notes which are to 
be admitted to trading on the regulated market (the “Regulated Market”) of the Irish Stock Exchange plc 
trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) 
(“MiFID II”) and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic 
Area (“EEA”) (each, a “Member State”) in circumstances that require the publication of a prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and has been prepared for the purpose of giving information with regard to the issue of notes (the 
“Notes”) under the EUR 5,000,000,000 Structured Note Programme (the “Programme”). 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes (other than Exempt Notes (as defined below)) 
during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List of 
Euronext Dublin and to trading on the Regulated Market. References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being 
“listed” (and all related references) on Euronext Dublin shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to the 
Official List of Euronext Dublin and to trading on the Regulated Market. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to the Notes which are to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA for the purposes of MiFID II. The obligation to 
supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
In addition, application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the approval of this Base Prospectus 
as Listing Particulars. Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Exempt Notes issued during the 12 
months from the date of the Listing Particulars to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the global 
exchange market (the “Global Exchange Market”) which is the exchange regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin. The Listing Particulars have been approved as such by Euronext Dublin. The Global Exchange Market 
is not a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. Save where expressly provided or the context otherwise 
requires, where Exempt Notes are to be admitted to trading on the Global Exchange Market, references herein 
to “Base Prospectus” shall be construed to be to “Listing Particulars”. 
The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further listing authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation 
systems (including, without limitation, Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S, Nasdaq Stockholm AB, Nasdaq Helsinki Oy, 
the Nordic Growth Market NGM AB (NDX Sweden or NDX Finland, as applicable), the Stuttgart Stock 
Exchange and the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) as may be agreed with the Issuer.

--- Page 2 ---
ii 
 
 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which 
are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA for the purposes of MiFID II and/or offered to 
the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 
3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. References in this Base Prospectus to “Exempt Notes” are to Notes for 
which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank has 
neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt 
Notes. 
Prospective investors should also note that the Base Prospectus does not constitute a “prospectus” 
for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”) (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”) and has been 
prepared on the basis that no prospectus shall be required under the UK Prospectus Regulation for any 
Securities to be offered and sold under it. The Base Prospectus has not been approved or reviewed by any 
regulator which is a competent authority under the UK Prospectus Regulation in the United Kingdom 
(the “UK”). 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (as 
amended) (the “Securities Act”) and may include Notes in bearer form which are subject to United States tax 
law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered or sold within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person.  The Notes may be offered and sold outside the United 
States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S (“Regulation S”) under the Securities Act. 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more “benchmarks” for 
the purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 
(the “Benchmarks Regulation”). In this case, a statement will be included in the applicable Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, as to whether or not the relevant administrator of the “benchmark” 
is included in European Securities and Markets Authority’s (“ESMA”) register of administrators under 
Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
An investment in Notes involves certain risks. Prospective purchasers of Notes should ensure that 
they understand the nature of the relevant Notes and the extent of their exposure to risks and that they 
consider the suitability of the relevant Notes as an investment in the light of their own circumstances and 
financial condition. CERTAIN ISSUES OF NOTES INVOLVE A HIGH DEGREE OF RISK AND 
PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF NOTES SHOULD BE PREPARED TO SUSTAIN A LOSS OF ALL 
OR PART OF THEIR INVESTMENT. It is the responsibility of prospective purchasers of Notes to ensure 
that they have sufficient knowledge, experience and professional advice to make their own legal, financial, 
tax, accounting and other business evaluation of the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and 
are not relying on the advice of the Issuer or any Dealer in that regard. For a discussion of these risks see 
“Risk Factors” below. 
Arranger for the Programme 
DANSKE BANK 
Dealer 
DANSKE BANK

--- Page 3 ---
iii 
 
 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed together with any supplement hereto and with any 
documents incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes, should 
be read and construed together with the relevant Issue Terms (as defined herein). 
No person has been authorised by the Issuer or Danske Bank A/S in its capacity as a dealer (together 
with any additional dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time, which appointment may be for 
a specific issue or on an ongoing basis, the “Dealers” and each a “Dealer”) to give any information or to make 
any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered 
into in relation to the Programme or any information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in 
the public domain and, if given or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having 
been authorised by the Issuer or any Dealer. 
No representation or warranty is made or implied by any Dealer or any of its affiliates, and no Dealer 
or any of its affiliates makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility, as to the accuracy 
or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus. Neither the delivery of this Base 
Prospectus or any Issue Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note shall, in any circumstances, create 
any implication that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or 
the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no 
adverse change in the financial situation of the Issuer since the date thereof, or, as the case may be, the date 
upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or the balance sheet date of the most 
recent financial statements which are deemed to be incorporated into this Base Prospectus by reference or that 
any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date 
on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. None of the 
Dealers will verify or monitor the application of the proceeds of any Green Bonds (as defined below) issued 
under this Programme.  
Each potential investor of Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each investor should: (i) have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a 
meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement to 
this Base Prospectus; (ii) have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the 
context of its particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment 
will have on its overall investment portfolio; (iii) have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all 
of the risks of an investment in the Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more 
currencies, or where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the currency in which 
such potential investor’s financial activities are principally denominated; (iv) understand thoroughly the terms 
of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices and financial markets; and (v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, interest 
rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. The investment 
activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by 
certain authorities. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to 
determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms 
have been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law.  
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of 
law is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended, replaced or re-enacted.

--- Page 4 ---
iv 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT OFFERS OF NOTES 
Restrictions on Non-exempt offers of Notes in relevant Member States of the EEA 
Certain Tranches of Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency) may be offered in circumstances where there is no exemption from the obligation under the 
Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus.  Any such offer is referred to as a “Non-exempt Offer”.  This 
Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits Non-exempt Offers of Notes in each State in relation 
to which the Issuer has given its consent (from amongst the Member States), as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (each specified State a “Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction” and together the “Non-exempt Offer 
Jurisdictions”).  Any person making or intending to make a Non-exempt Offer of Notes on the basis of this 
Base Prospectus must do so only with the Issuer’s consent to the use of this Base Prospectus as provided under 
“Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation” and provided such person 
complies with the conditions attached to that consent.  
Save as provided above, neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the 
making of any Non-exempt Offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation 
In the context of a Non-exempt Offer of such Notes, the Issuer accepts responsibility, in each of the 
Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions, for the content of this Base Prospectus in relation to any person (an 
“Investor”) who purchases any Notes in a Non-exempt Offer made by a Dealer or an Authorised Offeror (as 
defined below), where that offer is made during the Offer Period specified in the relevant Final Terms and 
provided that the conditions attached to the giving of consent for the use of this Base Prospectus are complied 
with.  The consent and conditions attached to it are set out under “Consent” and “Common conditions to 
consent” below. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer makes any representation as to the compliance by an Authorised 
Offeror with any applicable conduct of business rules or other applicable regulatory or securities law 
requirements in relation to any Non-exempt Offer and neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has any responsibility 
or liability for the actions of that Authorised Offeror.  
Save as provided below, neither the Issuer nor, for the avoidance of doubt, any Dealer has 
authorised the making of any Non-exempt Offer by any offeror and the Issuer has not consented to the 
use of this Base Prospectus by any other person in connection with any Non-exempt Offer of Notes.  Any 
Non-exempt Offer made without the consent of the Issuer is unauthorised and neither the Issuer nor, 
for the avoidance of doubt, any Dealer accepts any responsibility or liability for the actions of the persons 
making any such unauthorised offer.  If, in the context of a Non-exempt Offer, an Investor is offered Notes 
by a person who is not an Authorised Offeror, the Investor should check with that person whether anyone is 
responsible for this Base Prospectus for the purposes of the relevant Non-Exempt Offer and, if so, who that 
person is.  If the Investor is in any doubt about whether it can rely on this Base Prospectus and/or who is 
responsible for its contents it should take legal advice. 
Consent 
In connection with each Tranche of Notes and subject to the conditions set out below under “Common 
conditions to consent”, the Issuer consents to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant 
time, if applicable) in connection with a Non-exempt Offer of such Notes by: 
(a) 
the relevant Dealer stated in the relevant Final Terms; 
(b) 
any intermediaries specified in the relevant Final Terms (as defined herein); and

--- Page 5 ---
v 
 
 
(c) 
any other financial intermediary appointed after the date of the relevant Final Terms and whose name 
is published on the Issuer’s website (www.danskebank.com)  and identified as an Authorised Offeror 
in respect of the relevant Non-exempt Offer. 
The financial intermediaries referred to in paragraphs (b) and (c) above are together the “Authorised 
Offerors” and each an “Authorised Offeror”. 
Common conditions to consent 
The conditions to the Issuer’s consent are that such Consent: 
(i) 
is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
only extends to the use of this Base Prospectus to make Non-exempt Offers of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes in each relevant State specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods (if any) occurring within 12 months of the date 
of this Base Prospectus. 
The only relevant States referred to in (ii) above which may, in respect of any Tranche of Notes, be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (if any relevant States are so specified), will be Denmark, Finland, 
Germany, Ireland, Luxembourg, Norway and Sweden, and accordingly each Tranche of Notes may only be 
offered to Investors as part of a Non-exempt Offer in Denmark, Finland, Germany, Ireland, Luxembourg, 
Norway and/or Sweden, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, or otherwise in circumstances in which no 
obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
Arrangements between Investors and Authorised Offerors 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO ACQUIRE OR ACQUIRING ANY NOTES IN A NON-
EXEMPT OFFER FROM AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL DO SO, AND OFFERS AND SALES 
OF SUCH NOTES TO AN INVESTOR BY SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE MADE, IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH ANY TERMS AND OTHER ARRANGEMENTS IN PLACE BETWEEN 
SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR AND SUCH INVESTOR INCLUDING AS TO PRICE, 
ALLOCATIONS AND SETTLEMENT ARRANGEMENTS.  THE ISSUER WILL NOT BE A PARTY 
TO ANY SUCH ARRANGEMENTS WITH SUCH INVESTORS IN CONNECTION WITH THE 
NON-EXEMPT OFFER OR SALE OF THE NOTES CONCERNED AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS 
BASE PROSPECTUS AND ANY FINAL TERMS WILL NOT CONTAIN SUCH INFORMATION.  
THE INVESTOR MUST LOOK TO THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR AT THE TIME OF SUCH 
OFFER FOR THE PROVISION OF SUCH INFORMATION AND THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR 
WILL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR SUCH INFORMATION.  NEITHER THE ISSUER NOR, FOR THE 
AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, ANY DEALER HAS ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO AN 
INVESTOR IN RESPECT OF SUCH INFORMATION. 
In relation to any on-going non-exempt public offers commenced prior to the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the Issuer will republish the Final Terms in the form set out in this Base Prospectus. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
AND OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Issue Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the 
Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or 
any Issue Terms comes are required by the Issuer and any Dealer to inform themselves about and to observe 
any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on 
the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Issue Terms and other offering material relating to the Notes,

--- Page 6 ---
vi 
 
 
see “Subscription and Sale” herein. In particular, Notes have not been and will not be registered under the 
Securities Act or any state securities law, and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, any U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act), except pursuant 
to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and 
applicable state securities laws.  Hedging transactions may not be conducted unless in compliance with the 
Securities Act.  For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes, see “Subscription and 
Sale” below.  The Notes do not constitute, and have not been marketed as, contracts of sale of a commodity 
for future delivery (or options thereon) subject to the United States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended, 
and trading in Notes has not been approved by the Commodities Futures Trading Commission under the 
Commodity Exchange Act, as amended. Notes may be in bearer form which are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Issue Terms may be used for the purpose of an offer 
or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to 
any person to whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Issue Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for 
or purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any Dealer that any 
recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Issue Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient 
of this Base Prospectus or any Issue Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of 
the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
All references in this Base Prospectus to “Danish Kroner”, “kroner”, “DKr” or “DKK” are to the 
currency of Denmark, to “EUR” or “euro” are to the currency introduced at the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the functioning of the European Union, as amended, 
of those members of the European Union which are participating in the European economic and monetary 
union (the “Eurozone”), to “SEK” are to the currency of Sweden, to “GBP” are to the currency of the UK 
and all references to “U.S.$”, “USD” and “U.S. Dollars” are to the currency of the United States of America. 
Responsibility Statement 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Issue 
Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to 
affect its import. References herein to this “Base Prospectus” are to this document, as supplemented from 
time to time including the documents incorporated by reference. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the relevant Issue Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the “PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT - UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of

--- Page 7 ---
vii 
 
 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 on markets in financial instruments as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”); or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.  
MIFID PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET 
The relevant Issue Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled “MiFID II product 
governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however; a distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET 
The relevant Issue Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. A distributor (as defined above) should take into consideration the 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purposes of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more “benchmarks” for 
the purposes of the Benchmarks Regulation. In this case, the relevant Issue Terms will indicate whether or not 
the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of 
the Benchmarks Regulation. Transitional provisions in the Benchmarks Regulations may have the result that 
the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks at the date of the relevant Issue Terms. The registration status of any administrator under the 
Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer 
does not intend to update the relevant Issue Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the 
administrator.

--- Page 8 ---
viii 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
SECTION A - RISK FACTORS, DESCRIPTIONS OF THE NOTES AND INVESTMENT 
CONSIDERATIONS ....................................................................................................................... A-1 
SECTION A.1 - RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................... A-1 
SECTION A.2 - DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES ...................................................................... A-27 
SECTION A.3 - INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS .............................................................. A-160 
SECTION B - DOCUMENTS ...................................................................................................................... B-1 
SECTION B.1 - DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ........................................ B-1 
SECTION B.2 - DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE FOR INSPECTION ............................................. B-5 
SECTION C - DESCRIPTION OF THE DANSKE BANK GROUP .......................................................... C-1 
SECTION D - GENERAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE PROGRAMME AND THE 
NOTES ............................................................................................................................................. D-1 
SECTION D.1 - GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ........................................ D-1 
SECTION D.2 - GENERAL INFORMATION RELATING TO ISSUANCE OF NOTES ............ D-8 
SECTION D.3 - OVERVIEW OF FORM OF THE NOTES......................................................... D-10 
SECTION D.4 - SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ............................................................................ D-14 
SECTION D.5 - TAXATION ........................................................................................................ D-18 
SECTION E - TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES .................................................................. E-1 
SECTION E.1 - GENERAL CONDITIONS ................................................................................... E-1 
SECTION E.2 - SCHEDULES TO THE GENERAL CONDITIONS .......................................... E-29 
REFERENCE ITEM SCHEDULE 1 Rate-Linked Notes ......................................................... E-29 
REFERENCE ITEM SCHEDULE 2 Credit-Linked Notes ...................................................... E-41 
REFERENCE ITEM SCHEDULE 3 Inflation-Linked Notes ................................................ E-110 
REFERENCE ITEM SCHEDULE 4 Index-Linked Notes ..................................................... E-115 
REFERENCE ITEM SCHEDULE 5 Equity-Linked Notes ................................................... E-124 
REFERENCE ITEM SCHEDULE 6 Fund-Linked Notes ...................................................... E-135 
REFERENCE ITEM SCHEDULE 7 Currency Linked Notes ................................................ E-148 
REFERENCE ITEM SCHEDULE 8 Commodity-Linked Notes ........................................... E-150 
REFERENCE ITEM SCHEDULE 9 Additional Disruption Events ...................................... E-160 
PAYOUT SCHEDULE 1 INTEREST ......................................................................................... E-163 
PAYOUT SCHEDULE 2 REDEMPTION .................................................................................. E-188 
SECTION E.3 - PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS ......................................................................... E-249 
SECTION E.4 - EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT .......................... E-322 
SECTION F - NAMES, ADDRESSES AND ROLES ................................................................................... F-1

--- Page 9 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
A-1 
 
 
SECTION A - RISK FACTORS, DESCRIPTIONS OF THE NOTES AND INVESTMENT 
CONSIDERATIONS 
SECTION A.1 – RISK FACTORS 
Prospective investors should read the entire Base Prospectus and reach their own views prior to 
making any investment decision. 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under any 
Notes. All of these factors are contingencies that may or may not occur. 
Factors which the Issuer believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks 
associated with Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the material risks inherent in investing 
in Notes, but the Issuer may be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any 
Notes for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer based on information 
currently available to it and which it may not currently be able to anticipate. 
Words and expressions defined in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below or elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this section, unless otherwise stated. 
Factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the 
Programme 
The Danske Bank Group is exposed to a variety of risks, the most significant of which are credit risk, 
market risk, liquidity, funding and capital risk, insurance and pension risk, and non-financial risk. Failure to 
control these risks could result in adverse effects on the Issuer’s financial performance and reputation. 
The Danske Bank Group (the “Danske Bank Group” or the “Group”) is exposed to a number of 
risks and manages them at different organisational levels. The principal risk categories are as follows: 
 
Credit risk: The risk of losses because debtors fail to meet all or part of their payment obligations to 
the Group. Credit risk includes counterparty credit risk. Counterparty credit risk arises as a 
combination of credit risk (a deterioration in the creditworthiness of a counterparty) and market risk 
(the potential value of derivatives contracts).  Danske Bank Group takes on counterparty credit risk 
when it enters into derivatives transactions (interest rate, foreign exchange, equity and credit contracts) 
and securities-financing transactions. 
 
Market risk: The risk of losses or gains caused by changes in the market values of the Group’s financial 
assets, liabilities and off-balance-sheet items resulting from changes in market prices or rates. Market 
risk affects the Group’s financial statements through the valuation of on-balance-sheet and off-
balance-sheet items: some of the Group’s financial instruments, assets and liabilities are valued on the 
basis of market prices, while others are valued on the basis of market prices and valuation models 
developed by the Group. In addition, net interest income generated through the non-trading portfolio 
will be affected by the level of interest rates. 
 
Liquidity, funding and capital risk: The risk that the Group has to issue liabilities or own funds at 
excessive costs, is unable to pursue its business strategy due to balance sheet requirements and 
restrictions, or the Group ultimately cannot fulfil its payment obligations due to lack of funds. 
Liquidity risk is the risk that a lack of funding leads to excessive costs or prevents the Group from 
maintaining its business model or fulfilling its payment obligations. Capital risk is the risk of not 
having enough capital to cover all material risks arising from the Group’s chosen business strategy.

--- Page 10 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
A-2 
 
 
 
Insurance and pension risk: Danske Bank Group’s insurance and pension risk consists of the risks 
originating from its ownership of Danica Pension. This includes market risk, life insurance risk and 
operational risk. As part of its product offerings, Danica Pension provides guaranteed life annuities; 
insurance against death, disability and accident; and cover against adverse investment returns. This 
exposes the Group to underwriting risks such as longevity and disability risks as well as to market 
risk. Underwriting risk is the risk of losses from the insurance business. At Danica Pension, these risks 
are almost exclusively life insurance risks, and they arise naturally out of the business model.  Most 
underwriting risks materialise over long time horizons during which the gradual changes in biometric 
conditions deviate from those assumed in contract pricing. 
 
Non-financial risk: The risk of financial losses or gains, regulatory impact, reputational impact or 
customer impact resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes or from people, systems or 
external events, including legal and compliance risks. Non-financial risk consists of operational risk, 
financial crime risk, conduct risk, technology risk, model risk as well as financial control and strategic 
risk. See also “Regulatory changes could materially affect the Issuer’s business” and “The Group 
operates in a legal and regulatory environment that exposes it to potentially significant litigation and 
regulatory risks” below. 
Regulatory changes could materially affect the Issuer’s business 
The Issuer is subject to financial services laws, regulations, administrative actions and policies in 
Denmark and in each other jurisdiction in which the Issuer carries on business. Changes in supervision and 
regulation, in particular in Denmark, could materially affect the Issuer’s business, the products and services 
offered or the value of its assets. Although the Issuer works closely with its regulators and continually monitors 
the situation, future changes in regulation, fiscal or other policies can be unpredictable and are beyond the 
control of the Issuer. 
Various aspects of banking regulations are still under debate internationally, including inter alia, 
proposals to review standardised and internally modelled approaches for capital requirements for credit, 
market and operational risk (together with a proposed capital floor based on the revised standardised 
approaches for financial institutions using internal models) as well as proposals to increase a financial 
institution’s ability to absorb losses in a situation where it is deemed no longer viable. 
The Issuer is subject to risks as a result of implementation of the European Banking and Capital 
Markets Union. The Group has entities both within and outside the Eurozone. Due to this, the Issuer is subject 
to risks as a result of potentially different implementation of the European Banking and Capital Markets Union 
within and outside the Eurozone. This may entail further obligations on the Issuer dependent on where the 
specific Group entity is located. 
The Group operates in a legal and regulatory environment that exposes it to potentially significant litigation 
and regulatory risks 
The Group may become involved in various disputes and legal proceedings in Denmark and other 
jurisdictions, including litigation and regulatory investigations. The Group’s banking and other operations, 
including its insurance operations, like those of other financial services companies, have been the subject of 
regulatory scrutiny from time to time. For example, the Group is subject to applicable anti-money laundering 
and terrorist financing laws. The supervisory authorities conduct on-going inspections from time to time of the 
Group’s compliance with anti-money laundering (“AML”) legislation, sanctions, and terrorist financing laws, 
which can potentially lead to supervisory actions. 
The Group is also subject to various laws and regulations relating to financial and trade sanctions in 
the jurisdictions in which it operates, including but not limited to those of the Nordic countries, the European 
Union and the United States. These laws and regulations require the Group, amongst other things, to adopt and 
enforce “know-your-customer” policies and procedures and in some countries to report specific transactions

--- Page 11 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
A-3 
 
 
to the relevant regulatory authorities. In connection with such voluntary reporting by the Group or its 
correspondent banks, or otherwise as part of the Group’s dialogue with such regulatory authorities, the Group 
from time to time shares information with them pertaining to certain customer payments that may have been 
made illegally or for improper purposes using the Group’s banking network. Although the Group has adopted 
policies and procedures aimed at detecting and preventing the use of its banking network for illegal or improper 
purposes, such policies and procedures are not always effective in detecting and preventing such transactions, 
and the Group is continuously seeking to enhance its procedures. Failure by the Group to comply with financial 
and trade sanctions may result in regulatory investigations, fines and other penalties on the Group, and its 
business and reputation could suffer if customers use its banking network for such illegal or improper purposes. 
Disputes and legal proceedings generally are subject to many uncertainties, and their outcomes are 
often difficult to predict, particularly in the earlier stages of a case or investigation. Adverse regulatory action 
or adverse judgments in litigation could result in reputational harm, fines or restrictions or limitations on the 
Group’s operations, any of which could result in a material adverse effect on the Group’s financial condition. 
Further information on specific legal proceedings and developments are included in the section “Legal and 
Regulatory Proceedings” on page C-5 of this Base Prospectus.    
The Issuer faces increased capital requirements due to the finalisation of the Basel III Framework 
In December 2017, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the “BCBS”) published revised 
standards for capital requirements for banks. The political process to implement the revised standards in the 
European Union has only recently been initiated - therefore, the outcome is subject to substantial uncertainty. 
The Group expects the European Commission to present a legislative proposal in the first half of 2021. It is 
thus still too early to assess the potential impact in detail. However, the Group expects the European Union 
implementation to imply increased risk exposure amount (“REA”) for the Group, which will likely imply 
higher capital requirements for the Issuer. The Issuer is however confident that it will be able to meet any new 
requirements resulting from the EU implementation of the revised Basel standards. 
The European Union Banking Reform package (the “EU Banking Reform”), consisting of Directive 
2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council (“CRD V”), Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council (“CRR II”) and Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council (“BRRD II”), was adopted in June 2019. The rules implementing CRD V and BRRD II 
into Danish law, with certain exemptions, entered into force on 28 December 2020, whereas the CRR II, with 
certain exemptions, will be applicable from the end of June 2021. The Group assesses the rest of the package 
(CRR II) to have limited capital and REA impact on the Issuer. CRD V and BRRD II were implemented into 
Danish law by Act No. 2110 of 22 December 2020 on Changes to the Financial Business Act, the Recovery 
and Resolution Act of Certain Financial Undertakings, the Capital Markets Act and Cessation of the Act on 
Finansiel Stabilitet (changes as a result of the revision of CRD V and BRRD II) (the “Danish BRRD II/CRD 
V Act”).  
Until fully implemented, the Issuer cannot predict the precise effects of the changes that result from 
the implementation of the finalisation of the Basel III framework on its own financial performance or the 
impact on the pricing of its Notes issued under the Programme. Prospective investors in Notes should consult 
their own advisers as to the consequences of the implementation of the finalisation of the Basel III framework. 
The European Union has adopted a bank recovery and resolution directive which is intended to enable a range 
of actions to be taken in relation to credit institutions and investment firms considered to be at risk of failing. 
Should the Group enter into resolution this could, in certain limited circumstances, ultimately entail the bail-
in of Notes 
The European Union-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms (Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended by Directive 2019/879/EU) (the “BRRD”) and its 
national implementation ultimately implies the risk of bail-in of Notes issued by the Issuer if the Group were 
to enter into resolution, and the relevant resolution authority chose to apply the bail-in tool.

--- Page 12 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
A-4 
 
 
Holders of Notes may be subject to write-down or conversion into equity on any application of the 
general bail-in tool as described above which may result in Holders losing some or all of their investment. The 
exercise of any power under the BRRD or any suggestion of such exercise could, therefore, materially 
adversely affect the rights of Holders, the price or value of their investment in any relevant Notes and/or the 
ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any relevant Notes.  Should Notes be subject to either write-
down or conversion under the powers under the BRRD, this could imply losses for the Holders.  Prospective 
investors in Notes should consult their own advisors as to the consequences of the implementation of BRRD. 
The Group will have to pay additional amounts under resolution funds or deposit guarantee schemes 
In Denmark and other jurisdictions, deposit guarantee schemes and similar funds (“Deposit 
Guarantee Schemes”) have been implemented from which compensation for deposits may become payable 
to customers of financial services firms in the event a financial services firm is unable to pay, or unlikely to 
pay, claims against it. In most jurisdictions in which the Group operates, these Deposit Guarantee Schemes 
and resolution funds are funded, directly or indirectly, by financial services firms which operate and/or are 
licensed in the relevant jurisdiction. The future target level of funds to be accumulated in Deposit Guarantee 
Schemes and resolution funds across different EU countries may exceed the minimum target levels provided 
for in the BRRD, Directive 2014/49/EC (the “revised Deposit Guarantee Schemes Directive”) and in 
Regulation 2014/806/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council establishing uniform rules and a 
uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a 
Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation 1093/2010/EC (the 
“SRM”) (the latter of which will be relevant for Danish credit institutions should Denmark choose to 
participate in the Banking Union, which includes the SRM).   
Through participation in the Deposit Guarantee Fund for Depositors and Investors (the “Danish 
Guarantee Fund”), Danish credit institutions undertake to cover losses incurred on covered deposits held 
with distressed credit institutions. The Danish Guarantee Fund’s capital must amount to at least 0.8 per cent. 
of the covered deposits of all Danish credit institutions by 31 December 2024. The Danish Guarantee Fund is 
currently fully funded, but if the fund subsequently does not have sufficient means to make the required 
payments, extraordinary contributions of up to 0.5 per cent. of the individual institution’s covered deposits 
may be required. Extraordinary contributions above this percentage require the consent of the DFSA. If the 
Danish Guarantee Fund’s capital falls below two-thirds of the minimum amount (0.8 per cent. of covered 
deposits), the Danish Guarantee Fund must reach the target level again within six years.   
The Issuer, Realkredit Danmark and other Danish financial institutions must make contributions to the 
Danish resolution fund on the basis of the amount of their respective liabilities (excluding own funds) less 
covered deposits and risks relative to other financial institutions in Denmark. The assets of the Danish 
resolution fund must equal at least 1 per cent. of the covered deposits of all Danish financial institutions by 31 
December 2024. The first contributions to the Danish resolution fund were paid in the fourth quarter of 2015. 
The intention is for losses to be covered by the annual contributions made by the participating financial 
institutions. Consequently, if the Danish resolution fund does not have sufficient means, extraordinary 
contributions of up to three times the latest annual contributions may be required. 
In addition, the Issuer’s international subsidiaries contribute to national deposit guarantee schemes 
and resolution funds to the extent required. 
The Group may be affected by economic and geopolitical conditions in the countries in which it operates 
The financial services industry generally prospers in conditions of economic growth, stable 
geopolitical conditions, capital markets that are transparent, liquid and buoyant, and positive investor 
sentiment. Each of the Group’s operating segments is affected by general economic and geopolitical 
conditions, which can cause the Group’s results of operations and financial position to fluctuate from year to 
year as well as on a long-term basis. The Group’s performance is in particular significantly influenced by the

--- Page 13 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
A-5 
 
 
general economic conditions of the countries in which it operates, in particular the Nordic markets (Denmark, 
Sweden, Norway and Finland) and Northern Ireland.  
The novel strain of the coronavirus (“COVID-19”) pandemic caused an economic contraction in the 
Nordic countries in 2020. Preliminary data shows a decline in GDP of 2.7 per cent. in Denmark, 3 per cent. in 
Sweden, 3.1 per cent. in Norway and 2.8 per cent. in Finland. For comparison, the decline in the euro area was 
6.7 per cent. and in the UK, it was 9.8 per cent. The economic contraction took place in the first half of the 
year, primarily as a result of restrictions on activity and voluntary restraint by consumers. There was a 
resurgence in activity in the third quarter of 2020 but not enough to restore GDP to pre-pandemic levels. New 
restrictions may have caused a renewed decline in activity in the first quarter of 2021. 
The crisis has not caused a significant increase in bankruptcies in 2020 in the Nordic countries. 
Government schemes have provided liquidity support, in many cases in the form of postponement of tax 
payments to 2021 or later. Hence, an elevated number of bankruptcies is likely as these payments become due. 
House prices have increased across the Nordics in 2020, despite the decline in GDP. Household savings have 
increased due to the decrease in spending. 
From 2014 to 2019, Denmark has experienced annual GDP growth close to 2.5 per cent., and a 
sustained increase in employment. Growth has been driven by increasing consumption, business investment 
and exports. Growth in Sweden accelerated to 4.2 per cent. in 2015 supported by private consumption and 
housing investment. Growth has since moderated to 1.8 per cent. in 2016, 2.8 per cent. in 2017 and 2.1 per 
cent. in 2018 as housing investment has declined. In 2019, unemployment increased and the economy slowed 
down further on the back of declining housing investments and only modest private consumption growth. 
GDP-growth was 1.4 per cent. in 2019. Norway was negatively affected by the decline in oil prices in 2014, 
but did not experience an actual recession and has, since 2017, been recovering from a period of low growth, 
as oil-related investment has recovered. Finland suffered 3 years of declining GDP due to, among other things, 
declining exports to Russia, and a need to tighten fiscal policy. Since 2015, growth has accelerated and reached 
3.2 per cent. in 2017, driven primarily by investments and an increase in private consumption, before slowing 
to 1.1 per cent. in 2019. 
Across the Nordic countries, growth has been sustained before 2020 by increasing private 
consumption in the years since the financial crisis. In Denmark and Sweden real wages have grown due to low 
inflation, and employment has increased. Norway has experienced higher inflation following the depreciation 
of the Norwegian Kroner, but real wage increases have remained positive. In Finland, real wages decreased in 
2017 due to, among other things, an internal devaluation in the shape of a one-year wage freeze. However, 
real wages have since increased and low inflation and interest rates, combined with an income tax cut, have 
kept private consumption going strong. Years of rapid house price increases in Sweden and Norway reversed 
in 2017, especially in Sweden where prices decreased significantly in the second half of 2017 but have 
recovered since. Norwegian house prices declined in the first half of 2017 led by lower prices in Oslo as supply 
of new housing has increased and access to mortgage financing has been limited by regulatory measures. Since 
then, prices have increased again, on average to levels above the levels before the decline.  
As Nordic countries are small, open economies, they are sensitive to disruptions in the global economy 
or the free flow of goods and services. Very accommodating central bank monetary policy and low interest 
rates have had, and continue to have, an impact on the Group’s net interest income. Adverse economic 
developments have affected and will continue to affect the Group’s business in a number of ways, including, 
among others, the income, wealth, liquidity, business and/or financial condition of the Group’s customers, 
particularly its small- and medium-sized enterprise (“SME”) customers, which, in turn, could further reduce 
the Group’s credit quality (resulting in increased impairment charges) and demand for the Group’s financial 
products and services. As a result, any or all of the conditions described above could continue to have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial position, and measures implemented 
by the Group might not be satisfactory to reduce any credit, market and liquidity risks.

--- Page 14 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
A-6 
 
 
COVID-19 outbreak could continue to have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of 
operations and financial position 
COVID-19, identified in China in late 2019, has spread throughout the world and on 11 March 2020, 
the World Health Organization confirmed that its spread and severity had escalated to the point of pandemic. 
The outbreak of COVID-19 has resulted in authorities, including those in the Nordic countries, implementing 
numerous measures to try to contain the virus, such as travel bans and restrictions, curfews, lockdowns, 
quarantines and shutdowns of businesses and workplaces, and has led to materially increased volatility and 
declines in financial markets and significant worsening of the macroeconomic outlook. The duration of such 
restrictions is highly uncertain, but could be prolonged, and even stricter measures may be put in place. Such 
restrictions are already in place in all of the Group’s markets. 
The spread of COVID-19 has led the Group to modify its operational practices, and it may take further 
actions required by authorities or that it determines are in the best interests of its employees, customers and 
other stakeholders. There is no certainty that such measures will be sufficient to mitigate the risks posed by 
COVID-19, and the implementation of such measures (or their insufficiency) could harm the Group’s ability 
to perform some of its critical functions and serve its customers. The pandemic and related counter-measures 
have affected and continue to affect some of the Group’s customers adversely, which in some cases may be 
material, which could in turn have an adverse impact on the Group (for example, through deteriorations in 
credit quality and higher impairments). In 2020, credit quality remained overall strong, and the high level of 
expected credit losses mainly reflected two things. Firstly, the significant impairment charges in the first 
quarter of 2020 relating to changes in the forward-looking macroeconomic scenarios driven by the COVID-
19 pandemic. Most of these were later released, as key economic indicators performed better than expected. 
The Issuer has, however, countered these model-driven releases with sector-specific post-model adjustments 
of DKK 2.7 billion, as the Issuer continues its cautious approach to risks and visibility is limited. Secondly, 
the Issuer has booked charges against oil-related exposures of DKK 3.3 billion in 2020. So far, the need for 
charges against COVID-19 sensitive sectors have been fairly limited due to government support programmes 
and the Issuer’s balanced portfolio. 
The full economic impact of COVID-19 is outside of the Group’s control and will depend on the 
spread of the virus and the response of the local authorities and the global community. COVID-19 had a 
negative impact on the Issuer’s financial results for the year ending 31 December 2020 as loan impairment 
charges increased for the year ending 31 December 2020 due to more severe scenarios. The ability of the 
Group’s customers to serve their contractual obligations, including to the Group, may also be materially 
adversely affected. Other potential risks include credit rating migration, which could negatively impact the 
Group’s risk-weighted assets and capital position, and potential liquidity stress due to, among other factors, 
increased customer drawdowns, notwithstanding the significant initiatives that governments and central banks 
have put in place to support funding and liquidity. The degree to which COVID-19 impacts the Group’s results 
of operations, liquidity, access to funding and financial position will depend on future developments, which, 
as at the date of this Base Prospectus, are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. These developments may 
include, but are not limited to, the duration and spread of COVID-19, its severity, actions taken to contain the 
virus or treat its impact, the extent and effectiveness of economic stimulus taken to contain the virus or treat 
its impact and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and business activity can resume.  
The factors described above could, together or individually, have a material adverse effect on the 
business, results of operations, financial position and liquidity of the Group. 
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market and other risks associated 
with the Notes issued under the Programme 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk:

--- Page 15 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
A-7 
 
 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this could 
adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell its Notes 
Certain stock exchanges and quotation systems may impose market making obligations on the Issuer 
and/or the relevant Dealer in respect of the listing and/or admission to trading of an issue of Notes. Details of 
any such market making obligations will be set out in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market 
does develop, it may not be liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices 
that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. 
This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are 
designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment 
requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited 
secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. An active secondary market in 
respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid. Illiquidity may have a severe adverse effect 
on the market value of Notes. As a result, it is possible a Holder may need to hold its Notes until maturity and 
be unable to realise Notes prior to maturity, even where it would wish to do so. See also “The Group may be 
affected by economic and geopolitical conditions in the countries in which it operates” above. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor’s home currency, it will be exposed to 
movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of its holding. In addition, the imposition of 
exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those Notes 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the 
risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor’s Currency or Specified Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the 
value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor’s Currency-
equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the 
Notes and (iii) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Governmental and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect 
of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or 
principal as measured in the Investor’s Currency. 
The market value of Notes will be affected by a number of factors independent of the creditworthiness of the 
Issuer 
Holders should be aware that the Notes are capital-at-risk investments. Consequently, the amount paid 
on redemption may be less than the principal amount of the Notes, together with any accrued interest, and may 
in certain circumstances be zero.  
Holders are exposed to the creditworthiness of the Issuer. If the Issuer were to become insolvent, 
Holders’ claims under the Notes will rank equally in right of payment with all other unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and an Investor in Notes may therefore lose all or some of its 
investment therein, irrespective of any favourable development of the factors set out below.  
Other factors, independent of the creditworthiness of the Issuer, are likely to affect the value of and 
return on the Notes in the market, including but not limited to: 
(i) 
market interest and yield rates;

--- Page 16 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
A-8 
 
 
(ii) 
fluctuations in exchange rates; 
(iii) 
liquidity of the Notes in the secondary market; 
(iv) 
the time remaining to any redemption date or the maturity date; 
(v) 
economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions, including factors 
affecting capital markets generally. 
All of the above factors may influence the value of and return on the Notes in the market. Some of 
these factors are inter-related in a complex way, and consequently, the effect of any one factor may be offset 
or magnified by the effect of another factor. There is a risk that if an Investor sells its Notes prior to maturity, 
the price received may be significantly lower than the amount originally invested and the Investor may lose 
some or all of its investment.  
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer may not reflect all the risks associated with an investment in the Notes 
and may be lowered, withdrawn or not maintained 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer. The ratings 
may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, 
and other factors that may affect the value of Notes or the standing of the Issuer. 
The expected rating(s), if any, of the Notes will be set out in the relevant Issue Terms for each Series 
of Notes. Any rating agency may lower its rating or withdraw its rating if, in the sole judgement of the rating 
agency, the credit quality of the Issuer has declined or is in question. A credit rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
There is no guarantee that any rating of the Issuer will be maintained by the Issuer following the date 
of this Base Prospectus. If any rating assigned to the Issuer is revised lowered, suspended, withdrawn or not 
maintained by the Issuer, the perception of the Issuer’s creditworthiness in the market may be adversely 
affected. As a result, the market value of the Notes may be reduced, leading to a Holder being unable to sell 
its Notes or receiving a price which is lower than the value of its original investment. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the 
consent of all investors 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Holders (including 
by way of conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) to consider and vote upon matters affecting 
their interests generally, or to pass resolutions. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Holders 
including Holders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Holders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority. 
Investors who purchase Notes in denominations that are not an integral multiple of the Specified Denomination 
may be adversely affected if Definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Bearer Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus an integral multiple of another smaller amount in excess thereof, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral 
multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a Holder who, as a result of trading such 
amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in its account with the 
relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a Definitive Note in respect of such holding 
(should Definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its

--- Page 17 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
A-9 
 
 
holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. If a Holder does not wish to do this it would not receive a 
Definitive Note and would be unable to realise any value from its holding of the Notes. 
If Definitive Notes are issued, Holders should be aware that Definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade and as such, Holders may be required to retain their investment until redemption.  
There is no taxation gross-up on certain issues of Notes 
If General Condition 8.3 (No gross-up) is specified as Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Issuer shall not be liable for or otherwise obliged to pay any tax, duty, withholding or other payment which 
may arise as a result of the ownership, transfer, presentation and surrender for payment, or enforcement of any 
Note and all payments made by the Issuer shall be made subject to any tax, duty, withholding or other payment 
which may be required to be made, paid, withheld or deducted. The Issuer shall not be liable to pay any 
additional amounts in respect of such withholding or deduction. Amounts which an Investor receives on the 
Notes may therefore be less than anticipated as a result of a tax change.  
Taxes and expenses may be payable by Holders in connection with the Notes 
Potential purchasers and sellers of Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay stamp taxes 
or other documentary charges in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where the Notes are 
transferred, which may reduce any profit from a holding of the Notes. 
Potential purchasers who are in any doubt as to their tax position should consult their own independent 
tax advisers. In addition, potential purchasers should be aware that tax regulations and their application by the 
relevant taxation authorities change from time to time. Accordingly, the precise tax treatment which applies at 
any given time may change, and may in turn reduce any profit from a holding of the Notes and/or adversely 
affect the value of the Notes in the market. 
U.S. Dividend Equivalent Withholding 
Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, causes a 30 per cent. 
withholding tax on amounts attributable to U.S. source dividends that are paid or “deemed paid” under certain 
financial instruments if certain conditions are met (such instruments, “Specified Notes”). If the Issuer or any 
withholding agent determines that withholding is required, neither the Issuer nor any withholding agent will 
be required to pay any additional amounts with respect to amounts so withheld. Amounts which a Holder 
receives on the Notes may therefore be less than anticipated as a result of such a United States tax change. 
Prospective investors should refer to the section “Taxation– U.S. Dividend Equivalent Withholding.” 
For purposes of withholding under the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, commonly known 
as FATCA, Specified Notes are subject to a different grandfathering rule than other Notes. Prospective 
investors should refer to the section “Taxation – Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act.” 
The proposed financial transactions tax (“FTT”) may apply in respect of certain dealings in Notes 
Prospective investors should refer to the “Investment Considerations” section of this Base Prospectus 
for information in relation to the FTT. There is a risk that the FTT may give rise to tax liabilities for the Issuer 
with respect to certain transactions if it is adopted. The Issuer is, in certain circumstances, able to pass on any 
such tax liabilities to Holders of the Notes and therefore this may result in Holders receiving less than expected 
in respect of the Notes.

--- Page 18 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
A-10 
 
 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have 
features which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most 
common such features. Investors should also note the descriptions of various types of Notes set out under 
Section A.2 (Description of the Notes) below. 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing 
such “benchmarks” 
A number of interest rates and other published values, indices which are “benchmarks” are the subject 
of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are 
already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to 
perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or to have consequences which cannot be predicted. 
Any such consequence could decrease the value of or lead to lower returns on Notes linked to or referencing 
such a benchmark. See “Regulation of benchmarks” under “Investment Considerations” below for an overview 
of key international regulatory initiatives relating to the reform of benchmarks, including the European Union 
Regulation on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the 
performance of investment funds (the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”, which has applied, subject to certain 
transitional provisions, since 1 January 2018) and Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”). 
In addition to so-called “critical benchmarks” such as the London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) 
and the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”), other interest rates, foreign exchange rates and indices 
(including equity, commodity and "proprietary" indices or strategies), will in most cases be within scope of 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation as benchmarks where they are used to 
determine the amount payable under, or the value or performance of, certain financial instruments (including 
Notes listed on a European Union regulated market or European Union multilateral trading facility), and in a 
number of other circumstances. 
The Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a 
material impact on a benchmark and any Notes linked to or referencing such benchmark or on hedging 
arrangements in respect of any such Notes, including in the following circumstances: 
 
if the administrator of the relevant benchmark does not obtain relevant authorisations or 
registrations or the relevant benchmark is not registered in or is removed from the relevant register 
of approved benchmarks, with the consequence that such benchmark may not be used by certain 
supervised entities in the European Union or the UK, as applicable; or 
 
if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the 
requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable.  
Such changes or any other consequential changes as a result of national or international reforms or 
other initiatives or investigations could, among other things, have the effect of discouraging market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to the benchmark, reducing, increasing or otherwise 
affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant benchmark or causing the benchmark to 
cease which may consequently have an adverse effect on the value of and return on the Notes. 
Holders should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation and/or UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, and 
any other national or international reforms in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked 
to or referencing a benchmark.

--- Page 19 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
A-11 
 
 
In addition, under the terms of the Notes a General Administrator/Benchmark Event may arise if, 
among other things, any of the following circumstances occurs or will occur: (1) a benchmark is materially 
changed or cancelled or its use is prohibited, or (2)(i) any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, 
equivalence decision or approval in respect of the benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the benchmark 
is not obtained, is rejected or refused, or is withdrawn or suspended, (ii) the benchmark or the administrator or 
sponsor of the benchmark is not included in or is removed from an official register or does not fulfil any 
required legal or regulatory requirement or (iii) a relevant supervisor officially announces the benchmark is no 
longer representative or, as of a future specified date, will no longer be representative of any relevant 
underlying market(s). The occurrence of a General Administrator/Benchmark Event may cause the Issuer to 
adjust the terms and conditions of the Notes or early redeem the Notes.  
The Issuer has a wide discretion in making any adjustments following a General 
Administrator/Benchmark Event. Such adjustments may include selecting one or more successor benchmarks 
and making related adjustments to the Notes, including the application of an adjustment spread and, if 
applicable, adjustments to reflect increased costs. Such adjustments may result in payments that are lower 
than, or do not otherwise correlate over time with, the payments that would have been made on the Notes if 
the original rate had continued to be published in its original form and used for the purposes of the Notes.  
It is possible that a General Administrator/Benchmark Event or details of it are announced 
significantly in advance of action being appropriate in relation to the relevant Notes. The Issuer is only obliged 
to notify investors once it has determined the action to be taken as a result of the relevant event. 
On 5 March 2021, ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (“IBA”), the authorised and regulated 
administrator of LIBOR announced its intention to cease the publication of all 35 LIBOR settings on 31 
December 2021, or for certain USD LIBOR settings, on 30 June 2023 (the “IBA Announcement”). The IBA 
notified the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) of its intention and on the same date, the FCA published an 
announcement on the future cessation and loss of representativeness of the 35 LIBOR settings (the “FCA 
Announcement”). For any Notes where the reference rate or benchmark is a LIBOR, the IBA Announcement 
and/or the FCA Announcement may constitute a General Administrator/Benchmark Event and/or a Reference 
Rate Event, which will entitle the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent to make certain determinations and/or 
adjustments in respect of the Notes or may early redeem the Notes as described under “The regulation and 
reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing such “benchmarks” 
above and “Risks relating to Rate-Linked Notes” below, irrespective of the fact that such announcements have 
occurred prior to the Issue Date.  
Whilst fallback provisions in respect of such Notes may have been triggered prior to the Issue Date, 
the effective date and consequences of such fallbacks as applied by the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent 
may not take effect until significantly after the date of such announcements. Investors should ensure that they 
read the fallback provisions applicable to their particular Notes and the related risk factors in light of this 
possibility. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to 
changes in market interest rates 
The market value of any specific Series of Notes issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon 
Notes) or premium to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest 
rates than do prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities.  Usually, the longer the remaining term 
of such securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities 
with comparable maturities. Any such price volatility may have an adverse effect on the market value of any 
specific Series of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium to their principal amount, which, in turn, 
may lead to a Holder being unable to sell its Notes or receiving a price which is lower than the value of its 
original investment.

--- Page 20 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
A-12 
 
 
The Issuer has issued covered bonds. If any relevant claims in respect of these covered bonds are not met out 
of the pool of assets or the proceeds arising from it, any remaining claims will subsequently rank pari passu 
with the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes 
The Issuer has issued covered bonds in accordance with the Danish Financial Business Act. 
In accordance with the UCITS Directive and the Capital Requirement Directive, the covered bonds 
have the benefit of priority over a matched pool of assets upon bankruptcy of the Issuer. To the extent that 
claims in relation to the covered bonds and related derivative contracts, any refinancing bonds issued by the 
administrator, any short-term loans taken out by the administrator and any senior debt (if any) issued with the 
benefit of the assets in the cover pool are not met out of the pool of assets or the proceeds arising from it, the 
residual claims will rank pari passu with the unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, including 
obligations on the Notes. On an insolvency of the Issuer, the money available to meet the claims of Holders 
will be less than if those other claims did not arise. Accordingly, there is a risk that a Holder of such Notes 
may lose all or part of its original investment. 
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a ‘Green Bond’, the use of proceeds 
may not be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor 
Investors should refer to the “Investment Considerations” section of this Base Prospectus for 
information in relating to Green Loans (as defined in “Use of Proceeds” below) that promote climate-friendly 
and other environmental purposes. Notes issued to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, such Green Loans 
are referred to as “Green Bonds”. While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net 
proceeds of any Green Bonds in, or substantially in, the manner described in this Base Prospectus and/or the 
relevant Issue Terms, (i) there can be no assurance that it will be possible for the Issuer to invest an amount 
equal to the net proceeds of the relevant Green Bonds in Green Loans in accordance with any particular timing 
schedule and the Issuer may temporarily hold or invest any unallocated net proceeds at its own discretion in 
the manner described in the Issuer's Green Bond Framework and (ii) there can be no assurance that any Green 
Loans will be capable of being used in or substantially in the manner or with the results or outcome (whether 
or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. This will not constitute 
an event of default or enforcement event under any Green Bonds or give rise to a right or obligation to early 
redeem any Green Bonds. 
As there is no clear definition or consensus in the market as to what constitutes a “green” or 
“sustainable” or an equivalently-labelled loan, there is a risk that the Issuer’s use of the net proceeds of any 
Green Bonds may not meet with a Holder’s expectations, requirements or investment criteria and an investor 
may be unable to unwind or recover all or part of its original investment.  
An opinion or certification of a third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) may be made 
available in connection with Green Bonds or Green Loans, but the providers of such opinions and certifications 
may not be subject to any specific oversight or regulatory regime. Green Bonds may also be listed or admitted 
to trading on a dedicated “green”, “environmental”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of 
any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), and Investors should be aware that the 
criteria for such listings or admission to trading may vary and may not meet an Investor’s expectations. There 
is a risk that any such opinion, certification, listing or admission to trading may not be maintained by the Issuer 
or may be withdrawn. This may adversely affect the market value of the Green Bonds and in turn, an Investor 
may be unable to realise all or part of its investment.

--- Page 21 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
A-13 
 
 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves a 
similar effective return 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when 
the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of such Notes generally will not rise substantially above 
the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest 
payable on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be 
able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
If the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes become illegal, the Issuer may redeem the Notes early 
In the event that the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that the performance of the Issuer’s 
obligations under a Series of Notes or that any arrangements made to hedge the Issuer’s obligations under such 
Notes has or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part, the Issuer may, having 
given notice to the Holders, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes of such Series and, to the extent 
permitted by applicable law, will pay to each Holder in respect of each Calculation Amount held by such 
Holder, an amount equal to the fair market value of such Calculation Amount (which, if so specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, shall include amounts in respect of interest) on a day selected by the Issuer ignoring the 
relevant unlawfulness, illegality or prohibition, adjusted to account fully for any losses, expenses and costs to 
the Issuer (or any of its affiliates) of unwinding any underlying and/or related hedging and funding 
arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent, or, in respect of Exempt Notes, such other amount 
determined as specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement.  Investors should note that any such amount may 
be paid a time an Investor would not have expected or may be zero in which case the Investor will have lost 
the full amount of its original investment. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be affected by movements in market interest rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase 
above the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes, in 
which case a Holder of Fixed Rate Notes may be unable to sell such Notes or may receive a price which is 
lower than the value of its original investment. 
Investors in Capped Floating Rate Notes will not benefit from increases in reference rates which would apply 
to Floating Rate Notes with no cap 
Capped Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate equal to the sum of a reference rate such as LIBOR 
and the specified margin (if any) subject to a maximum specified rate. The maximum amount of interest 
payable in respect of these Notes will occur when the sum of the reference rate and the specified margin (if 
any) equals the maximum specified rate. Holders of Capped Floating Rate Notes will therefore not benefit 
from any increase in the relevant reference rate which, when the specified margin is added to such reference 
rate, would otherwise cause such interest rate to be exceed the maximum specified rate. The market value of 
these Notes would therefore typically fall the closer the sum of the relevant reference rate and the margin is to 
the maximum specified rate, and in these circumstances, the Holder of such Notes may be unable to sell such 
Notes or may receive a price which is lower than the value of its original investment. 
Variable Rate Notes may be volatile investments 
The amount of interest payable in respect of Notes having a variable rate of interest will vary 
depending on movements in the relevant interest rates and can be volatile investments. Interest rates are

--- Page 22 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
A-14 
 
 
influenced by macro-economic, political or financial factors, speculation and central bank and government 
intervention in one or more jurisdictions. In recent years, interest rates have been relatively low and stable, but 
this may not continue and interest rates may rise and/or become volatile. Fluctuations that have occurred in 
any interest rate in the past are not necessarily indicative, however, of fluctuations that may occur in such 
interest rate during the term of any Note. Fluctuations in interest rates will affect the value of Variable Rate 
Notes and Holders are exposed to resulting volatility in the value of the Notes. In the event the value decreases, 
an Investor in such Variable Rate Notes is unlikely to realise the full value of its original investment. 
Where a Rate of Interest is determined in conjunction with a multiplier or other leverage factor, the effect of 
changes will be enhanced 
If the amount of interest payable in respect of Variable Rate Notes is determined in conjunction with 
a multiplier greater than one or by reference to some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the interest 
rates on interest payable will be magnified and a Holder risks greater losses as compared with an investment 
in Notes which do not have such features. If the amount of interest payable is determined in conjunction with 
a multiplier less than one, the effect of changes in the interest rates on interest payable will be minimised. 
For Accumulated Interest Notes, interest is accumulated during the term of the Notes and it only paid on or 
about the Maturity Date 
Where the relevant Issue Terms specifies that Accumulated Interest applies to the Notes, investors 
will receive no periodic payments of interest during the term of the Notes and will only receive the relevant 
Interest Amounts on or about the maturity date of the Notes. Therefore, investors will only be able to realise 
value from such Notes prior to the maturity date by selling the Notes in the secondary market (if such a market 
exists) prior to the maturity date. Holders should therefore be prepared to hold such Notes to maturity. 
General risks relating to Notes linked to Reference Item(s) 
The relevant Issue Terms will (if applicable) contain information relating to any reference entity (each 
a “Reference Entity”), underlying rate, inflation index, index, equity security, fund interest, exchange rate, 
commodity or other item(s) (each a “Reference Item”) to which the relevant Notes relate and which are 
specified in such Issue Terms. Notes linked to the credit of one or more Reference Entities are “Credit-Linked 
Notes”, Notes linked to one or more underlying rates are “Rate-Linked Notes”, Notes linked to an inflation 
index are “Inflation-Linked Notes”, Notes linked to one or more indices are “Index-Linked Notes”, Notes 
linked to one or more equity securities are “Equity-Linked Notes”, Notes linked to one or more fund interests 
are “Fund-Linked Notes”, Notes linked to one or more exchange rates are “Currency-Linked Notes”, Notes 
linked to one or more commodities are “Commodity-Linked Notes” and, together with Credit-Linked Notes, 
Inflation-Linked Notes, Index-Linked Notes, Equity-Linked Notes and Fund-Linked Notes, are “Reference 
Item-Linked Notes”. 
Holders are exposed to the performance of the Reference Item(s) 
In relation to Reference Item-Linked Notes other than Credit-Linked Notes, as the amount of interest 
payable periodically may be and/or the principal payable at maturity will be linked to the performance of one 
or more Reference Item(s), investors must generally be correct about the direction, timing and magnitude of 
any anticipated change in the value of the relevant Reference Item(s). 
The relevant Notes will represent an investment linked to the Reference Item(s) specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms and prospective investors should note that the return (if any) on their investment in Notes 
will depend upon the performance of, or events related to, such Reference Item(s) and, in the case of Credit-
Linked Notes, the value of certain obligations issued by or guaranteed by such Reference Item(s). Potential 
investors should also note that whilst the market value of such Notes is linked to such Reference Item(s) and 
will be influenced (potentially negatively) by such Reference Item(s), any change may not be comparable and 
may be disproportionate. Notes represent the right to receive payment of the relevant cash amount on any early

--- Page 23 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
A-15 
 
 
redemption date or the relevant Maturity Date, as well as periodic payments of interest (if specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms), some or all of which may be determined by reference to the performance of the relevant 
Reference Item(s) or, in the case of Credit-Linked Notes, the value of certain obligations issued by or 
guaranteed by such Reference Item(s). The relevant Issue Terms will set out certain details in relation to any 
cash amount payable on any early redemption date or the Maturity Date and of any periodic interest payments. 
Fluctuations in the value and/or volatility and/or liquidity of the relevant Reference Item(s) or, in the 
case of Credit-Linked Notes, the value of obligations issued by or guaranteed by such Reference Item(s) may 
affect the value of the relevant Notes. Holders in Notes risk losing their entire investment. 
There is no return on Notes other than the potential payment of the relevant cash amount on the 
Maturity Date and payment of any periodic or accumulated interest payments. 
Other factors which may influence the market value of Notes include interest rates, potential dividend 
or other types of distribution payments (as applicable) in respect of the relevant Reference Item(s), changes in 
the method of calculating the level of the relevant Reference Item(s) from time to time and market expectations 
regarding the future performance of the relevant Reference Item(s) (or the issuer of such Reference Item(s)), 
their composition and the Notes. In addition, the market value of the Notes will be affected by economic, 
financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions, including factors affecting any stock exchange on 
which any Reference Item (or component of such Reference Item) may be traded. 
The price at which a Holder will be able to sell any Notes prior to maturity may be at a discount, which 
could be substantial, to the market value of such Notes on the issue date. The market value of Inflation-Linked 
Notes, Index-Linked Notes, Equity-Linked Notes, Fund-Linked Notes, Currency-Linked Notes or 
Commodity-Linked Notes prior to maturity will depend on whether the market price, level or value of the 
Reference Item(s) is below, equal to or above the market price, level or value of the relevant Reference Item(s) 
on the issue date. The historical level or market price of any rate, inflation index, index, equity security, fund 
interest, exchange rate or commodity should not be taken as an indication of such Reference Item’s future 
performance during the term of any Note. 
Investors will have no Claim against any Reference Item 
A Note will not represent a claim against any Reference Item or the issuer or sponsor of any Reference 
Item and, in the event that the amount paid on redemption of the Notes is less than the principal amount of the 
Notes, a Holder will not have recourse under a Note to any Reference Item the obligations of any Reference 
Item or such issuer or sponsor. 
Hedging arrangements of the Issuer may adversely affect the value of the Notes 
In the ordinary course of its business, including without limitation in connection with its market 
making activities, the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates may effect transactions for its own account or for the 
account of its customers and hold long or short positions in the Reference Item(s), obligations issued by the 
Reference Item(s) or related derivatives. In addition, in connection with the offering of the Notes, the Issuer 
and/or any of its affiliates may enter into one or more hedging transactions with respect to the Reference 
Item(s), obligations issued by the Reference Item(s) or related derivatives. In connection with such hedging or 
market-making activities or with respect to proprietary or other trading activities by the Issuer and/or any of 
its affiliates, the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates may enter into transactions in the Reference Item(s), 
obligations issued by the Reference Item(s) or related derivatives without needing to notify or take into account 
the interests of the Holders. These transactions may adversely affect the market price, liquidity or value of the 
Notes and this may be adverse to the interests of the relevant Holders.

--- Page 24 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
A-16 
 
 
Conflicts of interest in respect of the Notes 
Where the Issuer acts as Calculation Agent or the Calculation Agent is an affiliate of the Issuer, 
potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent and Holders, including with respect to 
certain determinations and judgements that the Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Notes. Many of 
these determinations and judgments could reduce the amount receivable on redemption of the Notes. 
The Issuer, any Dealer or any of their respective Affiliates may, at the date hereof or at any time 
hereafter, acquire or be in possession of non-public information in relation to a Reference Item that is or may 
be material in the context of the Notes and may or may not be publicly available to Holders. There is no 
obligation on the Issuer or any Dealer to disclose to Holders any such information notwithstanding the impact 
that such disclosure could have on a Holder’s decision to continue with its investment. None of the Issuer, the 
Dealer(s) or any of their respective Affiliates is under any obligation: (i) to review on the Holders’ behalf, the 
business, financial conditions, prospects, creditworthiness, status or affairs of the Reference Items or conduct 
any investigation or due diligence into the Reference Items or (ii) other than as may be required by applicable 
rules and regulations relating to the Notes, to make available (1) any information relating to the Notes or (2) 
any non-public information they may possess in respect of the Reference Items.  
The Issuer and/or any of its affiliates may have existing or future business relationships with any 
Reference Item(s) (including, but not limited to, lending, depositary, risk management, advisory and banking 
relationships), and will pursue actions and take steps that they or it deems necessary or appropriate to protect 
their and/or its interests arising therefrom without regard to the consequences for a Holder. 
An investment in Notes linked to one or more Reference Items may entail significant risks not 
associated with investments in conventional debt securities, including but not limited to the risks set out in 
this section “General risks related to Notes linked to Reference Item(s)”. The amount paid by the Issuer on 
redemption of such Notes may be less than the principal amount of the Notes, together with any interest 
payable, and may in certain circumstances be zero. 
Risks relating to Rate-Linked Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of interest payable is dependent upon variable interest 
rates (“Rate-Linked Notes”). 
Potential investors in any such Notes should be aware that, depending on the terms of the Rate-Linked 
Notes they may receive no or a limited amount of interest. In addition, movements in the level of the relevant 
rate may be subject to significant fluctuations and the timing of changes in the relevant interest rate may affect 
the actual yield to investors, even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. 
If the amount of interest payable is determined in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or by 
reference to some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the rate of interest for the relevant period will 
be magnified. 
Many economic and market factors may adversely influence the value of Rate-Linked Notes including, 
inter alia, general economic, financial, political or regulatory conditions and expectations concerning the 
relevant interest rate. Any such factors may either offset or magnify each other causing significant volatility 
in the secondary market (if any) for Rate-Linked Notes. 
If a relevant interest rate has not been published on a specified date and a Reference Rate Event has 
not occurred, the Calculation Agent may use underlying rates for a previous interest period or determination 
date to determine the relevant interest rate for the relevant period. 
Reference Rate Event

--- Page 25 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
A-17 
 
 
A Reference Rate Event may arise if, among other things, any of the following circumstances occurs 
or will occur: (1) a benchmark is materially changed or cancelled or its use is prohibited, or (2)(i) any 
authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval in respect of the 
benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the benchmark is not obtained, is rejected or refused or is 
withdrawn or suspended, (ii) the benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the benchmark is not included 
in or is removed from an official register or does not fulfil any required legal or regulatory requirement, 
(iii) there is an official announcement that the administrator of the relevant benchmark has ceased or will cease 
to provide such Reference Rate and there is no successor administrator, (iv) the relevant benchmark is no 
longer representative or, as of a future specified date, will no longer be representative of any relevant 
underlying market and economic reality that it is intended to measure or (v) any event which otherwise 
constitutes an “index cessation event”.  
Following the occurrence of a Reference Rate Event, the Calculation Agent will seek to determine 
(i) a replacement reference rate and (ii) the related adjustment spread required in order to reduce or eliminate, 
to the extent reasonably practicable, any transfer of economic value from the Issuer to the Holders (or vice 
versa) that would otherwise arise as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the replacement 
reference rate. If it determines the replacement reference rate and related adjustment spread, it may also 
determine such other amendments which it considers necessary or appropriate in order to replace the Reference 
Rate with the replacement reference rate and the terms and conditions shall be amended as of the cut-off date, 
being (A) the later of the date on which the Reference Rate ceases or becomes non-representative or 60 
business days following the date of the relevant announcement or publication or (B) the later of the Issue Date 
and either (I) 60 business days following the date on which the Calculation Agent determines that the relevant 
event has occurred or (II) the date on which any material change or prohibition of use of the Reference Rate 
becomes effective or the date following any non-approval, rejection or suspension of any authorisation, 
registration or similar requirement on which the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity would not be 
permitted to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes, as applicable. 
Any replacement reference rate shall be either a pre-nominated reference rate specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms or, if no such rate is specified, either (a) a replacement reference rate which is formally 
designated by a relevant central bank or other supervisory authority or the administrator of the Reference Rate 
or (b) a replacement reference rate that the Calculation Agent determines has been recognised or acknowledged 
as being the industry standard for derivative transactions which reference such Reference Rate, or (c) if the 
Calculation Agent determines that there is no such rate, any other replacement reference rate which it 
determines to be a commercially reasonable alternative. Any such replacement reference rate may be a “risk 
free rate”. See “Regulation of benchmarks” under “Investment Considerations” below for certain 
considerations relating to risk free rates.If the Calculation Agent determines that it is not possible or 
commercially reasonable to identify a replacement reference rate and/or adjustment spread and related 
amendments or to make required amendments following a Benchmark Modification or if it is or would be 
unlawful or contrary to any applicable licence for the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to perform the relevant 
actions or an adjustment spread would subject the Issuer or Calculation Agent to material additional regulatory 
obligations or any required adjustments would not achieve a commercially reasonable result for the Issuer or 
the Noteholders, in each case, prior to the cut-off date, the Issuer shall early redeem the Notes. 
Following the occurrence of a Reference Rate Event but prior to the cut-off date, the Reference Rate 
may continue to be used for the purposes of the Notes if it is still available and representative of the underlying 
market and economic reality it is intended to measure and the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity 
is permitted to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes. Otherwise, the level of the Reference Rate will 
be determined by the Calculation Agent either by reference to a previously published level or by reference to 
an industry standard or other commercially reasonable rate, index or benchmark determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
The Calculation Agent has a wide discretion in making any amendments following the occurrence of 
a Reference Rate Event. As described above, such amendments may include selecting one or more replacement 
reference rates and making related amendments to the Notes, including the application of an adjustment spread

--- Page 26 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
A-18 
 
 
and, if applicable, amendments to reflect, among other things, increased costs. Such amendments may result 
in payments that are lower than, or do not otherwise correlate over time with, the payments that would have 
been made on the Notes if the original rate had continued to be published in its original form and used for the 
purposes of the Notes. 
It is possible that a Reference Rate Event or details of it are announced significantly in advance of 
action being appropriate in relation to the relevant Notes. The Issuer is only obliged to notify investors once it 
has determined the action to be taken as a result of the relevant event. 
In addition, investors in Rate-Linked Notes should be aware that: 
 
the composition and characteristics of any pre-nominated replacement reference rate or 
otherwise the replacement reference rate will not be the same as those of the Reference Rate 
which it replaces, nor will it be the economic equivalent of such Reference Rate, and there 
can be no assurance that it will perform in the same way as such Reference Rate would have 
or that it will be a comparable substitute for such Reference Rate. Therefore, the replacement 
of the Reference Rate with a pre-nominated replacement reference rate or otherwise the 
replacement reference rate could adversely affect the value of the Notes, the return on the 
Notes and the price at which a Holder would be able to sell such Notes;  
 
the failure of any pre-nominated replacement reference rate or otherwise the replacement 
reference rate to gain market acceptance could adversely affect the Notes; 
 
any pre-nominated replacement reference rate or otherwise the replacement reference rate may 
have a very limited history and its future performance cannot be predicted based on historical 
performance; 
 
the secondary trading market for Notes linked to any pre-nominated replacement reference 
rate or otherwise the replacement reference rate may be limited; and  
 
the administrator of any pre-nominated replacement reference rate or otherwise the 
replacement reference rate may discontinue such rate or make changes that could change its 
value and the administrator has no obligation to consider any holder's interests in doing so. 
Consequently, potential investors in any Notes that reference a Reference Rate should be aware that 
the Reference Rate may be replaced, or the Notes may be early redeemed, in each case, without the consent of 
Holders. 
Risks relating to Credit-Linked Notes 
General risks relating to Credit-Linked Notes 
The Issuer may issue Credit-Linked Notes where the amount payable is dependent upon whether 
certain events (“Credit Events”) have occurred in respect of one or more Reference Entity/Entities and, if so, 
on the value of certain specified assets of such Reference Entity/Entities. 
Prospective investors in any such Credit-Linked Notes should be aware that depending on the terms 
of the Credit-Linked Notes (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest (or other periodic payments), 
(ii) payments may occur at a different time than expected and (iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of 
their investment. 
As the amount of interest payable in respect of Credit-Linked Notes and the likelihood of Credit-
Linked Notes being redeemed early may be affected by the credit of the relevant Reference Entity, investors 
must generally be correct about changes in the credit of the relevant Reference Entity or Reference Entities.

--- Page 27 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
A-19 
 
 
The market price of Credit-Linked Notes may be volatile and may be adversely affected by, amongst 
other things, the time remaining to the redemption date, prevailing credit spreads and the creditworthiness of 
the relevant Reference Entity/Entities which in turn may be affected by the economic, financial and political 
events in one or more jurisdictions. Such volatility or a reduction in the market price may mean the Credit-
Linked Notes are illiquid or difficult to trade or can only be sold for an amount less than the amount invested 
by the Holders. 
Certain Credit-Linked Notes may be highly leveraged instruments, including without limitation (i) 
Credit-Linked Notes linked to a notional amount of Reference Entities or Obligations exceeding the 
Calculation Amount or Issue Price of the Credit-Linked Notes, as applicable, or (ii) Credit-Linked Notes linked 
to the first-to-default reference entity within a reference portfolio (or similar arrangements over a reference 
portfolio). The use of leverage is a speculative investment technique which will magnify the losses sustained 
by Holders in the event of a Credit Event. 
The Issuer’s obligations in respect of Credit-Linked Notes are irrespective of the existence or amount 
of the Issuer’s and/or any Affiliates’ credit exposure to a Reference Entity and the Issuer and/or any Affiliate 
need not suffer any loss nor provide evidence of any loss as a result of the occurrence of a Credit Event. 
2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
While there are many similarities between the terms used in this Base Prospectus (in particular, in 
Reference Item Schedule 2 (Credit-Linked Notes)) and the terms used in the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivative 
Definitions, as supplemented from time to time (the “Credit Derivatives Definitions” or “2014 ISDA 
Definitions”), there are a number of differences.  The Issuer has amended certain provisions of the Credit 
Derivatives Definitions so there may be incorporated in the terms of an offering of the Credit-Linked Notes.  
Therefore the complete terms and conditions of the Credit-Linked Notes are as set out in this Base Prospectus 
and the relevant Issue Terms and the Credit Derivative Definitions are not incorporated by reference herein.   
The credit derivatives market has evolved over time and is expected to continue to change.  Consequently, the 
Credit Derivatives Definitions and the terms applied to credit derivatives generally, including Credit-Linked 
Notes are subject to further evolution.  Past events have shown that the view of market participants may differ 
as to how the Credit Derivatives Definitions operate or should operate. The ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions are subject to continuous evolution and require further amendment when reflected in the terms of 
an offering of securities such as the Credit Linked Notes, meaning that the Credit Linked Securities may not 
conform to future market standards. In any case Credit-Linked Notes are not equivalent to investing in a credit 
default swap which incorporates the ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions and may provide Holders with 
economically worse results. 
Changes to the terms applicable to credit derivatives generally may not be predicable or favourable to 
the Issuer or the Holders. 
Differences between the 2003 ISDA Definitions and the 2014 ISDA Definitions 
The Issuer has issued Credit-Linked Notes under previous base prospectuses in respect of the 
Programme. Such previous Credit-Linked Notes reflected certain provisions of the 2003 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (as supplemented, the “2003 ISDA Definitions”).  There are a number of important 
differences between the 2003 ISDA Definitions and the 2014 ISDA Definitions and Holders should refer to 
the “Investment Considerations” section of this Base Prospectus for an overview.  
Some changes, such as the inclusion of a new Credit Event, may mean that the economic terms of the 
Credit-Linked Notes are not as attractive to Holders in the secondary market compared with Credit-Linked 
Notes issued under previous Base Prospectuses of the Issuer, and may result in the value of the Credit-Linked 
Notes and the return (if any) to investors being significantly lower than Credit-Linked Notes issued under 
previous Base Prospectuses of the Issuer.

--- Page 28 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
A-20 
 
 
These changes have been reflected in Reference Item Schedule 2 (Credit-Linked Notes) of this Base 
Prospectus, but in each case subject to important differences, including to reflect the nature of the Notes as 
compared to “over-the-counter” transactions and to reflect any hedging arrangements of the Issuer.  Some 
changes, such as the inclusion of a new Credit Event, may have significant adverse economic effect on the 
Credit-Linked Notes and may mean the value of the Credit-Linked Notes and the return (if any) to investors 
is significantly lower than Credit-Linked Notes issued under previous Base Prospectuses of the Issuer.  Some 
changes may be disadvantageous to Holders and prospective investors should review carefully the terms of 
any issue of Notes and, where in any doubt, take advice from suitably qualified professional advisers. 
Amendment of Reference Item Conditions in accordance with market convention 
The Calculation Agent may from time to time amend any provision of Reference Item Schedule 2 
(Credit-Linked Notes) to incorporate and/or reflect further or alternative documents or protocols from time to 
time published by ISDA with respect to the settlement of credit derivative transactions and/or the operation or 
application of determinations by the ISDA Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees which the 
Calculation Agent and the Issuer determine in a commercially reasonable manner are necessary to reflect or 
govern market practice for credit derivative transactions or hedging arrangements of the Issuer.  Such 
amendments may reduce the amount of payments made to Holders under Reference Item Schedule 2 and alter 
the timing of any such payments in a way that is unfavourable to Holders. 
Cheapest to deliver 
Following a Credit Event Determination Date, subject to Auction Settlement procedures, if applicable, 
the Issuer is entitled to select Valuation Obligation(s) for valuation which have the lowest value in the market 
at the relevant time, notwithstanding that its selection may be contrary to the interests of Holders and provided 
such obligation satisfies certain specifications and limits for qualification as a Valuation Obligation. 
Increased credit risk is associated with “First-to-Default”, “Nth-to-Default” or Portfolio Credit-Linked Notes 
Where the Notes are First-to-Default Credit-Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Credit-Linked Notes or 
Portfolio Credit-Linked Notes, the Notes may be subject to redemption in full upon the occurrence of a Credit 
Event in relation to the first or the nth or each Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event occurs.  The 
credit risk to Holders may further be increased as a result of the concentration of Reference Entities in a 
particular industry sector or geographic area or the exposure of the Reference Entities to similar financial or 
other risks. 
In the case of Tranched Portfolio Credit-Linked Notes, the Final Redemption Amount will only be 
reduced if the percentage loss caused by the relevant Credit Event(s) on or prior to the Credit Event 
Observation Date exceeds the specified Attachment Point. However, the Final Redemption Amount will be 
reduced to zero where such percentage loss exceeds the specified Detachment Point. 
Holders’ exposure to the credit performance of the Reference Entities may not correspond to actual 
market recovery on such Reference Entities, including for Zero/Set Recovery Notes. 
Increase of risk due to the replacement of a Reference Entity or succession 
Reference Entities may be replaced due to events beyond the control of the Issuer, such as the merger 
of a corporate entity with another entity, in which case the Reference Entity may be replaced by its successor. 
Each such replacement may increase in the credit risk involved for the Holders and Holders have no 
involvement in selecting the type or timing of replacements.

--- Page 29 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
A-21 
 
 
Amendment of Reference Item Conditions in accordance with the terms of the Notes 
In addition, the Calculation Agent is permitted to make adjustments to the Terms and Conditions with 
respect to any relevant Notes in certain circumstances, including where a Suspension Period occurs or in the 
event of changes to a Credit Event Redemption Date.  Such adjustments may affect both payments (of interest 
and/or principal) made to Holders and the timing of any such payments including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
reductions in future payments of interest and/or principal. 
Risks relating to Auction Settlement of Credit-Linked Notes 
Where an Auction Final Price Determination Date occurs, the Auction Final Price will be determined 
according to an auction procedure set out in the applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms, a form of 
which will be published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto) from time 
to time and may be amended from time to time.  The Auction Final Price determined pursuant to an auction 
may be less than the market value that would otherwise have been determined in respect of any particular 
obligation of the Reference Entity.  The Issuer and the Holders may have little or no influence in the outcome 
of any such auction. 
Following the occurrence of a Credit Event, the amount payable in respect of the Notes may be 
determined by reference to the Auction Final Price determined according to an auction procedure set out in 
the applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. The Issuer or the Calculation Agent (or one of their 
Affiliates) may act as a participating bidder in any such auction.  In such capacity, it may take certain actions 
which may influence the Auction Final Price including (without limitation): (a) providing rates of conversion 
to determine the applicable currency conversion rates to be used to convert any obligations which are not 
denominated in the auction currency into such currency for the purposes of the auction; and (b) submitting 
bids, offers and physical settlement requests with respect to the relevant Obligations.  In deciding whether to 
take any such action (or whether to act as a participating bidder in any auction), the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent (or any Affiliate of any of them) shall be under no obligation to consider the interests of any Holder. 
Role of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has the power to make binding decisions on critical 
issues such as whether a Credit Event has occurred, which obligations are to be valued and whether an auction 
should take place in accordance with and as more fully described in the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees Rules, as published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto) 
from time to time and as amended from time to time.  Consequently, payments on the Credit-Linked Notes 
and the timing of any such payments may be affected by any such relevant decisions if Auction Settlement is 
specified as the applicable Settlement Method for a series of Credit-Linked Notes in the relevant Issue Terms 
and investors will have no control over how such decisions are made. However, such decisions may be binding 
upon investors and are likely to have a significant impact on the return (if any) to investors. 
Credit Event and Successor Backstop Dates 
In respect of a Credit Event relating to a series of Credit-Linked Notes, a Credit Event may not be 
triggered if the relevant Credit Event occurred prior to the Credit Event Backstop Date.  For Successor 
determinations the look-back period is 90 calendar days and functions similarly.  These provisions mean that 
while there is a time limit on the ability to act on a Credit Event or Successor Event, it is possible that the 
Credit-Linked Notes could be affected by a Credit Event or Successor Event that took place prior to the Trade 
Date of which the Holder may have had no knowledge.

--- Page 30 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
A-22 
 
 
Settlement Suspension, Adjustments and Interest Provisions 
Prospective investors should refer to the “Investment Considerations” section of this Base Prospectus 
for information as to the circumstances in which a Suspension Period (as defined therein) may occur and the 
impact of such a period on interest-bearing Credit-Linked Notes. 
In the event of any such Suspension Period, the Calculation Agent may make (i) such consequential 
or other adjustment(s) or determination(s) to or in relation to the Terms and Conditions as may be desirable or 
required, but which may be unfavourable to Holders, either during or following any relevant Suspension Period 
to account for or reflect such suspension and (ii) determine the effective date of such adjustment(s) or 
determination(s). 
Risks relating to Inflation-Linked Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of principal and/or interest payable is dependent upon 
the level, or changes in the level, of an inflation index or a basket of inflation indices (together “Inflation-
Linked Notes”). 
Potential investors in any such Notes should be aware that, depending on the terms of the Inflation-
Linked Notes (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or interest may 
occur at a different time than expected and (iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal 
investment. In addition, movements in the level of the inflation index or basket of inflation indices may be 
subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or other 
indices and the timing of changes in the relevant level of the inflation index or inflation indices may affect the 
actual yield to investors, even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. 
Many economic and market factors may adversely influence the value of Inflation Linked Notes 
including, among other things, general economic, financial, political or regulatory conditions, fluctuations in 
the prices of various consumer goods and energy resources and inflation and expectations concerning inflation. 
Any such factors may either offset or magnify each other causing significant volatility in the secondary market 
(if any) for Inflation-Linked Notes. As a result, Holders may find that Inflation-Linked Notes are illiquid or 
difficult to trade and should be prepared to hold their investment to maturity. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the level of a relevant inflation index has not been published 
or announced by a specified Relevant Determination Date, then a Substituted Index Level for the relevant 
inflation index will be determined by reference either to the terms of any specified Related Bond or by 
reference to a formula as set out in the Conditions or as specified in the relevant Final Terms, as the case may 
be. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the level of an inflation index has not been published or 
announced by an Index Sponsor for two consecutive months or such other period as is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms and/or an Index Sponsor announces that it will no longer continue to publish or announce such 
inflation index, the Calculation Agent shall either (i) determine a Successor Index pursuant to the terms of any 
specified Related Bond or (ii) designate a “Successor Index” as the replacement inflation index specified by 
the relevant Index Sponsor or (iii) if no successor inflation index can be determined by reference to (i) or (ii) 
the Calculation Agent may determine the relevant Successor Index. In each case, the Calculation Agent may 
make such adjustment(s) to the terms of the Notes it deems necessary or appropriate to account for any such 
replacement, which may not be favourable to Holders. If the Calculation Agent determines that there is no 
appropriate alternative inflation index, the Issuer may redeem the Notes early at the Early Redemption 
Amount. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an inflation index has been or will be rebased at any time, it 
may make such adjustments to the levels of such inflation index (following the terms of any specified Related

--- Page 31 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
A-23 
 
 
Bond, where there is a Related Bond) so that such levels reflect the same rate of inflation as the inflation index 
before it was rebased and may make such adjustments to the terms of the Notes as it deems necessary. 
If on or prior to a specified Relevant Determination Date, an Index Sponsor announces that it will 
make a material change to an inflation index, the Calculation Agent shall make appropriate adjustments to the 
terms of the Notes (consistent with any adjustments made to any Related Bond, where there is a Related Bond) 
to account for such change. 
Risks relating to Index-Linked Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of principal and/or interest (“Index-Linked Notes”) 
payable is dependent upon the level, or changes in the level, of an index or a basket of indices. 
Potential investors in any such Notes should be aware that, depending on the terms of the Index-Linked 
Notes (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or interest may occur 
at a different time than expected and (iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal investment. 
In addition, movements in the level of the index or basket of indices may be subject to significant fluctuations 
that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices and the timing of changes in 
the relevant level of the index or indices may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average level is 
consistent with their expectations. 
The Calculation Agent may determine that an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day (as defined in 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below) has occurred at any relevant time. Any such determination may 
have an effect on the timing of valuation and consequently adversely affect the value of the Notes and/or may 
delay any applicable interest payments and/or settlement.  
If an Index Adjustment Event (being, in summary, a material change in the formula for or the method 
of calculating a relevant index, any other material modification of the relevant index, a cancellation of the 
relevant index or a failure to calculate and announce a relevant index) occurs, prospective purchasers should 
note that, at the Issuer’s option, the Notes may be subject to adjustment which may not be favourable to 
Holders, the relevant index may be substituted by a replacement index or the Issuer may redeem the Notes 
early at the Early Redemption Amount together with, if so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, accrued 
interest. 
The market price of such Notes may be volatile and may be adversely affected by the time remaining 
to the redemption date and the volatility of the level of the index or indices. The level of the index or indices 
may be affected by the economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions, including the 
stock exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which any securities comprising the index or indices may be 
traded. 
The value of an index on any day will reflect the value of its constituents on such day. Changes in the 
composition of such index and factors (including those described above) which either affect or may affect the 
value of the constituents, will affect the value of such Reference Item and therefore may affect the return on 
an investment in the relevant Notes. 
In relation to Index-Linked Notes which are linked to an Index, the constituents of which are 
commodities or commodity futures or options contracts (a “Commodity Index”), investors should also note 
the final paragraphs under the heading “Commodity-Linked Notes” below. 
Risks relating to Equity-Linked Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of principal and/or interest payable is dependent upon 
the price of or changes in the price of an equity security or a basket of equity securities (“Equity-Linked 
Notes”).

--- Page 32 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
A-24 
 
 
Potential investors in any such Notes should be aware that, depending on the terms of the 
Equity-Linked Notes (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or 
interest may occur at a different time than expected and (iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their 
investment. In addition, movements in the price of the equity security or basket of equity securities may be 
subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or indices 
and the timing of changes in the relevant price of the equity security or equity securities may affect the actual 
yield to investors, even if the average price is consistent with their expectations. 
The Calculation Agent may determine that an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day (as defined in 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below) has occurred at any relevant time. Any such determination may 
have an effect on the timing of valuation and consequently adversely affect the value of the Notes and/or may 
delay any applicable interest payments and/or settlement.  
If “Potential Adjustment Events” (being, in summary, certain corporate events which may have a 
diluting, concentrative or other effect on the theoretical value of the relevant equity securities) and/or 
“Extraordinary Events” (being, in summary, a de-listing, a merger event, a tender offer, a nationalisation or an 
insolvency, in each case, affecting the relevant equity securities and certain additional extraordinary events 
relating to equity securities which are specified, in the relevant Issue Terms to be ETF shares) are specified as 
Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, prospective purchasers should note that the Notes may be subject to 
adjustment which may not be favourable to Holders or, if “Extraordinary Events” are specified as Applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, the Issuer may redeem the Notes early at the Early Redemption Amount together 
with, if so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, accrued interest. 
In respect of Equity-Linked Notes relating to an equity security or equity securities originally quoted, 
listed and/or dealt as of the Trade Date in a currency of a member state of the European Union that has not 
adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty on the functioning of the European Union, as 
amended, if such equity security or equity securities is/are at any time after the Trade Date quoted, listed and/or 
dealt exclusively in euro on the relevant Exchange, prospective purchasers should note that the Calculation 
Agent will adjust any of the Terms and Conditions as the Calculation Agent determines to be appropriate to 
preserve the economic terms of the Notes. Prospective purchasers should also note that the Calculation Agent 
will make any conversion necessary for the purposes of any such adjustment as of the relevant Valuation Time 
at an appropriate mid-market spot rate of exchange determined by the Calculation Agent prevailing as of the 
relevant Valuation Time. 
The market price of such Notes may be volatile and may be adversely affected by the time remaining 
to the redemption date, the volatility and/or liquidity of the equity security or equity securities, the dividend 
rate (if any) and the financial results and prospects of the issuer or issuers of the relevant equity security or 
equity securities as well as economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions, including 
factors affecting the stock exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which any such securities may be traded. 
Risks relating to Fund-Linked Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of principal and/or interest payable is dependent upon 
the price of or changes in the price of a fund interest or a basket of fund interests (together “Fund-Linked 
Notes”). 
Potential investors in any such Notes should be aware that, depending on the terms of the Fund-Linked 
Notes (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or interest may occur 
at a different time than expected and (iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment. In 
addition, movements in the price of the fund interest or basket of fund interests may be subject to significant 
fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, currency exchange rates or indices and the 
timing of changes in the relevant price of the fund interest or fund interests may affect the actual yield to 
investors, even if the average price is consistent with their expectations.

--- Page 33 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
A-25 
 
 
The Calculation Agent may determine that an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day (as defined in 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below) has occurred at any relevant time. Any such determination may 
have an effect on the timing of valuation and consequently adversely affect the value of the Notes and/or may 
delay any applicable interest payments and/or settlement.  
If “Potential Adjustment Events” (being, in summary, certain events which may have a diluting, 
concentrative or other effect on the theoretical value of the relevant fund interests) and/or “Extraordinary Fund 
Events” (being, in summary, a nationalisation or an insolvency event, in each case, affecting the relevant fund 
interests or the fund and certain additional extraordinary events) are specified as Applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, prospective purchasers should note that the Notes may be subject to adjustment which may not 
be favourable to Noteholders or, if “Extraordinary Fund Events” are specified as Applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the Issuer may redeem the Notes early at the Early Redemption Amount together with, if so 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, accrued interest. 
The market price of such Notes may be volatile and may be adversely affected by the time remaining 
to the redemption date, the volatility and/or liquidity of the fund interest or fund interests, the distribution rate 
(if any) and the financial results and prospects of the relevant fund or funds as well as economic, financial and 
political events in one or more jurisdictions, including factors affecting the stock exchange(s) or quotation 
system(s) on which any such securities may be traded. 
Risks relating to Currency-Linked Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of principal and/or interest payable is dependent upon 
movements in currency exchange rates (together “Currency-Linked Notes”). 
Potential investors in any such Notes should be aware that, depending on the terms of the 
Currency-Linked Notes (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or 
interest may occur at a different time than expected and (iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their 
investment. In addition, movements in currency exchange rates may be subject to significant fluctuations that 
may not correlate with changes in interest rates or other indices and the timing of changes in the exchange 
rates may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. 
The market price of such Notes may be volatile and may be adversely affected by the time remaining 
to the redemption date and the volatility of currency exchange rates. Movements in currency exchange rates 
may be dependent upon economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions. 
Risks relating to Commodity-Linked Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of principal and/or interest payable is dependent upon 
the level or price, or changes in the level or price, of a commodity or a basket of commodities (together 
“Commodity-Linked Notes”). 
Potential investors in any such Notes should be aware that, depending on the terms of the Commodity 
Linked Notes (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or interest may 
occur at a different time than expected and (iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal 
investment. In addition, movements in the level or price of the commodity or basket of commodities may be 
subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, currency exchange rates 
or indices and the timing of changes in the relevant level or price of the commodity or commodities may affect 
the actual yield to investors, even if the average level or price is consistent with their expectations. 
The Calculation Agent may determine that a Market Disruption Event (being, in summary, any of a 
price source disruption, a trading disruption, a disappearance of a commodity reference price, a material 
change in formula or content of a commodity, the imposition of a relevant tax which would change the relevant 
price or any other event, in each case, which is specified as Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms or which is

--- Page 34 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
A-26 
 
 
deemed to apply) has occurred or exists at any relevant time. Any such determination may (i) have an effect 
on the timing of valuation and consequently adversely affect the value of the Notes and/or may delay interest 
payments or settlement (as applicable) or (ii) may result in the Issuer redeeming the Notes at the Early 
Redemption Amount together with, if so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, accrued interest.  
The value of Commodity-Linked Notes is linked to commodity futures markets and the commodity 
spot markets, both of which are highly volatile. 
Commodity markets are influenced by, among other things, changing supply and demand 
relationships, weather, governmental, agricultural, commercial and trade programmes and policies designed 
to influence commodity levels or prices, world political and economic events, and changes in interest rates. 
Moreover, certain commodities may be priced by reference to futures and options contracts on the relevant 
commodity and such contracts involve additional risks including, without limitation, leverage (margin is 
usually a percentage of the face value of the contract and exposure can be nearly unlimited). 
A futures position may become illiquid because commodity exchanges limit fluctuations in futures 
contract prices during a single day. Under such limits, during a single trading day no trades may be executed 
at prices beyond the daily limits. Once the price of a contract for a particular future has increased or decreased 
by an amount equal to the daily limit, positions in the future can neither be taken nor liquidated unless traders 
are willing to effect trades at or within the limit. This could prevent a holder from promptly liquidating 
unfavourable positions and subject it to substantial losses. Futures contract prices in various commodities 
occasionally have exceeded the daily limit for several consecutive days with little or no trading. Similar 
occurrences could prevent the liquidation of unfavourable positions and subject an investor in a Note relating 
to commodities linked to such contract prices to substantial losses. 
The yield on Notes relating to commodities are unlikely to perfectly correlate to the trend in the price 
of the underlying commodities because commodity futures contracts which expire prior to the relevant 
payment date under the relevant Notes are typically replaced with future commodity contracts that have a later 
expiry date. Investors may therefore only marginally benefit from any rise/fall in prices on such commodities. 
Investors should also consider that the relevant commodity futures contracts could have a trend which 
differs significantly from that of the commodity spot markets. The trend in the price of a commodity futures 
contract compared to the underlying commodity is closely linked to the present and future level of the 
production of the underlying commodity or to the level of estimated natural reserves, particularly in the case 
of energy commodities. In addition, the price of the relevant commodity futures contract may not be considered 
an accurate prediction of a market price, since it also includes “carrying costs” (for example, warehouse costs, 
insurance covering the goods, transportation etc.), which also contribute toward the determination of the price 
of the commodity futures contracts. The above factors which directly influence the commodities prices 
substantially explain the imperfect correlation between the commodity spot markets and the commodity futures 
contracts and holders of Commodity-Linked Notes should be aware that the value of such Notes is significantly 
and potentially adversely exposed to such imperfect correlation. 
Additional Disruption Events 
If “Additional Disruption Event” (being, among other things, certain disruption events affecting the 
hedging activities of the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates and/or any Hedging Party) are specified as Applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, the Issuer may require the Calculation Agent to determine adjustments to the 
Terms and Conditions, which may not result in a favourable outcome for Holders. For example, the amount 
of payments may be reduced and the timing of such payments may be altered. Alternatively, the Notes may be 
redeemed upon the occurrence of any of the Additional Disruption Events specified as Applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms.

--- Page 35 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-27 
 
 
SECTION A.2 - DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
The following are descriptions of the interest and redemption payments under certain types of Notes 
(other than Exempt Notes) which may be issued under the Programme. 
1. 
INTEREST 
Subject to the provisions relating to Credit-Linked Notes and Barrier Bond Notes, the Interest Amount 
in respect of a Calculation Amount (“CA”) for any Interest Period in respect of any issue of Notes (other than 
Fixed Amount Notes and other than the Reference Item-Linked Interest Notes for which the Reference Item-
Linked Interest Amount is determined by reference to the formulae as set out below) will be calculated by 
reference to the following formula: 
 
The interest basis in respect of an Interest Period may change during the term of the Notes as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. For the purposes of the following descriptions (except in relation to Range Accrual 
Notes), the variable “Relevant Rate” is the Reference Price of the relevant Reference Item (being either an 
Underlying Rate or an Inflation Index) which may be (i) a single rate determined by reference to a screen page, 
(ii) a single rate determined as though such rate were a floating rate determined under the terms of an interest 
rate swap transaction documented under an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, (“ISDA”), as amended 
or supplemented from time to time (the “2006 Definitions”), provided that if the Calculation Agent determines 
this is appropriate by reference to the hedging arrangements for the relevant series of Notes, ISDA Definitions 
will mean any successor definitional booklet to the 2006 Definitions as supplemented from time to time for 
interest rate derivatives, all as determined as of the date of the relevant determination, (iii) a rate determined 
as the difference between two different specified rates or (iv) the performance of the relevant Inflation Index 
over a specified period. 
Where FX Interest Conversion is specified as Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Interest 
Amount in respect of each interest period will be adjusted to reflect the change in the specified exchange rate 
between the specified initial FX valuation date(s) and the specified interest FX determination date for the 
relevant interest period. 
2. 
FLOATING RATE NOTES 
Floating Rate Notes have a Rate of Interest which is an Underlying Rate multiplied by a leverage 
factor, plus or minus a specified percentage or “margin”. Such Rate of Interest, expressed as a formula: 
 
Therefore, Floating Rate Notes are subject to (i) a variable underlying rate or performance and (ii) a 
leverage factor. No cap or floor is applied to such rate. 
Examples of the calculation of the Interest Amount in respect of Floating Rate Notes: 
The following examples illustrate how the Interest Amount is calculated in respect of Floating Rate 
Notes: 
Reference Item: 3 month EURIBOR 
Calculation Amount: EUR 1,000 
Payment Frequency: Quarterly 
Day Count Fraction: Actual/360 
CA × Rate of Interest × Day Count Fraction (“DCF”) 
(Leverage × Relevant Rate) + Margin

--- Page 36 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-28 
 
 
Number of days in Interest Period: 91 
Rounding: 2 decimal places 
Leverage: 100% 
Margin: Zero 
 
Relevant Rate  
Rate of Interest 
Interest Amount 
3 month EURIBOR = 1.00% 
 
 
3 month EURIBOR = 3.00% 
 
 
3. 
CAPPED FLOATING RATE NOTES 
Capped Floating Rate Notes have a Rate of Interest which is a Relevant Rate multiplied by a leverage 
factor, subject to a specified maximum rate (or cap). Such Rate of Interest, expressed as a formula: 
 
Therefore, Capped Floating Rate Notes are subject to (i) a variable underlying rate or performance, 
(ii) a leverage factor and (iii) a specified cap. Where the Relevant Rate is greater than the specified cap, 
investors will not participate in the increase in the relevant variable underlying rate or performance above such 
cap. The various parameters in the above formula may be different for each Interest Period. 
Examples of the calculation of the Interest Amount in respect of Capped Floating Rate Notes: 
The following examples illustrate how the Interest Amount is calculated in respect of Capped Floating 
Rate Notes: 
Reference Item: 3 month EURIBOR 
Calculation Amount: EUR 1,000 
Payment Frequency: Quarterly 
Day Count Fraction: Actual/360 
Number of days in Interest Period: 91 
Rounding: 2 decimal places 
Cap: 2% 
Leverage: 100% 
Margin: Zero 
 
Relevant Rate  
Rate of Interest 
Interest Amount 
3 month EURIBOR = 1.00% 
 
 
3 month EURIBOR = 3.00%

--- Page 37 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-29 
 
 
The above examples show that, where the Relevant Rate is greater than the cap (disregarding the effect 
of the Leverage and the Margin), the Rate of Interest will not be increased above the cap and the Interest 
Amount will be less than it would have been had the cap not been imposed. 
4. 
FLOORED FLOATING RATE NOTES 
Floored Floating Rate Notes have a Rate of Interest which is a Relevant Rate multiplied by a leverage 
factor, subject to a specified minimum rate (or floor). Such Rate of Interest, expressed as a formula: 
 
Therefore, Floored Floating Rate Notes are subject to (i) a variable underlying rate or performance, 
(ii) a leverage factor and (iii) a specified floor. Where the Relevant Rate is less than the specified floor, 
investors will not participate in the decrease in the relevant variable underlying rate or performance below 
such floor. The various parameters in the above formula may be different for each Interest Period. 
Examples of the calculation of the Interest Amount in respect of Floored Floating Rate Notes: 
The following examples illustrate how the Interest Amount is calculated in respect of Floored Floating 
Rate Notes: 
Reference Item: 6 month EURIBOR 
Calculation Amount: EUR 1,000 
Payment Frequency: Semi-annually 
Day Count Fraction: Actual/360 
Number of days in Interest Period: 182 
Rounding: 2 decimal places 
Floor: 2.50% 
Leverage: 100% 
Margin: Zero 
 
Relevant Rate  
Rate of Interest 
Interest Amount 
6 month EURIBOR = 2.00% 
 
 
6 month EURIBOR = 4.00% 
 
 
The above examples show that, where the Relevant Rate is less than the floor, the Rate of Interest will 
not be decreased below the floor and the Interest Amount will be greater than it would have been had the floor 
not been imposed. 
5. 
COLLARED FLOATING RATE NOTES 
Collared Floating Rate Notes have a Rate of Interest which is a Relevant Rate multiplied by a leverage 
factor, subject to a specified maximum rate (or cap) AND a minimum rate (or floor). Such Rate of Interest, 
expressed as a formula:

--- Page 38 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-30 
 
 
Therefore, Collared Floating Rate Notes are subject to (i) a variable underlying rate or performance, 
(ii) a leverage factor and (iii) a specified cap and a specified floor. Where the Relevant Rate is greater than the 
specified cap, investors will not participate in the increase in the relevant variable underlying rate or 
performance above such cap and where the Relevant Rate is less than the specified floor, investors will not 
participate in the decrease in the relevant variable underlying rate or performance below such floor. The 
various parameters in the above formula may be different for each Interest Period. 
Examples of the calculation of the Interest Amount in respect of Collared Floating Rate Notes: 
The following examples illustrate how the Interest Amount is calculated in respect of Collared Floating 
Rate Notes: 
Reference Item: 6 month EURIBOR 
Calculation Amount: EUR 1,000 
Payment Frequency: Semi-annually 
Day Count Fraction: Actual/360 
Number of days in Interest Period: 183 
Rounding: 2 decimal places 
Cap: 4.00% 
Floor: 2.00% 
Leverage: 100% 
Margin: Zero 
 
Relevant Rate  
Rate of Interest 
Interest Amount 
6 month EURIBOR = 5.00% 
 
 
6 month EURIBOR = 3.00% 
 
 
6 month EURIBOR = 1.00% 
 
 
The above examples show that, where the Relevant Rate is less than the floor, the Rate of Interest will 
not be decreased below the floor and the Interest Amount will be greater than it would have been had the floor 
not been imposed but where the Relevant Rate is greater than the cap, the Rate of Interest will not be increased 
above the cap and the Interest Amount will be less than it would have been had the cap not been imposed. 
6. 
REVERSE FLOATING RATE NOTES 
Reverse Floating Rate Notes have a rate of interest rate which is subject to a specified minimum rate 
(or floor) and is otherwise the lesser of (i) a specified maximum rate (or cap) and (ii) a specified fixed rate 
minus the product of a variable reference rate or performance and a leverage factor. Such Rate of Interest, 
expressed as a formula:

--- Page 39 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-31 
 
 
Therefore, Reverse Floating Rate Notes are subject to (i) a specified fixed rate and how it compares 
to a variable reference rate or performance (which may be subject to a leverage factor) and (ii) a specified floor 
and a cap. The various parameters in the above formula may be different for each Interest Period. 
Examples of the calculation of the Interest Amount in respect of Reverse Floating Rate Notes: 
The following examples illustrate how the Interest Amount is calculated in respect of Reverse Floating 
Rate Notes: 
Reference Item: 12 month EURIBOR 
Calculation Amount: EUR 1,000 
Payment Frequency: Annually 
Day Count Fraction: Actual/360 
Number of days in Interest Period: 365 
Rounding: 2 decimal places 
Cap: 7.00% 
Floor: 2.00% 
Leverage: 200% 
Specified Rate: 4.50% 
 
Relevant Rate 
Rate of Interest 
Interest Amount 
0.75% 
 
 
1.50% 
 
 
The above examples show that, where the Specified Rate less the Relevant Rate (multiplied by the 
leverage factor) is less than the floor, the Rate of Interest will not be decreased below the floor and the Interest 
Amount will be greater than it would have been had the floor not been imposed. 
In addition, as the leverage factor is greater than 100 per cent., the application of such leverage 
magnifies the effect of changes in value of the Relevant Rate compared to the Specified Rate. 
7. 
STEEPENER NOTES 
Steepener Notes have a rate of interest which is subject to a specified minimum rate (or floor) and is 
otherwise the lesser of (i) a specified maximum rate (or cap) and (ii) a Reference Rate minus a specified fixed 
strike rate multiplied by a leverage factor. Such Rate of Interest, expressed as a formula: 
 
Therefore, Steepener Notes are subject to (i) a variable underlying rate or performance and how it 
compares to a specified fixed strike rate, (ii) a leverage factor and (iii) a specified floor and a cap. The various 
parameters in the above formula may be different for each Interest Period. 
Examples of the calculation of the Interest Amount in respect of Steepener Notes: 
The following examples illustrate how the Interest Amount is calculated in respect of Steepener Notes: 
Reference Item: 10yr EUR OMX Swap Rate – 2yr EUR OMX Swap Rate

--- Page 40 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-32 
 
 
Calculation Amount: EUR 1,000 
Payment Frequency: Annually 
Day Count Fraction: Actual/Actual 
Number of days in Interest Period: 365 
Rounding: 2 decimal places 
Cap: 7.00% 
Floor: 0.00% 
Leverage: 500% 
Strike Rate: 0.50% 
 
10yr 
EUR 
OMX Swap 
Rate 
2yr EUR 
OMX Swap 
Rate 
Rate of Interest 
Interest Amount 
3.20% 
0.50% 
 
 
2.10% 
0.70% 
 
1.1% 
2.20% 
 
The above examples show that, where the Relevant Rate less the Strike Rate (multiplied by the 
leverage factor) is less than the floor, the Rate of Interest will not be decreased below the floor and the Interest 
Amount will be greater than it would have been had the floor not been imposed but, where the Relevant Rate 
less the Strike Rate (multiplied by the leverage factor) is greater than the cap, the Rate of Interest will not be 
increased above the cap and the Interest Amount will be less than it would have been had the cap not been 
imposed. 
In addition, as the leverage factor is greater than 100 per cent., the application of such leverage 
magnifies the effect of changes in value of the Relevant Rate compared to the Strike Rate. 
8. 
SNOWBALL NOTES 
Snowball Notes have a rate of interest which is subject to a specified minimum rate (or floor) and is 
otherwise the lesser of (i) a specified maximum rate (or cap) and (ii) an accreting fixed rate of interest minus 
the product of a variable reference rate or performance and a leverage factor. Such Rate of Interest, expressed 
as a formula: 
 
Therefore, the Snowball Amount will operate to increase the fixed rate to which the Reference Rate 
(multiplied by any leverage factor) is compared and Snowball Notes are subject to (i) a specified accreting 
fixed rate and how it compares to a variable reference rate or performance (which may be subject to a leverage 
factor) and (ii) a specified floor and a cap. The various parameters in the above formula may be different for 
each Interest Period.

--- Page 41 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-33 
 
 
Examples of the calculation of the Interest Amount in respect of Snowball Notes: 
The following examples illustrate how the Interest Amount is calculated in respect of Snowball Notes: 
Reference Item: 3 month EURIBOR 
Calculation Amount: EUR 1,000 
Payment Frequency: Quarterly 
Day Count Fraction: 30/360 
Number of days in Interest Period: 90 
Rounding: 2 decimal places 
Cap: 10.00% 
Floor: 1.00% 
Leverage: 200% 
 
Relevant 
Rate 
Rate 
of 
Interestt-1 
Snowball 
Amount 
Rate of Interest 
Interest Amount 
1.50% 
1.75% 
2.00% 
 
 
0.75% 
0.75% 
2.50% 
 
 
The above examples show that, where the accreting fixed rate minus the Relevant Rate (multiplied by 
the leverage factor) is less than the floor, the Rate of Interest will not be decreased below the floor and the 
Interest Amount will be greater than it would have been had the floor not been imposed. 
In addition, as the leverage factor is greater than 100 per cent., the application of such leverage 
magnifies the effect of changes in value of the Relevant Rate compared to the accreting fixed rate. 
9. 
RANGE ACCRUAL NOTES 
Range Accrual Notes may be Rate-Linked Notes (linked to an Underlying Rate), Inflation-Linked 
Notes (linked an Inflation Index), Index-Linked Notes (linked to an Index), Equity-Linked Notes (linked to an 
Underlying Equity), Fund-Linked Notes (linked to a Fund Interest), Currency-Linked Notes (linked to an FX 
Rate) or Commodity-Linked Notes (linked to a Commodity). 
Range Accrual Notes have a Rate of Interest determined by reference to a specified fixed rate 
multiplied by an accrual rate which is determined by reference to the proportion of relevant observation dates 
within the relevant interest period for which the Reference Price for the relevant Reference Item is greater than 
or equal to the specified lower barrier and equal to or less than the specified upper barrier. Such Rate of Interest, 
expressed as a formula: 
 
The relevant observation dates may be each calendar day within the relevant interest period or may 
only be specific days within the relevant interest period (e.g. business days or specified weekly, monthly or 
quarterly dates).

--- Page 42 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-34 
 
 
Therefore, Range Accrual Notes are subject to (i) a variable level, price, rate, value or performance 
(the “Reference Price”) and (ii) the proportion of observation dates within the relevant interest period for 
which such variable Reference Price falls within the specified range and thus Range Accrual Notes can be 
volatile instruments and may pay little or no interest in respect of an interest period. The various parameters 
in the above formula may be different for each Interest Period. 
Examples of the calculation of the Interest Amount in respect of Range Accrual Notes: 
The following examples illustrate how the Interest Amount is calculated in respect of Range Accrual 
Notes: 
Reference Item: Share A 
Calculation Amount: EUR 1,000 
Payment Frequency: Quarterly 
Day Count Fraction: Actual/Actual 
Number of days in Interest Period: 90 
Rounding: 2 decimal places 
Specified Rate 1: 4.00% 
Specified Rate 2: 0.50% 
Observation dates: Each calendar day within the Interest Period 
Upper Barrier: EUR 10 
Lower Barrier: EUR 5 
 
Number of 
observation dates 
where the 
Reference Price 
falls within the 
parameters (“m”) 
Total number 
of observation 
dates in 
interest period 
(“M”) 
Rate of Interest 
Interest Amount 
45 
90 
 
 
0 
90 
 
 
The above examples show that (assuming that a higher rate of interest will accrue where the relevant 
Reference Price falls within the specified range, as is the case above i.e. Specified Rate 1 is greater than 
Specified Rate 2), the larger the number of observation dates for which the relevant Reference Price falls 
within the specified range, the higher the Rate of Interest and consequently the larger the Interest Amount. 
Conversely, the smaller the number of observation dates for which the relevant Reference Price falls within 
the specified range, the lower the Rate of Interest and consequently the smaller the Interest Amount. 
10. 
BINARY RATE NOTES 
Binary Rate Notes have a Rate of Interest which will either be (i) a specified fixed rate if the relevant 
variable underlying rate or performance for an interest period is equal to or greater than the specified lower 
barrier or equal to or less than the specified upper barrier (“Binary Rate 1”) or otherwise (ii) a different 
specified fixed rate (which may be zero) (“Binary Rate 2”).

--- Page 43 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-35 
 
 
Therefore, Binary Rate Notes are subject to a variable underlying rate or performance and whether 
such variable underlying rate or performance falls within the specified range on the relevant interest 
determination date. The various parameters may be different for each Interest Period. 
Examples of the calculation of the Interest Amount in respect of Binary Rate Notes: 
The following examples illustrate how the Interest Amount is calculated in respect of Binary Rate 
Notes: 
Reference Item: 6 month EURIBOR 
Calculation Amount: EUR 1,000 
Payment Frequency: Semi-annually 
Day Count Fraction: Actual/360 
Number of days in Interest Period: 182 
Rounding: 2 decimal places 
Binary Rate 1: 5.00% (where the Relevant Rate falls within the specified range) 
Binary Rate 2: 0.00% (where the Relevant Rate does not fall within the specified range) 
Upper Barrier: 2.00% 
Lower Barrier: 0.00% 
 
Relevant Rate 
Within 
parameters 
Rate of Interest 
Interest Amount 
2.25% 
NO 
0.00% 
 
1.25% 
YES 
5.00% 
 
The above examples show that, where the relevant Relevant Rate falls within the specified range, the 
Rate of Interest is the higher specified rate. Conversely, where the relevant Relevant Rate falls outside the 
specified range, the Rate of Interest is the lower specified rate (in this case, zero). 
11. 
INFLATION ADJUSTED INTEREST NOTES 
Inflation Adjusted Interest Notes have a rate of interest rate which will be calculated based on the 
change in value of the relevant inflation index. Such Rate of Interest, expressed as a formula: 
 
Therefore, Inflation Adjusted Interest Notes are subject to (i) a specified fixed rate and (ii) the 
performance of the Reference Item (i.e. the Inflation Index) over a certain time period, determined as the value 
the Reference Item in respect of a specified reference month divided by the value of the Reference Item in 
respect of a specified preceding reference month, expressed as a percentage. The Specified Rate may be 
different for each Interest Period. 
Consequently, if the value of the Reference Item in respect of an Interest Period increases compared 
to the value of the Reference Item in respect of the specified preceding reference month for such Interest 
Period, the Rate of Interest will operate to increase the amount of interest for such Interest Period. Conversely, 
if the value of the Reference Item in respect of an Interest Period decreases compared to the value of the

--- Page 44 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-36 
 
 
Reference Item in respect of the specified preceding reference month for such Interest Period, the Rate of 
Interest will operate to decrease the amount of interest for such Interest Period. 
Examples of the calculation of the Interest Amount in respect of Inflation Adjusted Interest Notes: 
The following examples illustrate how the Interest Amount is calculated in respect of Inflation 
Adjusted Interest Notes: 
Reference Item: Inflation Index A 
Calculation Amount: EUR 1,000 
Specified Rate: 5.00% 
Payment Frequency: Annually 
Day Count Fraction: 30/360 
Number of days in Interest Period: 360 
 
Reference Level 
for 
the 
Reference 
Month falling 3 
months prior to 
the end of the 
relevant Interest 
Period 
Reference Level 
for the Reference 
Month falling 15 
months prior to 
the end of the 
relevant Interest 
Period 
Performance for 
such Interest 
Period 
Interest Rate 
Inflation-Linked Interest 
Amount 
4.00% 
2.00% 
4.00%/2.00% = 2 
or 
200% 
(expressed 
as 
a 
percentage) 
 
 
2.00% 
2.50% 
2.50%/2.00% 
= 
1.25 
or 
125% 
(expressed 
as 
a 
percentage) 
 
 
The above examples show that, where the level of the inflation index increases compared to the level 
of the inflation index for the specified preceding reference month for such Interest Period, the Rate of Interest 
will increase. Conversely, where the level of the inflation index decreases compared to the level of the inflation 
index for the specified preceding reference month for such Interest Period, the Rate of Interest will decrease. 
12. 
REFERENCE ITEM-LINKED INTEREST NOTES 
12.1 
Autocall Interest Notes 
Where the Issue Terms relating to a Tranche of Notes specifies that the Reference Item-Linked Interest 
Amount is the Autocall Interest Amount, based on the economic performance of a Reference Item or a basket 
of Reference Items, such Notes give the investor the right to receive an Interest Amount in respect of each 
Interest Period which will be determined in accordance with the formula set out below. Such Notes may be 
Index-Linked Notes (linked to an Index or a basket of Indices), Equity-Linked Notes (linked to an Underlying 
Equity or a basket of Underlying Equities), Fund-Linked Notes (linked to a Fund Interest or a basket of Fund 
Interests), Currency-Linked Notes (linked to an FX Rate or a basket of FX Rates) or Commodity-Linked Notes 
(linked to a Commodity or a basket of Commodities).

--- Page 45 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-37 
 
 
The Interest Amount payable in respect of each Calculation Amount (“CA”) and an interest period in 
respect of Reference Item-Linked Interest Notes will be calculated as follows: 
If on a specified interest determination date, the Relevant Autocall Interest Performance is equal to or 
greater than the Interest Barrier, the Interest Amount shall be an amount equal to the Autocall Interest Amount. 
Otherwise the Interest Amount shall be zero and no interest shall be paid. 
As specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the relevant Autocall Interest Amount in respect of an Interest 
Period and the related Interest Payment Date shall be either: 
(a) 
an amount equal to the Calculation Amount multiplied by a specified rate (Bullet Interest); 
(b) 
an amount equal to (a) (i) the Calculation Amount multiplied by (ii) a specified rate and 
multiplied by (iii) a multiplier equal to the numerical value of the relevant interest period 
MINUS (b) the sum of all the Autocall Interest Amounts paid prior to such Interest Payment 
Date (Memory Interest); or 
(c) 
an amount equal to (i) the Calculation Amount multiplied by (ii) a specified rate and multiplied 
by (iii) a multiplier equal to the numerical value of the relevant interest period (i.e. the amount 
of interest will increase with each interest period) (Cumulative Interest); 
(d) 
an amount determined by reference to the following formula: 
 
where the Autocall Strike is as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Relevant Autocall Interest Performance is determined as either (i) the performance of the Reference 
Item (where the Notes relate to a single Reference Item) or (ii) the sum of the weighted performances of each 
of the Reference Items or the performance of the Reference Item which has a performance which is ranked the 
specified number highest of all the Reference Items (where the Notes relate to a basket of Reference Items). 
The performance of any Reference Item for an Interest Period is determined as (i) the value of the 
relevant Reference Item in respect of the relevant specified interest determination date divided by (ii) the value 
or average value of the relevant Reference Item in respect of the specified initial valuation date(s), expressed 
as a percentage. 
Examples of the calculation of the Interest Amount in respect of Autocall Interest Notes: 
The following examples illustrate how the Interest Amount is calculated in respect of Autocall Interest 
Notes: 
Reference Item: Index A 
Reference Item Initial Value: 100 
 
Calculation Amount: EUR 1,000 
Specified Rate: 2.00% 
Interest Barrier: 100% 
(a) 
Where Bullet Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms

--- Page 46 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-38 
 
 
t 
Reference Price for 
the relevant Interest 
Period 
Performance for 
such Interest Period 
Relevant Autocall 
Interest 
Performance equal 
to or greater than 
Interest Barrier 
Autocall Interest 
Amount 
1 
120 
 
or 120% (expressed 
as a percentage) 
Yes 
 
2 
80 
 
or 80% (expressed as 
a percentage) 
No 
Zero 
 
(b) 
Where Memory Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
 
t 
Reference Price for 
the relevant Interest 
Period 
Performance for such 
Interest Period 
Relevant Autocall 
Interest 
Performance equal 
to or greater than 
Interest Barrier 
Autocall Interest 
Amount 
1 
120 
 
or 120% (expressed as a 
percentage) 
Yes 
 
 
2 
80 
 
or 80% (expressed as a 
percentage) 
No 
Zero 
3 
110 
 
or 110% (expressed as a 
percentage) 
Yes 
 
 
4 
98 
 
or 98% (expressed as a 
percentage) 
No 
Zero

--- Page 47 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-39 
 
 
5 
105 
 
or 105% (expressed as a 
percentage) 
Yes 
 
(c) 
Where Cumulative Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
t 
Reference Price for 
the relevant Interest 
Period 
Performance for 
such Interest 
Period 
Relevant Autocall 
Interest 
Performance equal 
to or greater than 
Interest Barrier 
Autocall Interest Amount 
1 
120 
 
or 120% (expressed 
as a percentage) 
Yes 
 
2 
80 
 
or 80% (expressed as 
a percentage) 
No 
Zero 
3 
110 
 
or 110% (expressed 
as a percentage) 
Yes 
 
(d) 
Where Bonus Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
Autocall Strike: 100% 
t 
Reference Price for 
the relevant Interest 
Period 
Performance for 
such Interest Period 
Relevant Autocall 
Interest Performance 
equal to or greater 
than Interest Barrier 
Autocall Interest Amount 
1 
105 
 
or 105% (expressed 
as a percentage) 
Yes 
 
 
2 
98 
 
or 98% (expressed as 
a percentage) 
No 
Zero

--- Page 48 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-40 
 
 
3 
102 
 
or 102% (expressed 
as a percentage) 
Yes 
 
12.2 
Autocall Multi Barrier Interest Notes 
Where the Issue Terms relating to a Tranche of Notes specifies that the Reference Item-Linked Interest 
Amount is the Autocall Multi Barrier Interest Amount, based on the economic performance of a Reference 
Item or a basket of Reference Items, such Notes give the investor the right to receive an Interest Amount in 
respect of each Interest Period which will be determined in accordance with the formula set out below. Such 
Notes may be Index-Linked Notes (linked to an Index or a basket of Indices), Equity-Linked Notes (linked to 
an Underlying Equity or a basket of Underlying Equities), Fund-Linked Notes (linked to a Fund Interest or a 
basket of Fund Interests), Currency-Linked Notes (linked to an FX Rate or a basket of FX Rates) or 
Commodity-Linked Notes (linked to a Commodity or a basket of Commodities). 
The Interest Amount payable in respect of each Calculation Amount (“CA”) and an interest period in 
respect of Reference Item-Linked Interest Notes will be calculated as follows: 
If on a specified interest determination date, the Relevant Autocall Interest Performance falls within a 
Barrier Interval, the Interest Amount shall be an amount equal to the Relevant Interest Amountm. Otherwise, 
if, the Relevant Autocall Interest Performance is less than the first Starting Barrier Interval Point or greater 
than the highest Ending Barrier Interval Point (if applicable), the Interest Amount shall be zero and no interest 
shall be paid. The Relevant Interest Amountm in respect of an Interest Period and a Barrier Interval shall be as 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, being any of the following: 
(a) 
an amount equal to the Calculation Amount multiplied by a specified rate (Bullet Interest); 
(b) 
an amount equal to (a) (i) the Calculation Amount multiplied by (ii) a specified rate and 
multiplied by (iii) a multiplier equal to the numerical value of the relevant interest period 
MINUS (b) the sum of all the Autocall Multi Barrier Interest Amounts in respect of the same 
Barrier Interval (if any) paid prior to such Interest Payment Date (Memory Interest); or 
(c) 
an amount equal to (i) the Calculation Amount multiplied by (ii) a specified rate and multiplied 
by (iii) a multiplier equal to the numerical value of the relevant interest period (i.e. the amount 
of interest will increase with each interest period) (Cumulative Interest); or  
(d) 
an amount equal to (i) the Calculation Amount multiplied by (ii) the participation rate 
specified for the relevant Interest Period and the relevant Barrier Interval multiplied by (iii) 
the HIGHEST OF either (a) the specified rate, or (b) the relevant Autocall Interest 
Performance minus the relevant Autocall Strike (being the percentage specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms) (Bonus Interest). 
The Relevant Interest Amounts for each Interest Period may only include certain types of Relevant 
Interest Amount. Investors should read the relevant Issue Terms to determine which types of Relevant Interest 
Amount are relevant for the particular issue of Notes and the relevant Interest Period. 
Relevant Autocall Interest Performance is determined as either (i) the performance of the Reference 
Item (where the Notes relate to a single Reference Item) or (ii) the sum of the weighted performances of each 
of the Reference Items or (iii) the performance of the Reference Item which has a performance which is ranked 
the specified number highest of all the Reference Items (where the Notes relate to a basket of Reference Items).

--- Page 49 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-41 
 
 
The performance of any Reference Item for an Interest Period is determined as (i) the value of the 
relevant Reference Item in respect of the relevant specified interest determination date divided by (ii) the value 
or average value of the relevant Reference Item in respect of the specified initial valuation date(s), expressed 
as a percentage. 
Examples of the calculation of the Interest Amount in respect of Autocall Multi Barrier Interest Notes: 
The following examples illustrate how the Interest Amount is calculated in respect of Autocall Muti 
Barrier Interest Notes: 
Reference Item: Index A 
Reference Item Initial Value: 100 
Calculation Amount: EUR 1,000 
Specified Rate: 2.00% 
 
Interest 
Determination Date 
Barrier Interval 
Number (m) 
Starting Barrier 
Interval Point 
Ending Barrier 
Interval Point 
Relevant Interest 
Amount 
Each Interest 
Determination Date 
1 
100% 
110% 
Bullet Interest 
2 
110% 
120% 
Memory Interest 
3 
120% 
130% 
Cumulative Interest 
4 
130% 
Not Applicable (i.e. 
infinity) 
Bonus Interest 
Depending on which Barrier Interval the Relevant Autocall Interest Performance falls within, the 
Interest Amount will be the Relevant Interest Amount specified for the relevant Interest Period and Barrier 
Interval.  
(a) 
Where an amount in respect of Bullet Interest is payable 
 
t 
Reference Price for 
the relevant Interest 
Period 
Performance 
for 
such Interest Period 
Relevant 
Autocall Interest 
Performance 
within 
Barrier 
Interval 1 
Autocall 
Interest 
Amount 
1 
105 
105
100 = 1.05 
or 105% (expressed 
as a percentage) 
Yes 
𝐸𝑈𝑅 1,000 𝑥 2%
= 𝐸𝑈𝑅 20 
(b) 
Where amounts in respect of Memory Interest are payable

--- Page 50 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-42 
 
 
 
t 
Reference 
Price 
for 
the 
relevant 
Interest 
Period 
Performance 
for 
such 
Interest 
Period 
Relevant Autocall Interest 
Performance within Barrier 
Interval 2 
Autocall 
Interest 
Amount 
1 
115 
115
100 = 1.15 
or 115% (expressed 
as a percentage) 
Yes 
𝐸𝑈𝑅 1,000 𝑥 1 𝑥 2% = 
EUR 20 
2 
108 
108
100 = 1.08 
or 108% (expressed 
as a percentage) 
No – the Performance for the 
Interest Period falls within 
Barrier Interval 1 and the 
Interest Amount (of EUR20) 
would 
be 
determined 
in 
accordance with the Bullet 
Interest provisions 
- 
3 
110 
110
100 = 1.10 
or 110% (expressed 
as a percentage) 
Yes 
[𝐸𝑈𝑅 1,000 𝑥 3 𝑥 2%] −
𝐸𝑈𝑅 20 = EUR 20 
 
(c) 
Where amounts in respect of Cumulative Interest are payable 
 
t 
Reference 
Price 
for 
the 
relevant 
Interest 
Period 
Performance 
for 
such 
Interest 
Period 
Relevant Autocall Interest 
Performance 
falls 
within 
Barrier Interval 3 
Autocall 
Interest 
Amount 
1 
120 
120
100 = 1.20 
or 120% (expressed 
as a percentage) 
Yes 
𝐸𝑈𝑅 1,000 𝑥 1 𝑥 2% = 
EUR 20 
2 
108 
108
100 = 1.08 
or 108% (expressed 
as a percentage) 
No – the Performance for the 
Interest Period falls within 
Barrier Interval 1 and the 
Interest Amount (of EUR20) 
would 
be 
determined 
in 
accordance with the Bullet 
Interest provisions 
- 
3 
125 
125
100 = 1.25 
Yes 
𝐸𝑈𝑅 1,000 𝑥 3 𝑥 2% = 
EUR 60

--- Page 51 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-43 
 
 
t 
Reference 
Price 
for 
the 
relevant 
Interest 
Period 
Performance 
for 
such 
Interest 
Period 
Relevant Autocall Interest 
Performance 
falls 
within 
Barrier Interval 3 
Autocall 
Interest 
Amount 
or 125% (expressed 
as a percentage) 
(d) 
Where an amount in respect of Bonus Interest is payable 
Autocall Strike: 130% 
Participation Rate: 100% 
t 
Reference 
Price 
for 
the 
relevant 
Interest 
Period 
Performance 
for 
such 
Interest 
Period 
Relevant 
Autocall 
Interest 
Performance 
falls 
within 
Barrier 
Interval 4 
Autocall Interest Amount 
1 
135 
135
100 = 1.35 
or 135% (expressed 
as a percentage) 
Yes 
𝐸𝑈𝑅 1,000 𝑥 100% 𝑥 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [2%
−130%)] = 𝐸𝑈𝑅 50 
13. 
INTEREST IN RESPECT OF CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
Payment of interest in respect of Credit-Linked Notes and/or the amount of interest payable in respect 
of Credit-Linked Notes are affected by the occurrence of relevant Credit Event(s).  
Subject as provided in the Terms and Conditions, Notes which are not Portfolio Credit-Linked Notes 
will cease to bear interest from either the relevant Credit Event Determination Date or the interest period date 
or (in respect of Fixed Amount Notes) the interest payment date, as applicable, immediately preceding the 
relevant Credit Event Determination Date (or, if none, the Issue Date).  
In the case of Non-Tranched Portfolio Credit-Linked Notes, the occurrence of relevant Credit Event 
Determination Dates will reduce the amount of interest payable by reducing the principal amount by reference 
to which the relevant Interest Amount is calculated by an amount equal to a Note’s pro rata share of the 
Reference Entity Notional Amount in respect of each Reference Entity the subject of a Credit Event.   
In the case of Tranched Portfolio Credit-Linked Notes, where “Recovered Principal Exposure” is 
specified as Applicable the occurrence of the relevant Credit Event Determination Date will reduce the amount 
of interest payable only once the Loss Percentage (as defined in paragraph 15 (Redemption in respect of Credit-
Linked Notes) below, being the proportion that (i) the aggregate loss in respect of the Reference Entity Notional 
Amounts for each Reference Entity the subject of a Credit Event Determination Date bears to (ii) the sum of 
all the Reference Entity Notional Amounts) has exceeded the specified Attachment Point (which may be zero 
per cent.) by reducing the Calculation Amount by an amount equal to the Aggregate Portfolio Loss and any 
unwind costs (the resulting amount being the Tranched Calculation Amount). The Aggregate Portfolio Loss 
(as defined in paragraph 15 (Redemption in respect of Credit-Linked Notes) below) is determined as the 
proportion that (i) the excess of the Loss Percentage over the Attachment Point bears to (ii) the total exposure 
(being the difference between the Detachment Point and the Attachment Point), and shall not be less than zero

--- Page 52 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-44 
 
 
or more than 100 per cent.  The occurrence of further Credit Event Determination Dates will operate to further 
reduce the Calculation Amount until the Tranched Calculation Amount is reduced to zero, from which date no 
further interest will accrue.   
In the case of Tranched Portfolio Credit-Linked Notes where “Recovered Principal Exposure” is 
specified as Not Applicable, the occurrence of the relevant Credit Event Determination Date will potentially 
reduce the amount of interest payable also in circumstances where the Loss Percentage has not exceeded the 
specified Attachment Point as no interest will be payable in respect of “riskless” principal, i.e. the proportion 
of the principal amount which has been “recovered” following the occurrence of the Credit Event 
Determination Date. The occurrence of further Credit Event Determination Dates will operate to further reduce 
the Calculation Amount until the Tranched Calculation Amount is reduced to zero, from which date no further 
interest will accrue. 
Subject as provided in the Terms and Conditions, such reduction in respect of Portfolio Credit-Linked 
Notes may take effect either from the interest period date or interest payment date, as applicable, immediately 
preceding the Credit Event Determination Date or from the Credit Event Determination Date. 
Credit-Linked Notes may be Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes or Range Accrual Notes or any 
combination of such interest rates specified above. 
Examples of the calculation of the Interest Amount in respect of Credit-Linked Notes: 
The following example illustrates how the Interest Amount may be calculated in respect of Non-
Tranched Portfolio Credit-Linked Notes where “Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event” is specified as Not 
Applicable: 
Calculation Amount: EUR 1,000 
Fixed Rate of Interest: 4% 
Payment Frequency: Annually 
Day Count Fraction: 30/360 
Rounding: 2 decimal places 
Number of Reference Entities: 10 
A Note’s pro rata share of the Reference Entity Notional Amount: 100 for each Reference Entity 
Unwind Costs: Zero 
 
Number of 
credit events in 
the Portfolio 
Adjusted Calculation 
Amount 
Rate of 
Interest 
Interest Amount 
0 
N/A 
4% 
 
1 
 
4% 
 
3 
 
4%

--- Page 53 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-45 
 
 
The above examples show that, where a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred in relation to 
one or more Reference Entities prior to the Credit Event Observation Date for an interest period, this will 
operate to reduce the principal amount by reference to which the Interest Amount is calculated and will 
therefore reduce the amount of interest payable from such date. 
The following example illustrates how the Interest Amount may be calculated in respect of Tranched 
Portfolio Credit-Linked Notes where “Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event” is specified as Not Applicable 
and the relevant interest amount is determined on the basis of the Tranched Calculation Amount on the Credit 
Event Observation Date falling at the end of the relevant Interest Period: 
Calculation Amount: EUR 1,000 
Fixed Rate of Interest: 4% 
Payment Frequency: Annually 
Day Count Fraction: 30/360 
Rounding: 2 decimal places 
Number of Reference Entities: 5 (see table below) 
Attachment Point: 20% 
Detachment Point: 80% 
Unwind Costs: Zero 
 
Reference 
Entity 
Reference Entity 
Notional Amount 
Scenario 1 
Final Price 
Scenario 2 
Final Price 
Scenario 3 
Final Price 
A 
EUR 200 
- 
- 
75% 
B 
EUR 200 
- 
- 
0% 
C 
EUR 200 
- 
75% 
0% 
D 
EUR 200 
75% 
25% 
0% 
E 
EUR 200 
50% 
0% 
0% 
Where “Recovered Principal Exposure” is specified as Applicable: 
(a) 
Scenario 1 – Attachment Point not exceeded 
Loss Percentage (LP) = 
 
Exposure = 
 
Aggregate Portfolio Loss = 
 
[(EUR 200 ×  100% −75% ) + (EUR 200 ×  100% −50% )] /   
[EUR 600 + EUR 400] = 15% 
(15% −20%) / (80% −20%) = −8.33% 
Min  [100%; Max (0%; −8.33%)] = 0%

--- Page 54 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-46 
 
 
Tranched Calculation Amount = 
 
Interest Amount for the relevant Interest Period = 
 
As the Attachment Point has not been exceeded, the Tranched Calculation Amount is the same as the 
Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount is not affected. 
(b) 
Scenario 2 – Attachment Point exceeded but Detachment Point not exceeded. 
Loss Percentage (LP) = 
[(EUR 200 x {100% – 75%}) + (EUR 200 x {100% – 25%}) + (EUR 200 x {100% – 0%})] 
/ [EUR 400 + EUR 600] = 40% 
Exposure = 
 
Aggregate Portfolio Loss = 
 
Tranched Calculation Amount = 
 
Interest Amount for the relevant Interest Period = 
EUR 666.67 x 4.00% x 360
360 = EUR 26.67 
 
As the Attachment Point has been exceeded and the Detachment Point has not been exceeded, the 
Tranched Calculation Amount is less than the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount is reduced. 
(c) 
Scenario 3 – Attachment Point and Detachment Point exceeded 
Loss Percentage (LP) = 
[(EUR 200 x (100% – 75%)) + (EUR 200 x (100% – 0%) x 4)] / [EUR 0 + EUR 1,000] = 
85% 
Exposure = 
 
Aggregate Portfolio Loss = 
[EUR 1,000 × (100% −0%)] −0 = EUR 1,000 
EUR 1,000 × 4.00% × 360
360 = EUR 40.00 
(40% −20%) / (80% −20%) = 33.33% 
Min [100%; Max (0%; 33.33%)] = 33.33% 
[EUR 1,000 x (100% −33.33%)] −0 = EUR 666.67 
(85% – 20%) / (80% – 20%) = 108.33%

--- Page 55 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-47 
 
 
 
Tranched Calculation Amount = 
 
Interest Amount for the relevant Interest Period = 
 
As the Attachment Point has been exceeded and the Detachment Point has also been exceeded, the 
Tranched Calculation Amount is zero and no interest is payable in respect of the relevant Interest Period. 
Where “Recovered Principal Exposure” is specified as Not Applicable: 
(a) 
Scenario 1 – Attachment Point not exceeded 
Loss Percentage (LP) = 
 
Loss Exposure = 
(15% – 20%) / (80% – 20%) = –8.33% 
Incurred Total Loss (ITL) =  
Min [100%; Max (0%; –8.33%)] = 0% 
Recovery Percentage (RP) = 
[(EUR 200 x 75%) + (EUR 200 x 50%)] / [EUR 600 + EUR 400] = 25% 
Recovery Exposure = 
[25% – (100% – 80%)] / (80% – 20%) = 8.33% 
Incurred Total Recovery (ITR) =  
Min [100%; Max (0%; 8.33%)] = 8.33% 
Tranched Calculation Amount = 
EUR 1,000 x [100% – 0% – 8.33%]  – EUR 0 = EUR 916.67 
Interest Amount for the relevant Interest Period = 
EUR 916.67 x 4.00% x 360
360 = EUR 36.67 
The Attachment Point has not been exceeded but as no interest is payable in respect of the recovered 
principal amount, the Tranched Calculation Amount is less than the Calculation Amount and the Interest 
Amount is reduced. 
Min [100%; Max (0%; 108.33%)] = 100% 
EUR 1,000 × [100% – 100%] – 0 = EUR 0 
0 × 4.00% × 360/360 = EUR 0 
[(EUR 200 ×  100% −75% ) + (EUR 200 ×  100% −50% )] /   
[EUR 600 + EUR 400] = 15%

--- Page 56 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-48 
 
 
(b) 
Scenario 2 – Attachment Point exceeded but Detachment Point not exceeded. 
Loss Percentage (LP) = 
[(EUR 200 x {100% - 75%}) + (EUR 200 x {100% - 25%}) + (EUR 200 x {100% - 0%})] / 
[EUR 400 + EUR 600] = 40% 
Loss Exposure = 
(40% – 20%) / (80% – 20%) = 33.33% 
Incurred Total Loss (ITL) =  
Min [100%; Max (0%; 33.33%)] = 33.33% 
Recovery Percentage (RP) = 
[(EUR 200 x 75%) + (EUR 200 x 25%) + (EUR 200 x 0%)] / [EUR 400 + EUR 600] = 20% 
Recovery Exposure = 
[20% – (100% – 80%)] / (80% – 20%) = 0%  
Incurred Total Recovery (ITR) =  
Min [100%; Max (0%; 0%)] = 0% 
Tranched Calculation Amount = 
EUR 1,000 x [100% – 33.33% – 0%]  – EUR 0 = EUR 666.67 
Interest Amount for the relevant Interest Period = 
EUR 666.67 x 4.00% x 360
360 = EUR 26.67 
As the Attachment Point has been exceeded and the Detachment Point has not been exceeded, the 
Tranched Calculation Amount is less than the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount is reduced. 
(c) 
Scenario 3 – Attachment Point and Detachment Point exceeded 
Loss Percentage (LP) = 
[(EUR 200 x {100% - 75%}) + (EUR 200 x (100% - 0%) x 4)] / [EUR 0 + EUR 1,000] = 
85% 
Loss Exposure = 
(85% – 20%) / (80% – 20%) = 108.33% 
Incurred Total Loss (ITL) =  
Min [100%; Max (0%; 108.33%)] = 100% 
Recovery Percentage (RP) =

--- Page 57 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-49 
 
 
[(EUR 200 x 75%) + (EUR 200 x 0% x 4)] / [EUR 0 + EUR 1,000] = 15% 
Recovery Exposure = 
[15% – (100% – 80%)] / (80% – 20%) = –8.33%  
Incurred Total Recovery (RTL) =  
Min [100%; Max (0%; –8.33%)] = 0% 
Tranched Calculation Amount = 
EUR 1,000 x [100% – 100% – 0%]  – EUR 0 = EUR 0 
Interest Amount for the relevant Interest Period = 
EUR 0 x 4.00% x 360
360 = EUR 0 
As the Attachment Point has been exceeded and the Detachment Point has also been exceeded, the 
Tranched Calculation Amount is zero and no interest is payable in respect of the relevant Interest Period. 
14. 
INTEREST IN RESPECT OF BARRIER BOND NOTES 
Payment of interest in respect of Barrier Bond Notes and/or the amount of interest payable in respect 
of Barrier Bond Notes are affected by the occurrence of Barrier Events (as defined in paragraph 44 (Reference 
Item-Linked Redemption Amount = Barrier Bond Redemption Amount) below) in relation to the relevant 
Reference Item(s). The occurrence of relevant Barrier Events will reduce the amount of interest payable by 
reducing the principal amount by reference to which the relevant Interest Amount is calculated in proportion 
to the weighting in respect of each Reference Item the subject of a Barrier Event. Subject as provided in the 
Conditions, the reduction in respect of a Reference Item will take effect either from the interest period end 
date or interest payment date, as applicable, immediately preceding the date on which the relevant Barrier 
Event occurred. 
Barrier Bond Notes may be Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes or any combination of such 
interest rates specified above. 
Examples of the calculation of the Interest Amount in respect of Barrier Bond Notes: 
The following example illustrates how the Interest Amount may be calculated in respect of Barrier 
Bond Notes: 
Reference Items: 
Reference Item 1: Share A 
Reference Item 2: Share B 
Reference Item 3: Share C 
Reference Item Weighting: 
Reference Item 1: 33.33% 
Reference Item 2: 33.33% 
Reference Item 3: 33.33% 
Reference Item Initial Value: 
Reference Item 1: EUR 100 
Reference Item 2: EUR 90

--- Page 58 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-50 
 
 
Reference Item 3: EUR 70 
Barrier Level: 70% of the relevant Reference Item Initial Value 
Type of Valuation: Continuous Valuation 
Barrier Event Observation Date: Each Interest Period Date 
Calculation Amount: EUR 1,000 
Fixed Rate of Interest: 4% 
Accrual: Applicable 
Payment Frequency: Quarterly 
Day Count Fraction: 30/360 
Rounding: 2 decimal places 
Quarter 1 
Reference Entity 
Relevant Barrier 
Level 
Lowest Relevant 
Observation Price prior 
to relevant Barrier 
Event Observation Date 
Barrier Event 
occurred prior to 
relevant Barrier 
Event Observation 
Date 
Share 1 
70 
90 
No 
Share 2 
63 
66 
No 
Share 3  
49 
81 
No 
Interest Amount for Quarter 1: 
 
Quarter 2 
Reference Entity 
Relevant Barrier 
Level 
Lowest Relevant 
Observation Price 
prior to relevant 
Barrier Event 
Observation Date 
Barrier Event 
occurred prior to 
relevant Barrier 
Event Observation 
Date 
Share 1 
70 
90 
No 
Share 2 
63 
66 
No 
Share 3  
49 
70 
No

--- Page 59 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-51 
 
 
Interest Amount for Quarter 2: 
 
Quarter 3 
Reference Entity 
Relevant Barrier 
Level 
Lowest Relevant 
Observation Price 
prior to relevant 
Barrier Event 
Observation Date 
Barrier Event 
occurred prior to 
relevant Barrier 
Event Observation 
Date 
Share 1 
70 
90 
Yes 
Share 2 
63 
66 
No 
Share 3  
49 
70 
No 
Interest Amount for Quarter 3: 
 
Quarter 4 
Reference Entity 
Relevant Barrier 
Level 
Lowest Relevant 
Observation Price 
prior to relevant 
Barrier Event 
Observation Date 
Barrier Event 
occurred prior to 
relevant Barrier 
Event Observation 
Date 
Share 1 
70 
60 
Yes 
Share 2 
63 
66 
No 
Share 3  
49 
50 
No 
Interest Amount for Quarter 4: 
 
The above examples show that, where a Barrier Event has occurred in relation to one or more 
Reference Entities prior to the Barrier Event Observation Date for an interest period, this will operate to reduce 
the principal amount by reference to which the Interest Amount is calculated and will therefore reduce the 
amount of interest payable from such date. 
REDEMPTION 
15. 
REDEMPTION IN RESPECT OF CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
Subject as provided in the Terms and Conditions, where the Issue Terms relating to a Tranche of Notes 
specifies that the Notes are Credit-Linked Notes and where a Credit Event Determination Date occurs in

--- Page 60 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-52 
 
 
relation to the/any specified Reference Entity(ies) (or, in the case of Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes, the 
Relevant Number (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) of Reference Entities), each Note will either be 
redeemed early by payment of the Credit Event Redemption Amount calculated as specified below or where 
Maturity Credit Event Redemption is specified as applying in the relevant Issue Terms, be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date (subject to adjustment) at the Credit Event Redemption Amount. 
The Credit Event Redemption Amount shall be either a fixed amount specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms or an amount determined as follows: 
(i) 
subject as provided in (iv) below, in the case of Notes other than Portfolio Credit-Linked 
Notes, an amount determined as each Note’s pro rata share of (i) the product of the Reference 
Entity Notional Amount (“RENA”) and the final price, auction final price or set/zero recovery 
price (determined as set out in the Conditions) in respect of the relevant Reference Entity 
(“FP”), less (ii) any Unwind Costs (“UC”), expressed as a formula: 
 
(ii) 
subject as provided in (iv) below, in the case of Notes which are Non-Tranched Portfolio 
Credit-Linked Notes, an amount determined as each Note’s pro rata share of (1) the sum of 
the Reference Entity Notional Amounts in respect of each Reference Entity for which a Credit 
Event Determination Date has not occurred plus (2) the sum of, in respect of each Reference 
Entity for which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, the product of the Reference 
Entity Notional Amount and the final price, auction final price or the set/zero recovery price 
(as applicable) (“FP” with “FPA,i” being such value in respect of the Reference Entity for 
which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred) less (3) Unwind Costs (“UC”), 
expressed as a formula: 
 
(iii) 
subject as provided in (iv) below, in the case of Notes which are Tranched Portfolio Credit-
Linked Notes, an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, determined in relation to each 
Calculation Amount equal to (1) the product of (A) the Calculation Amount (“CA”) and (B) 
100 per cent. minus the Aggregate Portfolio Loss minus (2) each Note’s pro rata portion of 
the Unwind Costs (“TUC”), expressed as a formula: 
 
(iv) 
if Maturity Credit Event Redemption and Reference-Item Linked Redemption Amount are 
specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Final Redemption Amount determined 
as specified below, except that “CA” in the definition of Relevant Principal Amount shall be 
deemed to be the Credit Event Redemption Amount determined pursuant to (i), (ii) or (iii) 
above, as applicable. 
Where: 
“Aggregate Portfolio Loss” means, in respect of a day, a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula calculated as of such day: 
 
UC;
FP
RENA
RENA
i
A,
n
n
...
1
i
A,
n
n
...
1
i
u,





















CA × [100% – Aggregate Portfolio Loss] – TUC; or 
Min  100%; Max  0%; 
LP−AP
DP−AP

--- Page 61 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-53 
 
 
where the Attachment Point (“AP”) and Detachment Point (“DP”) are the percentages 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“LP” means the “Loss Percentage” being, in respect of a day, (A) the sum of, in respect of 
each Reference Entity for which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, the product 
of the Reference Entity Notional Amount and one minus the relevant final price, auction final 
price or the set/zero recovery price (as applicable) divided by (B) the sum of the Reference 
Entity Notional Amounts in respect of each Reference Entity for which a Credit Event 
Determination Date has occurred and each Reference Entity for which a Credit Event 
Determination Date has not occurred, expressed as a formula: 
 
“RENA” means the Reference Entity Notional Amount, with RENAu,i being the Reference 
Entity Notional Amount in respect of any Reference Entityi for which a Credit Event 
Determination Date has not occurred and being deemed to be zero for all other Reference 
Entities and RENAA,i is the Reference Entity Notional Amount in respect of any Reference 
Entityi for which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred and being deemed to be 
zero for all other Reference Entities. 
In the case of (i) or (ii) above, where the relevant final price or auction final price or the weighted sum 
of the final prices or auction final prices is less than 100%, investors will receive less than the Calculation 
Amount on redemption of the Notes. 
In the case of (iii) and (iv) above the amount received on redemption may be less than the Calculation 
Amount and may be zero – see the examples set out at the end of this section and “Reference Item-Linked 
Redemption Amount = Inflation Adjusted Redemption Amount” and “Reference Item-Linked Redemption 
Amount = Call Redemption Amount” below for examples of how the occurrence of a Credit Event 
Determination Date may affect the Final Redemption Amount. 
Where FX Principal Conversion is specified as Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Credit 
Event Redemption Amount, determined as provided above, will be adjusted to reflect the change in the 
specified exchange rate between the specified initial FX valuation date(s) and the date falling five Business 
Days prior to the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date. 
Examples of the calculation of the Credit Event Redemption Amount in respect of Credit-Linked Notes: 
The following examples illustrates how the Final Redemption Amount may be calculated in respect 
of Tranched Portfolio Credit-Linked Notes: 
Calculation Amount: EUR 1,000 
Number of Reference Entities: 5 (see table below) 
Attachment Point: 20% 
Detachment Point: 80% 
Unwind Costs: Zero 
Reference 
Entity 
Reference Entity 
Notional Amount 
Scenario 1 
Final Price 
Scenario 2 
Final Price 
Scenario 3 
Final Price 
A 
EUR 200 
- 
- 
75% 
B 
EUR 200 
- 
- 
0% 
  RENAA,i  ×  1 −FPA,i 
n
l…n
  /   RENAu,i + 
n
l…n
 RENAA,i 
n
l…n

--- Page 62 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-54 
 
 
C 
EUR 200 
- 
75% 
0% 
D 
EUR 200 
75% 
25% 
0% 
E 
EUR 200 
50% 
0% 
0% 
(a) 
Scenario 1 – Attachment Point not exceeded 
Loss Percentage (LP) = 
 
Exposure = 
 
Aggregate Portfolio Loss = 
 
Credit Event Redemption Amount = 
 
As the Attachment Point has not been exceeded, the Credit Event Redemption Amount is the same as 
the Calculation Amount. 
(b) 
Scenario 2 – Attachment Point exceeded but Detachment Point not exceeded. 
Loss Percentage (LP) = 
 
Exposure = 
Aggregate Portfolio Loss = 
 
Credit Event Redemption Amount = 
 
As the Attachment Point has been exceeded and the Detachment Point has not been exceeded, the 
Credit Event Redemption Amount is less than the Calculation Amount. 
[(EUR 200 ×  100% −75% ) + (EUR 200 ×  100% −50% )] /   
[EUR 600 + EUR 400] = 15% 
(15% −20%) /  (80% −20%) = −0.0833%  
Min [100%;Max (0%; −0.0833%)] = 0%  
[EUR 1,000 × (100% - 0%)] – 0 = EUR 1,000 
[(EUR 200 × {100% – 75%}) + (EUR 200 × {100% - 25%}) + (EUR 200 × {100% – 0%})] /  
[EUR 600 + EUR 400] = 40% 
(40% –20%) / (80% –20%) =  0.3333%  
Min [100%;Max (0%; 0.3333%)] = 0.3333% 
[EUR 1,000 × (100% – 0.3333%)] – 0 = EUR 666.67

--- Page 63 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-55 
 
 
(c) 
Scenario 3 – Detachment Point exceeded 
Loss Percentage (LP) = 
 
Exposure = 
 
Aggregate Portfolio Loss = 
 
Credit Event Redemption Amount = 
 
As the Attachment Point has been exceeded and the Detachment Point has also been exceeded, the 
Credit Event Redemption Amount is zero and no principal is payable in respect of the Notes. 
16. 
REFERENCE ITEM-LINKED REDEMPTION AMOUNT = INFLATION ADJUSTED 
REDEMPTION AMOUNT 
Where the Issue Terms relating to a Tranche of Notes specifies that the Reference Item-Linked 
Redemption Amount is the “Inflation Adjusted Redemption Amount”, based on the performance of an inflation 
index, such Notes give the investor a right to receive a Final Redemption Amount which will be determined 
in accordance with the formula set out below. Such Notes will be Inflation-Linked Notes (linked to a single 
Inflation Index). 
The Inflation Adjusted Redemption Amount in respect of each Calculation Amount (“CA”) will be 
calculated based on the change in value of the Reference Item and will be determined as the Calculation 
Amount multiplied by an amount (which, depending on the specified Performance Floor, may be less than 
100%) equal to the performance of the Reference Item multiplied by a participation rate. As a formula: 
 
where “RPA” or “Relevant Principal Amount” means the CA multiplied by the Redemption Factor 
(being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms) and, where the relevant Issue Terms specifies that 
FX Principal Conversion is applicable, adjusted to reflect changes in the specified exchange rate between the 
relevant initial exchange rate and the relevant final exchange rate on the specified FX valuation date(s). 
Where the performance of the Reference Item is multiplied by a participation rate (“PR”) greater than 
100%, the effect on the Inflation Adjusted Redemption Amount of changes in the level of the Reference Item 
will be magnified. Where PR is less than 100%, the effect of changes in the level of the Reference Item will 
be reduced. 
In addition, where the relevant Issue Terms specify that FX Option Conversion is applicable, the 
Reference Item Amount will be adjusted to reflect changes in the specified exchange rate between the relevant 
initial exchange rate and the final exchange rate on the specified FX valuation date(s). 
[(EUR 200 × (100% - 75%)) + (EUR 200 × (100% - 0%) × 4)] / [EUR 600 + EUR 400] = 85% 
(85%-20%) / (80% – 20%) = 108.33% 
Min [100%; Max (0%; 108.33%)] = 100% 
[EUR 1,000  (100% – 100%)] – 0 = 0

--- Page 64 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-56 
 
 
Where the Performance Floor is less than 100%, depending on the performance of the Reference Item, 
the Inflation Adjusted Redemption Amount may be less than the Relevant Principal Amount and investors 
may receive on redemption less than the amount they originally invested. 
The Inflation Adjusted Redemption Amount is determined by reference to the performance of the 
Reference Item over a certain time period, determined as the level the Reference Item in respect of a specified 
reference month divided by the level of the Reference Item in respect of a specified preceding reference month, 
expressed as a percentage. 
Consequently, if the level of the Reference Item increases compared to the level of the Reference Item 
in respect of the specified preceding reference month, the Inflation Adjusted Redemption Amount will be 
greater than the Relevant Principal Amount. Conversely, if the level of the Reference Item decreases compared 
to the level of the Reference Item in respect of the specified preceding reference month, the Inflation Adjusted 
Redemption Amount may be less than the Relevant Principal Amount (depending on the Performance Floor). 
Examples of the calculation of the Inflation Adjusted Redemption Amount: 
The following examples illustrate how the Inflation Adjusted Redemption Amount is calculated in 
respect of Notes linked to a single Reference Item: 
Reference Item: Inflation Index A 
Calculation Amount: EUR 1,000 
Redemption Factor: 100% 
Performance Floor: 100% 
Participation Rate (PR): 100% 
FX Principal Conversion: Not Applicable: PFX = 1 
FX Option Conversion: Not Applicable: OFX = 1 
a) 
The rate of inflation increases 
 
Reference Level for the 
Reference Month falling 3 
months prior to the maturity 
date 
Reference Level for the 
Reference Month falling 15 
months prior to the maturity 
date 
Performance 
4.00% 
2.00% 
 
or 
200% 
(expressed 
as 
a 
percentage) 
Inflation Adjusted Redemption Amount = 
 
As the level of the inflation index has increased, investors participate in the increase and the Inflation 
Adjusted Redemption Amount is greater than the Relevant Principal Amount. 
b) 
The rate of inflation decreases 
 
Reference 
Level 
for 
the 
Reference Month falling 3 
Reference Level for the 
Reference Month falling 15 
Performance

--- Page 65 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-57 
 
 
months prior to the maturity 
date 
months prior to the maturity 
date 
1.00% 
2.00% 
 
or 50% (expressed as a percentage) 
Inflation Adjusted Redemption Amount = 
 
As the level of the inflation index has decreased but as the value of the Inflation Adjusted Redemption 
Amount is floored at 100% (Performance Floor is equal to 100%), investors do not participate fully in the 
decrease in the level of the inflation index and the Inflation Adjusted Redemption Amount is equal to the 
Relevant Principal Amount. 
Example of the calculation of the Inflation Adjusted Redemption Amount where the Notes are also 
Credit-Linked Notes: 
The following example illustrates how the Inflation Adjusted Redemption Amount is calculated in 
respect of Inflation-Linked Notes which are also Credit-Linked Notes linked to the credit of a single Reference 
Entity: 
Reference Item: Inflation Index A 
Calculation Amount: EUR 1,000 
Redemption Factor: 100% 
Performance Floor: 100% 
Participation Rate (PR): 100% 
FX Principal Conversion: Not Applicable: PFX = 1 
FX Option Conversion: Not Applicable: OFX = 1 
A Note’s pro rata share of the Reference Entity Notional Amount: EUR 1,000 
Reference Entity Final Price: 40% 
Unwind Costs: Zero 
a) 
A positive performance of the inflation index where a credit event determination date has 
occurred in respect of the Reference Entity 
 
Reference 
Level 
for 
the 
Reference Month falling 3 
months prior to the maturity 
date 
Reference Level for the 
Reference Month falling 15 
months prior to the maturity 
date 
Performance 
4.00% 
2.00%  
 
or 
150% 
(expressed 
as 
a 
percentage) 
Relevant Principal Amount =

--- Page 66 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-58 
 
 
Inflation Adjusted Redemption Amount = 
 
As the level of the inflation index has increased, investors participate in the increase but such increase 
is determined by reference to the Credit Event Redemption Amount rather than the Calculation Amount 
multiplied by the Redemption Factor and the Inflation Adjusted Redemption Amount is therefore not greater 
than the Calculation Amount multiplied by the Redemption Factor. 
17. 
REFERENCE ITEM-LINKED REDEMPTION AMOUNT = CALL REDEMPTION 
AMOUNT 
Where the Issue Terms relating to a Tranche of Notes specifies that the Reference Item-Linked 
Redemption Amount is the “Call Redemption Amount”, based on the economic performance of a Reference 
Item or a basket of Reference Items, such Notes give the investor a right to receive a Final Redemption Amount 
which will be determined in accordance with the formula set out below. Such Notes may be Inflation-Linked 
Notes (linked to an Inflation Index or a basket of Inflation Indices), Index-Linked Notes (linked to an Index or 
a basket of Indices), Equity-Linked Notes (linked to an Underlying Equity or a basket of Underlying Equities), 
Fund-Linked Notes (linked to a Fund Interest or a basket of Fund Interests), Currency-Linked Notes (linked 
to an FX Rate or a basket of FX Rates) or Commodity-Linked Notes (linked to a Commodity or a basket of 
Commodities). 
The Call Redemption Amount in respect of each Calculation Amount (“CA”) will be calculated based 
on the change in value of the relevant Reference Item(s) by reference to the following formula: 
 
where “RPA” or “Relevant Principal Amount” means the CA multiplied by the Redemption Factor 
(being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms) and, where the relevant Issue Terms specifies that 
FX Principal Conversion is applicable, adjusted to reflect changes in the specified exchange rate between the 
relevant initial exchange rate and the relevant final exchange rate on the specified FX valuation date(s). 
The Reference Item Amount will be determined as the Calculation Amount multiplied by an amount 
(which, depending on the specified Performance Floor, may be less than zero) determined by reference to the 
performance of the relevant Reference Item(s), as a formula: 
 
Where Call Performance is multiplied by a participation rate (“PR”) greater than 100%, the effect on 
the Reference Item Amount of changes in the level of the relevant Reference Item(s) will be magnified. Where 
PR is less than 100%, the effect of changes in the level of the relevant Reference Item(s) will be reduced. 
In addition, where the relevant Issue Terms specify that FX Option Conversion is applicable, the 
Reference Item Amount will be adjusted to reflect changes in the specified exchange rate between the relevant 
initial exchange rate and the relevant final exchange rate on the specified FX valuation date(s). 
Where Performance Floor is less than zero, if Call Performance is negative, the Call Redemption 
Amount will be less than the Relevant Principal Amount and investors may receive on redemption less than 
the amount they originally invested. However, where Performance Floor is greater than Call Performance, this 
will operate to increase the Call Redemption Amount compared to what it would have been had such floor not 
been applied. 
RPA + Reference Item Amount

--- Page 67 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-59 
 
 
Call Performance is determined as either (i) the performance of the Reference Item (where the Notes 
relate to a single Reference Item) or (ii) the sum of the weighted performances of each of the Reference Items 
or the performance of the Reference Item which has a performance which is ranked the specified number 
highest of all of the Reference Items (where the Notes relate to a basket of Reference Items) MINUS the Strike 
(being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms). 
The performance of any Reference Item is determined as the value or the average value of the relevant 
Reference Item in respect of specified final valuation date(s) or where “Look-Back” is specified as Applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, the highest or lowest (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) value of the relevant 
Reference Item in respect of specified final valuation date(s) divided by the value, the average value or, where 
“Look-Back” is specified as Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the lowest or highest (as specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms) value of the relevant Reference Item in respect of specified initial valuation date(s), 
expressed as a percentage.   
Consequently, if the relevant value of the Reference Item(s) increases compared to the relevant value 
of the Reference Item(s) in respect of the specified initial valuation date(s), Call Performance will be positive 
and the Call Redemption Amount will be greater than the Relevant Principal Amount. Conversely, if the 
relevant value of the Reference Item(s) decreases compared to the relevant value of the Reference Item(s) in 
respect of the specified initial valuation date(s), Call Performance will be negative and (subject to the 
Performance Floor) the Call Redemption Amount may be less than the Relevant Principal Amount. 
Examples of the calculation of the Call Redemption Amount: 
The following examples illustrate how the Call Redemption Amount is calculated in respect of Notes 
linked to a basket of two equally weighted Reference Items: 
Reference Items: 
Reference Item 1: Share A 
Reference Item 2: Share B 
 
Reference Item Initial Value: 
Reference Item 1: EUR 100 
Reference Item 2: EUR 100 
 
Reference Item Weighting: 
Reference Item 1: 50% 
Reference Item 2: 50% 
 
Calculation Amount: EUR 1,000 
Strike: 100% 
Redemption Factor: 100% 
Performance Floor: Zero 
Participation Rate (PR): 100% 
FX Principal Conversion: Not Applicable: PFX = 1 
FX Option Conversion: Not Applicable: OFX = 1 
a) 
A positive Call Performance 
 
Final Value of Reference Items 
Performance 
Call Performance 
Share A: EUR 125 
Share A:

--- Page 68 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-60 
 
 
 
or 
125% 
(expressed 
as 
a 
percentage) 
 
Share B: EUR 140 
Share B: 
 
or 
140% 
(expressed 
as 
a 
percentage) 
Call Redemption Amount = 
 
As the value of the shares has increased, investors participate in the increase in value and the Call 
Redemption Amount is greater than the Relevant Principal Amount. 
b) 
A negative Call Performance 
 
Final Value of Reference Items 
Performance 
Call Performance 
Share A: EUR 80 
Share A: 
 
or 
80% 
(expressed 
as 
a 
percentage) 
 
Share B: EUR 95 
Share B: 
 
or 
95% 
(expressed 
as 
a 
percentage) 
Call Redemption Amount = 
 
The value of the shares has decreased but as the value of the Reference Item Amount is floored at zero 
(Performance Floor is equal to zero), investors do not participate fully in the decrease in the value of the shares 
and the Call Redemption Amount is equal to the Relevant Principal Amount. 
EUR140
EUR100 = 1.40 
EUR95
EUR100 = 0.95 
(EUR 1,000 × 100% x 1) + (EUR 1,000 × Max [0; (100% × -12.5%)] × 1) = EUR 1,000

--- Page 69 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-61 
 
 
Examples of the calculation of the Call Redemption Amount where the Notes are also Credit-Linked Notes: 
The following examples illustrate how the Call Redemption Amount is calculated in respect of Notes 
linked to a basket of two equally weighted Reference Items where the Notes are Equity-Linked Notes which 
are also Credit-Linked Notes linked to the credit of a single Reference Entity: 
Reference Items: 
Reference Item 1: Share A 
Reference Item 2: Share B 
 
Reference Item Initial Value: 
Reference Item 1: EUR 100 
Reference Item 2: EUR 100 
 
Reference Item Weighting: 
Reference Item 1: 50% 
Reference Item 2: 50% 
 
Calculation Amount: EUR 1,000 
Strike: 100% 
Redemption Factor: 100% 
Performance Floor: Zero 
Participation Rate (PR): 100% 
FX Principal Conversion: Not Applicable: PFX = 1 
FX Option Conversion: Not Applicable: OFX = 1 
A Note’s pro rata share of the Reference Entity Notional Amount: EUR 1,000 
Reference Entity Final Price: 40% 
Unwind Costs: Zero 
a) 
A positive Call Performance 
 
Final Value of Reference Items 
Performance 
Call Performance 
Share A: EUR 125 
Share A:  
 
or 
125% 
(expressed 
as 
a 
percentage) 
 
 
Share B: EUR 140 
Share B: 
 
or 
140% 
(expressed 
as 
a 
percentage) 
EUR125
EUR100 = 1.25

--- Page 70 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-62 
 
 
Relevant Principal Amount = 
 
Call Redemption Amount = 
 
As the value of the shares has increased, investors participate in the increase in value. However, as a 
Credit Event has occurred, although the Reference Item Amount is determined by reference to the full amount 
of the Calculation Amount, the Relevant Principal Amount is the Credit Event Redemption Amount rather 
than the Calculation Amount multiplied by the Redemption Factor and the Call Redemption Amount is 
therefore not greater than the Calculation Amount multiplied by the Redemption Factor. 
18. 
REFERENCE ITEM-LINKED REDEMPTION AMOUNT = PUT REDEMPTION AMOUNT 
Where the Issue Terms relating to a Tranche of Notes specifies that the Reference Item-Linked 
Redemption Amount is the “Put Redemption Amount”, based on the economic performance of a Reference 
Item or a basket of Reference Items, such Notes give the investor a right to receive a Final Redemption Amount 
which will be determined in accordance with the formula set out below. Such Notes may be Inflation-Linked 
Notes (linked to an Inflation Index or a basket of Inflation Indices), Index-Linked Notes (linked to an Index or 
a basket of Indices), Equity-Linked Notes (linked to an Underlying Equity or a basket of Underlying Equities), 
Fund-Linked Notes (linked to a Fund Interest or a basket of Fund Interests), Currency-Linked Notes (linked 
to an FX Rate or a basket of FX Rates) or Commodity-Linked Notes (linked to a Commodity or a basket of 
Commodities). 
The Put Redemption Amount in respect of each Calculation Amount (“CA”) will be calculated based 
on the change in value of the relevant Reference Item(s) by reference to the following formula: 
 
where “RPA” or “Relevant Principal Amount” means the CA multiplied by the Redemption Factor 
(being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms) and, where the relevant Issue Terms specifies that 
FX Principal Conversion is applicable, adjusted to reflect changes in the specified exchange rate between the 
relevant initial exchange rate and the relevant final exchange rate on the specified FX valuation date(s). 
The Reference Item Amount will be determined as the Calculation Amount multiplied by an amount 
(which, depending on the specified Performance Floor, may be less than zero) determined by reference to the 
performance of the relevant Reference Item(s), as a formula: 
 
Where Put Performance is multiplied by a participation rate (“PR”) greater than 100%, the effect on 
the Reference Item Amount of changes in the level of the relevant Reference Item(s) will be magnified. Where 
PR is less than 100%, the effect of changes in the level of the relevant Reference Item(s) will be reduced. 
In addition, where the relevant Issue Terms specify that FX Option Conversion is applicable, the 
Reference Item Amount will be adjusted to reflect changes in the specified exchange rate between the relevant 
initial exchange rate and the relevant final exchange rate on the specified FX valuation date(s). 
Where Performance Floor is less than zero, if Put Performance is negative, the Put Redemption 
Amount will be less than the Relevant Principal Amount and investors may receive on redemption less than 
the amount they originally invested. However, where Performance Floor is greater than Put Performance, this 
[(EUR 1,000 × 40%) – 0] × 100% × 1 = EUR 400 
EUR 400 + (EUR 1,000 × Max [0; (100% × 32.5%)] × 1) = EUR 725 
RPA + Reference Item Amount 
CA x Max [Performance Floor; (PR x Put Performance)] x OFX

--- Page 71 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-63 
 
 
will operate to increase the Put Redemption Amount compared to what it would have been had such floor not 
been applied. 
Put Performance is determined as the Strike (being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms) MINUS either (i) the performance of the Reference Item (where the Notes relate to a single Reference 
Item) or (ii) the sum of the weighted performances of each of the Reference Items or the performance of the 
Reference Item which has a performance which is ranked the specified number highest of all of the Reference 
Items (where the Notes relate to a basket of Reference Items). 
The performance of any Reference Item is determined as the value or the average value of the relevant 
Reference Item in respect of specified final valuation date(s) or where “Look-Back” is specified as Applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, the lowest or highest (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) value of the relevant 
Reference Item in respect of specified final valuation date(s) divided by the value, the average value or, where 
“Look-Back” is specified as Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the highest or lowest (as specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms) value of the relevant Reference Item in respect of specified initial valuation date(s), 
expressed as a percentage.    
Consequently, if the relevant value of the Reference Item(s) decreases compared to the relevant value 
of the Reference Item(s) in respect of the specified initial valuation date(s), Put Performance will be positive 
and the Put Redemption Amount will be greater than the Relevant Principal Amount. Conversely, if the 
relevant value of the Reference Item(s) increases compared to the relevant value of the Reference Item(s) in 
respect of the specified initial valuation date(s), Put Performance will be negative and (subject to the 
Performance Floor) the Put Redemption Amount may be less than the Relevant Principal Amount. 
Examples of the calculation of the Put Redemption Amount: 
The following examples illustrate how the Put Redemption Amount is calculated in respect of Notes 
linked to a basket of two equally weighted Reference Items: 
Reference Items: 
Reference Item 1: Share A 
Reference Item 2: Share B 
 
Reference Item Initial Value: 
Reference Item 1: EUR 100 
Reference Item 2: EUR 100 
 
Reference Item Weighting: 
Reference Item 1: 50% 
Reference Item 2: 50% 
 
Calculation Amount: EUR 1,000 
Strike: 100% 
Redemption Factor: 100% 
Performance Floor: Zero 
Participation Rate (PR): 100% 
FX Principal Conversion: Not Applicable: PFX = 1 
FX Option Conversion: Not Applicable: OFX = 1 
a) 
A negative Put Performance

--- Page 72 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-64 
 
 
Final Value of Reference Items 
Performance 
Put Performance 
Share A: EUR 125 
Share A: 
 
or 125% (expressed as a percentage) 
 
 
Share B: EUR 140 
Share B: 
 
or 140% (expressed as a percentage) 
Put Redemption Amount = 
 
As the value of the shares has increased, the Put Performance is negative. However, as the Reference 
Item Amount is floored at zero (Performance Floor is equal to zero), investors do not participate fully in the 
decrease in the value of the shares and the Put Redemption Amount is equal to the Relevant Principal Amount. 
b) 
A positive Put Performance 
 
Final Value of Reference Items 
Performance 
Put Performance 
Share A: EUR80 
Share A: 
 
or 80% (expressed as a percentage) 
 
 
 
 
Share B: EUR95 
Share B: 
 
or 95% (expressed as a percentage) 
Put Redemption Amount = 
 
As the value of the shares has decreased, the Put Performance is positive and the Reference Item 
Amount is greater than zero. 
19. 
REFERENCE ITEM-LINKED REDEMPTION AMOUNT = CALL SPREAD REDEMPTION 
AMOUNT 
Where the Issue Terms relating to a Tranche of Notes specifies that the Reference Item-Linked 
Redemption Amount is the “Call Spread Redemption Amount”, based on the economic performance of a 
EUR120
EUR100 =  1.25 
(EUR 1,000 × 100% × 1) + (EUR 1,000 × Max [0; 100% × -32.5%] × 1) = EUR 1,000  
(EUR 1,000 × 100% × 1) + (EUR 1,000 × Max [0; 100% × 12.5%] × 1) = EUR 1,125

--- Page 73 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-65 
 
 
Reference Item or a basket of Reference Items, such Notes give the investor a right to receive a Final 
Redemption Amount which will be determined in accordance with the formula set out below. Such Notes may 
be Inflation-Linked Notes (linked to an Inflation Index or a basket of Inflation Indices), Index-Linked Notes 
(linked to an Index or a basket of Indices), Equity-Linked Notes (linked to an Underlying Equity or a basket 
of Underlying Equities), Fund-Linked Notes (linked to a Fund Interest or a basket of Fund Interests), Currency-
Linked Notes (linked to an FX Rate or a basket of FX Rates) or Commodity-Linked Notes (linked to a 
Commodity or a basket of Commodities). 
The Call Spread Redemption Amount in respect of each Calculation Amount (“CA”) will be calculated 
based on the change in value of the relevant Reference Item(s) by reference to the following formula: 
 
where “RPA” or “Relevant Principal Amount” means the CA multiplied by the Redemption Factor 
(being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms) and, where the relevant Issue Terms specifies that 
FX Principal Conversion is applicable, adjusted to reflect changes in the specified exchange rate between the 
relevant initial exchange rate and the relevant final exchange rate on the specified FX valuation date(s). 
The Reference Item Amount will be determined as the Calculation Amount multiplied by an amount 
(which, depending on the specified Performance Floor, may be less than zero) determined by reference to the 
performance of the relevant Reference Item(s), as a formula: 
 
Where Capped Performance is multiplied by a participation rate (“PR”) greater than 100%, the effect 
on the Reference Item Amount of changes in the level of the relevant Reference Item(s) will be magnified. 
Where PR is less than 100%, the effect of changes in the level of the relevant Reference Item(s) will be reduced. 
In addition, where the relevant Issue Terms specify that FX Option Conversion is applicable, the 
Reference Item Amount will be adjusted to reflect changes in the specified exchange rate between the relevant 
initial exchange rate and the relevant final exchange rate on the specified FX valuation date(s). 
Where Performance Floor is less than zero, if Capped Performance is negative, the Call Spread 
Redemption Amount will be less than the Relevant Principal Amount and investors may receive on redemption 
less than the amount they originally invested. However, where Performance Floor is greater than Capped 
Performance, this will operate to increase the Call Spread Redemption Amount compared to what it would 
have been had such floor not been applied. 
Capped Performance is determined as the lower of the Performance Cap (being a percentage specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms) and the Call Performance. 
Call Performance is determined as either (i) the performance of the Reference Item (where the Notes 
relate to a single Reference Item) or (ii) the sum of the weighted performances of each of the Reference Items 
or the performance of the Reference Item which has a performance which is ranked the specified number 
highest of all of the Reference Items (where the Notes relate to a basket of Reference Items) MINUS the Strike 
(being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms). 
The performance of any Reference Item is determined as the value or the average value of the relevant 
Reference Item in respect of specified final valuation date(s) or where “Look-Back” is specified as Applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, the highest or lowest (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) value of the relevant 
Reference Item in respect of specified final valuation date(s) divided by the value, the average value or, where 
“Look-Back” is specified as Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the lowest or lowest (as specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms) value of the relevant Reference Item in respect of specified initial valuation date(s), 
expressed as a percentage. 
RPA + Reference Item Amount 
CA x Max [Performance Floor; (PR x Capped Performance)] x OFX

--- Page 74 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-66 
 
 
Consequently and subject as provided below, if the relevant value of the Reference Item(s) increases 
compared to the relevant value of the Reference Item(s) in respect of the specified initial valuation date(s), 
Call Performance will be positive and the Call Redemption Amount will be greater than the Relevant Principal 
Amount. Conversely, if the relevant value of the Reference Item(s) decreases compared to the relevant value 
of the Reference Item(s) in respect of the specified initial valuation date(s), Call Performance will be negative 
and (subject to the Performance Floor) the Call Redemption Amount may be less than the Relevant Principal 
Amount. 
Investors should note, however, that Call Performance will be subject to the Performance Cap and 
investors will therefore not profit from any performance which is higher than that cap. 
Examples of the calculation of the Call Spread Redemption Amount: 
The following examples illustrate how the Call Spread Redemption Amount is calculated in respect 
of Notes linked to a basket of two equally weighted Reference Items: 
Reference Items: 
Reference Item 1: Share A 
Reference Item 2: Share B 
 
Reference Item Initial Value: 
Reference Item 1: EUR 100 
Reference Item 2: EUR 100 
 
Reference Item Weighting: 
Reference Item 1: 50% 
Reference Item 2: 50% 
 
Calculation Amount: EUR 1,000 
Strike: 100% 
Redemption Factor: 100% 
Performance Floor: Zero 
Participation Rate (PR): 100% 
FX Principal Conversion: Not Applicable: PFX = 1 
FX Option Conversion: Not Applicable: OFX = 1 
Performance Cap: 20% 
a) 
A positive Call Performance above the Performance Cap 
 
Final Value of Reference Items 
Performance 
Call Performance 
Share A: EUR 125 
Share A: 
 
or 125% (expressed as a percentage) 
 
Share B: EUR 140 
 
Share B:

--- Page 75 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-67 
 
 
or 140% (expressed as a percentage) 
However, as the Call Performance is subject to the Performance Cap (being 20%), Capped 
Performance = 20% 
Call Spread Redemption Amount = 
 
As the value of the shares has increased and the sum of the weighted performance of the shares has 
increased by more than the Performance Cap, investors participate in the increase in value of the Shares but 
only up to the Performance Cap, meaning that the Call Spread Redemption Amount is EUR 1,200 and not 
EUR 1,325. 
b) 
A positive Call Performance below the Performance Cap 
 
Final Value of Reference 
Items 
Performance 
Call Performance 
Share A: EUR 110 
Share A: 
 
or 110% (expressed as a percentage) 
 
Share B: EUR 115 
Share B: 
 
or 115% (expressed as a percentage) 
As Call Performance is less than the Performance Cap (being, 20%), the Capped Performance is the 
same as the Call Performance = 12.5% 
Call Spread Redemption Amount = 
 
As the value of the shares has increased but the sum of the weighted performance of the shares has not 
increased by more than the Performance Cap, investors participate fully in the increase in value of the shares 
and the Call Spread Redemption Amount is greater than the Relevant Principal Amount. 
c) 
A negative Call Performance 
 
Final 
Value 
of 
Reference Items 
Performance 
Call Performance 
Share A: EUR 80 
Share A: 
(EUR 1,000 × 100% × 1) + (EUR 1,000 × Max [0; (100% × 20%)] × 1) = EUR 1,200 
EUR115
EUR100 =  1.15 
(EUR 1,000 × 100% × 1) + (EUR 1,000 × Max [0; 100% × 12.5%] × 1) = EUR 1,125

--- Page 76 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-68 
 
 
 
or 80% (expressed as a percentage) 
 
Share B: EUR 95 
Share B: 
 
or 95% (expressed as a percentage) 
Call Spread Redemption Amount = 
 
As the value of the shares has decreased, the Call Performance is negative. However, as the Reference 
Item Amount is floored at zero (Performance Floor is equal to zero), investors do not participate fully in the 
decrease in value of the shares and the Call Spread Redemption Amount is equal to the Relevant Principal 
Amount. 
20. 
REFERENCE ITEM-LINKED REDEMPTION AMOUNT = PUT SPREAD REDEMPTION 
AMOUNT 
Where the Issue Terms relating to a Tranche of Notes specifies that the Reference Item-Linked 
Redemption Amount is the “Put Spread Redemption Amount”, based on the economic performance of a 
Reference Item or a basket of Reference Items, such Notes give the investor a right to receive a Final 
Redemption Amount which will be determined in accordance with the formula set out below. Such Notes may 
be Inflation-Linked Notes (linked to an Inflation Index or a basket of Inflation Indices), Index-Linked Notes 
(linked to an Index or a basket of Indices), Equity-Linked Notes (linked to an Underlying Equity or a basket 
of Underlying Equities), Fund-Linked Notes (linked to a Fund Interest or a basket of Fund Interests), Currency-
Linked Notes (linked to an FX Rate or a basket of FX Rates) or Commodity-Linked Notes (linked to a 
Commodity or a basket of Commodities). 
The Put Spread Redemption Amount in respect of each Calculation Amount (“CA”) will be calculated 
based on the change in value of the relevant Reference Item(s) by reference to the following formula: 
 
where “RPA” or “Relevant Principal Amount” means the CA multiplied by the Redemption Factor 
(being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms) and, where the relevant Issue Terms specifies that 
FX Principal Conversion is applicable, adjusted to reflect changes in the specified exchange rate between the 
relevant initial exchange rate and the relevant final exchange rate on the specified FX valuation date(s). 
The Reference Item Amount will be determined as the Calculation Amount multiplied by an amount 
(which, depending on the specified Performance Floor, may be less than zero) determined by reference to the 
performance of the relevant Reference Item(s), as a formula:

--- Page 77 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-69 
 
 
Where Capped Performance is multiplied by a participation rate (“PR”) greater than 100%, the effect 
on the Reference Item Amount of changes in the level of the relevant Reference Item(s) will be magnified. 
Where PR is less than 100%, the effect of changes in the level of the relevant Reference Item(s) will be reduced. 
In addition, where the relevant Issue Terms specify that FX Option Conversion is applicable, the 
Reference Item Amount will be adjusted to reflect changes in the specified exchange rate between the relevant 
initial exchange rate and the relevant final exchange rate on the specified FX valuation date(s). 
Where Performance Floor is less than zero, if Capped Performance is negative, the Put Spread 
Redemption Amount will be less than the Relevant Principal Amount and investors may receive on redemption 
less than the amount they originally invested. However, where Performance Floor is greater than Capped 
Performance, this will operate to increase the Put Spread Redemption Amount compared to what it would have 
been had such floor not been applied. 
Capped Performance is the lower of the Performance Cap (being the percentage specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms) and the Put Performance. 
Put Performance is determined as the Strike (being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms) MINUS either (i) the performance of the Reference Item (where the Notes relate to a single Reference 
Item) or (ii) the sum of the weighted performances of each of the Reference Items or the performance of the 
Reference Item which has a performance which is ranked the specified number highest of all of the Reference 
Items (where the Notes relate to a basket of Reference Items). 
The performance of any Reference Item is determined as the value or the average value of the relevant 
Reference Item in respect of specified final valuation date(s) or where “Look-Back” is specified as Applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, the highest or lowest (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) value of the relevant 
Reference Item in respect of specified final valuation date(s) divided by the value, the average value or, where 
“Look-Back” is specified as Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the lowest or lowest (as specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms) value of the relevant Reference Item in respect of specified initial valuation date(s), 
expressed as a percentage. 
Consequently and subject as provided below, if the relevant value of the Reference Item(s) decreases 
compared to the relevant value of the Reference Item(s) in respect of the specified initial valuation date(s), Put 
Performance will be positive and the Put Redemption Amount will be greater than the Relevant Principal 
Amount. Conversely, if the relevant value of the Reference Item(s) increases compared to the relevant value 
of the Reference Item(s) in respect of the specified initial valuation date(s), Put Performance will be negative 
and (subject to the Performance Floor) the Put Redemption Amount may be less than the Relevant Principal 
Amount. 
Investors should note, however, that Put Performance will be subject to the Performance Cap and 
investors will therefore not profit from any performance which is higher than that cap. 
Examples of the calculation of the Put Spread Redemption Amount: 
The following examples illustrate how the Put Spread Redemption Amount is calculated in respect of 
Notes linked to a basket of two equally weighted Reference Items: 
Reference Items: 
Reference Item 1: Share A 
Reference Item 2: Share B 
 
Reference Item Initial Value: 
Reference Item 1: EUR 100 
Reference Item 2: EUR 100

--- Page 78 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-70 
 
 
 
Reference Item Weighting: 
Reference Item 1: 50% 
Reference Item 2: 50% 
 
Calculation Amount: EUR 1,000 
Strike: 100% 
Redemption Factor: 100% 
Performance Cap: 20% 
Performance Floor: Zero 
Participation Rate (PR): 100% 
FX Principal Conversion: Not Applicable: PFX = 1 
FX Option Conversion: Not Applicable: OFX = 1 
a) 
A negative Put Performance 
 
Final 
Value 
of 
Reference Items 
Performance 
Put Performance 
Share A: EUR 125 
Share A: 
 
or 125% (expressed as a percentage) 
 
Share B: EUR 140 
 
Share B: 
 
or 140% (expressed as a percentage) 
Put Spread Redemption Amount = 
 
As the value of the shares has increased, the Put Performance is negative. However, as the Reference Item 
Amount is floored at zero (Performance Floor is equal to zero), investors do not participate in the full decrease 
in value of the shares and the Put Spread Redemption Amount is equal to the Relevant Principal Amount. 
b) 
A positive Put Performance below the Performance Cap 
 
Final Value of Reference 
Items 
Performance 
Put Performance 
Share A: EUR 80 
Share A:

--- Page 79 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-71 
 
 
or 80% (expressed as a percentage) 
Share B: EUR 95 
Share B: 
 
or 95% (expressed as a percentage) 
Put Spread Redemption Amount = 
 
As the value of the shares has decreased but the sum of the weighted performances of the shares is not 
greater than the Performance Cap, investors participate fully in the decrease in value of the shares and the Put 
Spread Redemption Amount is greater than the Relevant Principal Amount. 
c) 
A positive Put Performance above the Performance Cap 
 
Final Value of Reference 
Items 
Performance 
Put Performance 
Share A: EUR 70 
Share A: 
 
or 70% (expressed as a percentage) 
 
 
 
 
 
Share B: EUR 60 
Share B: 
 
or 60% (expressed as a percentage) 
Put Spread Redemption Amount = 
 
The value of the shares has decreased and the sum of the weighted performance of the shares is greater 
than the Performance Cap, investors participate in the decrease in the value of the Shares but only up to the 
Performance Cap, meaning that the Put Spread Redemption Amount is EUR 1,200 and not EUR 1,350. 
21. 
REFERENCE ITEM-LINKED REDEMPTION AMOUNT = INDIVIDUALLY CAPPED 
CALL REDEMPTION AMOUNT 
Where the Issue Terms relating to a Tranche of Notes specifies that the Reference Item-Linked 
Redemption Amount is the “Individually Capped Call Redemption Amount” based on the economic 
performance of a basket of Reference Items, such Notes give the investor a right to receive a Final Redemption

--- Page 80 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-72 
 
 
Amount which will be determined in accordance with the formula set out below. Such Notes may be Index-
Linked Notes (linked to a basket of Indices), Equity-Linked Notes (linked to a basket of Underlying Equities), 
Fund-Linked Notes (linked to a basket of Fund Interests), Currency-Linked Notes (linked to a basket of FX 
Rates) or Commodity-Linked Notes (linked to a basket of Commodities). 
The Individually Capped Call Redemption Amount in respect of each Calculation Amount (“CA”) 
will be calculated based on the change in value of the relevant Reference Items by reference to the following 
formula: 
 
where “RPA” or “Relevant Principal Amount” means the CA multiplied by the Redemption Factor 
(being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms) and, where the relevant Issue Terms specifies that 
FX Principal Conversion is applicable, adjusted to reflect changes in the specified exchange rate between the 
relevant initial exchange rate and the relevant final exchange rate on the specified FX valuation date(s). 
The Reference Item Amount will be determined as the Calculation Amount multiplied by an amount 
(which, depending on the specified Performance Floor, may be less than zero) determined by reference to the 
performance of the relevant Reference Items, as a formula: 
 
Where Individually Capped Performance is multiplied by a participation rate (“PR”) greater than 
100%, the effect on the Reference Item Amount of changes in the level of the relevant Reference Items will 
be magnified. Where PR is less than 100%, the effect of changes in the level of the relevant Reference Items 
will be reduced. 
In addition, where the relevant Issue Terms specify that FX Option Conversion is applicable, the 
Reference Item Amount will be adjusted to reflect changes in the specified exchange rate between the relevant 
initial exchange rate and the relevant final exchange rate on the specified FX valuation date(s). 
Where Performance Floor is less than zero, if Individually Capped Performance is negative, the 
Individually Capped Call Redemption Amount will be less than the Relevant Principal Amount and investors 
may receive on redemption less than the amount they originally invested. However, where Performance Floor 
is greater than Individually Capped Performance, this will operate to increase the Individually Capped Call 
Redemption Amount compared to what it would have been had such floor not been applied. 
Individually Capped Performance is determined as the sum of the weighted Capped Performances of 
each of the Reference Items. 
Capped Performance of any Reference Item is determined as the lower of the Performance Cap (being 
the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms) and the Call Performance of such Reference Item. 
Call Performance of any Reference Item is determined as the performance of such Reference Item 
MINUS the Strike (being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms). 
The performance of any Reference Item is determined as the value or the average value of the relevant 
Reference Item in respect of specified final valuation date(s) or where “Look-Back” is specified as Applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, the highest or lowest (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) value of the relevant 
Reference Item in respect of specified final valuation date(s) divided by the value, the average value or, where 
“Look-Back” is specified as Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the lowest or highest (as specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms) value of the relevant Reference Item in respect of specified initial valuation date(s), 
expressed as a percentage.

--- Page 81 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-73 
 
 
Consequently, if the relevant value of a Reference Item increases compared to the relevant value of 
such Reference Item in respect of the specified initial valuation date(s), Call Performance for such Reference 
Item will be positive, subject to the cap described below, and the relevant value of the Individually Capped 
Call Redemption Amount will increase. Conversely, if the relevant value of a Reference Item decreases 
compared to the relevant value of such Reference Item in respect of the specified initial valuation date(s), Call 
Performance for such Reference Item will be negative and (subject to the Performance Floor) the value of 
Individually Capped Performance will decrease. 
Investors should note, however, that the performance of each Reference Item is individually capped 
at a predefined level. Therefore, the Individually Capped Call Redemption Amount will be limited to a 
maximum amount and investors will not profit from any performance in respect of any Reference Item which 
is higher than the relevant cap. 
Examples of the calculation of the Individually Capped Call Redemption Amount: 
The following examples illustrate how the Individually Capped Call Redemption Amount is calculated 
in respect of Notes linked to a basket of two equally weighted Reference Items: 
Reference Items: 
Reference Item 1: Share A 
Reference Item 2: Share B 
 
Reference Item Initial Value: 
Reference Item 1: EUR 100 
Reference Item 2: EUR 100 
 
Reference Item Weighting: 
Reference Item 1: 50% 
Reference Item 2: 50% 
 
Reference Item Performance Cap: 
Reference Item 1: 40% 
Reference Item 2: 40% 
 
Calculation Amount: EUR 1,000 
Strike: 100% 
Redemption Factor: 100% 
Performance Floor: Zero 
Participation Rate (PR): 100% 
FX Principal Conversion: Not Applicable: PFX = 1 
FX Option Conversion: Not Applicable: OFX = 1 
a) 
A positive Call Performance above the Performance Cap in respect of one share 
 
Final 
Value 
of 
Reference Items 
Performance 
Call Performance of 
Reference Items 
Capped Performance of 
Reference Items 
Share A: EUR 170 
Share A:

--- Page 82 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-74 
 
 
or 170% (expressed as a 
percentage) 
Share B: EUR 130 
Share B: 
 
 
 
 
or 130% (expressed as a 
percentage) 
 
 
As the performance of Share A is above the Performance Cap for Share A (i.e. 50%), the performance 
for Share A is capped at 50% but the performance of Share B is below the Performance Cap and is therefore 
not capped. Therefore, the Individually Capped Performance is: 
 
Individually Capped Call Redemption Amount = 
 
As the value of the shares has increased, the sum of the weighted capped performance of the shares 
has increased. Investors therefore participate in the increase in value of the shares but only up to the 
Performance Cap for each share, meaning that the Individually Capped Call Redemption Amount is EUR 
1,350 and not EUR 1,500. 
b) 
A positive Call Performance below the Performance Caps 
 
Final 
Value 
of 
Reference Items 
Performance 
Call Performance of 
Reference Items 
Capped Performance of 
Reference Items 
Share A: EUR 125 
Share A: 
 
 
 
 
or 125% (expressed as a 
percentage) 
 
 
Share B: EUR 140 
Share B: 
 
 
 
 
or 140% (expressed as a 
percentage) 
 
 
The performance of each of the shares is below the Performance Cap and is therefore not capped. 
Therefore, the Individually Capped Performance is:

--- Page 83 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-75 
 
 
 
Individually Capped Call Redemption Amount = 
 
As the value of the shares has increased, investors participate in the increase in value and the 
Individually Capped Call Redemption Amount is greater than the Relevant Principal Amount. 
c) 
A negative Call Performance 
 
Final 
Value 
of 
Reference Items 
Performance 
Call Performance of 
Reference Items 
Capped Performance of 
Reference Items 
Share A: EUR 80 
Share A: 
 
 
 
 
or 80% (expressed as a 
percentage) 
 
 
Share B: EUR 95 
Share B: 
 
 
 
 
or 95% (expressed as a 
percentage) 
 
 
The performance of each of the shares is below the Performance Cap and is therefore not capped. 
Therefore, the Individually Capped Performance is: 
 
Individually Capped Call Redemption Amount = 
 
The value of the shares has decreased but as the value of the Reference Item Amount is floored at zero 
(Performance Floor is equal to zero), investors do not participate fully in the decrease in value of the shares 
and the Individually Capped Call Redemption Amount is equal to the Relevant Principal Amount. 
22. 
REFERENCE ITEM-LINKED REDEMPTION AMOUNT = FIXED BEST CALL 
REDEMPTION AMOUNT 
Where the Issue Terms relating to a Tranche of Notes specifies that the Reference Item-Linked 
Redemption Amount is the “Fixed Best Call Redemption Amount” based on the economic performance of a 
basket of Reference Items, such Notes give the investor a right to receive a Final Redemption Amount which 
will be determined in accordance with the formula set out below. Such Notes may be Index-Linked Notes 
(linked to a basket of Indices), Equity-Linked Notes (linked to a basket of Underlying Equities), Fund-Linked

--- Page 84 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-76 
 
 
Notes (linked to a basket of Fund Interests), Currency-Linked Notes (linked to a basket of FX Rates) or 
Commodity-Linked Notes (linked to a basket of Commodities). 
The Fixed Best Call Redemption Amount in respect of each Calculation Amount (“CA”) will be 
calculated based on the change in value of the relevant Reference Items by reference to the following formula: 
 
where “RPA” or “Relevant Principal Amount” means the CA multiplied by the Redemption Factor 
(being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms) and, where the relevant Issue Terms specifies that 
FX Principal Conversion is applicable, adjusted to reflect changes in the specified exchange rate between the 
relevant initial exchange rate and the relevant final exchange rate on the specified FX valuation date(s). 
The Reference Item Amount will be determined as the Calculation Amount multiplied by an amount 
(which, depending on the specified Performance Floor, may be less than zero) determined by reference to the 
performance of the relevant Reference Items, as a formula: 
 
Where Fixed Best Call Performance is multiplied by a participation rate (“PR”) greater than 100%, 
the effect on the Reference Item Amount of changes in the level of the relevant Reference Items will be 
magnified. Where PR is less than 100%, the effect of changes in the level of the relevant Reference Item(s) 
will be reduced. 
In addition, where the relevant Issue Terms specify that FX Option Conversion is applicable, the 
Reference Item Amount will be adjusted to reflect changes in the specified exchange rate between the relevant 
initial exchange rate and the relevant final exchange rate on the specified FX valuation date(s). 
Where Performance Floor is less than zero, if Fixed Best Call Performance is negative, the Fixed Best 
Call Redemption Amount will be less than the Relevant Principal Amount and investors may receive on 
redemption less than the amount they originally invested. However, where Performance Floor is greater than 
Fixed Best Call Performance, this will operate to increase the Fixed Best Call Redemption Amount compared 
to what it would have been had such floor not been applied. 
Fixed Best Call Performance is determined as the sum of the weighted Adjusted Call Performance of 
each of the Reference Items. 
Adjusted Call Performance means (i) in relation to each Best Performing Reference Item (being one 
of the relevant number of Reference Items having the highest or equal highest Call Performance of any of the 
Reference Items), the Fixed Performance (being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms) and (ii) 
in relation to each Reference Item which is not a Best Performing Reference Item, the Call Performance for 
such Reference Item. 
Call Performance of any Reference Item is determined as the performance of such Reference Item 
MINUS the Strike (being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms). 
The performance of any Reference Item is determined as the value or the average value of the relevant 
Reference Item in respect of specified final valuation date(s) or where “Look-Back” is specified as Applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, the highest or lowest (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) value of the relevant 
Reference Item in respect of specified final valuation date(s) divided by the value, the average value or, where 
“Look-Back” is specified as Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the lowest or lowest (as specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms) value of the relevant Reference Item in respect of specified initial valuation date(s), 
expressed as a percentage.

--- Page 85 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-77 
 
 
Consequently, if the relevant value of a Reference Item increases compared to the relevant value of 
such Reference Item in respect of the specified initial valuation date(s), Call Performance for such Reference 
Item will be positive. Conversely, if the relevant value of a Reference Item decreases compared to the relevant 
value of such Reference Item in respect of the specified initial valuation date(s), Call Performance for such 
Reference Item will be negative. 
However, as the Call Performance for a specified number of the best performing Reference Items will 
be replaced by a predefined fixed percentage in order to determine the Fixed Best Call Redemption Amount, 
(i) if any of such replaced Call Performances are less than the predefined fixed percentage, the amount of the 
Fixed Best Call Performance will be greater than if such adjustment had not been applied and such replacement 
will operate to increase the Fixed Best Call Redemption Amount or (ii) if any of such replaced Call 
Performances are greater than the predefined fixed percentage, the amount of the Fixed Best Call Performance 
will be less than if such adjustment had not been applied and such replacement will operate to decrease the 
Fixed Best Call Redemption Amount. 
Examples of the calculation of the Fixed Best Call Redemption Amount: 
The following examples illustrate how the Fixed Best Call Redemption Amount is calculated in 
respect of Notes linked to a basket of four equally weighted Reference Items: 
Reference Items: 
Reference Item 1: Share A 
Reference Item 2: Share B 
Reference Item 3: Share C 
Reference Item 4: Share D 
Reference Item Initial Value: 
Reference Item 1: EUR 100 
Reference Item 2: EUR 100 
Reference Item 3: EUR 100 
Reference Item 4: EUR 100 
Reference Item Weighting: 
Reference Item 1: 25% 
Reference Item 2: 25% 
Reference Item 3: 25% 
Reference Item 4: 25% 
Calculation Amount: EUR 1,000 
Strike: 100% 
Redemption Factor: 100% 
Performance Floor: Zero 
Participation Rate (PR): 100% 
FX Principal Conversion: Not Applicable: PFX = 1 
FX Option Conversion: Not Applicable: OFX = 1 
Relevant number of best performing Reference Items 
for which Call Performance will be replaced: 2 
Fixed Performance: 20% 
a) 
A positive Call Performance above the Fixed Performance for one share and below the Fixed 
Performance for another share

--- Page 86 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-78 
 
 
Final 
Value 
of 
Reference Items 
Performance 
Call Performance 
Adjusted Call 
Performance 
Share A: EUR 140 
Share A: 
 
 
 
or 140% (expressed as a 
percentage) 
 
20% 
Share B: EUR 110 
Share B: 
 
 
 
 
or 110% (expressed as a 
percentage) 
 
20% 
Share C: EUR 100 
Share C: 
 
 
 
 
or 100% (expressed as a 
percentage) 
 
0% 
Share D: EUR 90 
Share D: 
 
 
 
 
or 90% (expressed as a 
percentage) 
 
-10% 
To calculate the Adjusted Call Performance: (i) as Share A is one of the two best performing Reference 
Items, Call Performance for Share A is effectively capped at the Fixed Performance of 20% and as Share B is 
the other of the two best performing Reference Items, Call Performance for Share B is increased to the Fixed 
Performance of 20%, and (ii) Call Performance for the other Reference Items is not adjusted, meaning the 
Fixed Best Call Performance is determined as follows: 
 
Fixed Best Call Redemption Amount = 
 
The increase in value of the best performing shares has been capped in respect of Share A and 
increased in respect of Share B meaning that the Fixed Best Call Redemption Amount is EUR 1,075 instead 
of EUR 1,100.

--- Page 87 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-79 
 
 
b) 
A negative Call Performance for all the shares 
 
Final 
Value 
of 
Reference Items 
Performance 
Call Performance 
Adjusted 
Call 
Performance 
Share A: EUR 95 
Share A: 
Share A: 
 
 
 
or 
95% 
(expressed 
as 
a 
percentage) 
 
20% 
Share B: EUR 85 
Share B: 
Share B: 
 
 
 
or 
85% 
(expressed 
as 
a 
percentage) 
 
20% 
Share C: EUR 82 
Share C: 
Share C 
 
 
 
or 
82% 
(expressed 
as 
a 
percentage) 
 
-18% 
Share D: EUR 80 
Share D: 
Share D: 
 
 
 
or 
80% 
(expressed 
as 
a 
percentage) 
 
-20% 
To calculate the Adjusted Call Performance: (i) as Share A is one of the two best performing Reference 
Items, even though Call Performance for both Share A and Share B is negative, Call Performance for both 
such shares is increased to the Fixed Performance of 20%, and (ii) Call Performance for the other Reference 
Items is not adjusted, meaning the Fixed Best Call Performance is determined as follows: 
 
Fixed Best Call Redemption Amount = 
 
Although the value of all the shares has decreased, the replacement of Call Performance in respect of 
the best performing shares means that the Fixed Best Call Redemption Amount is EUR 1,005 instead of EUR 
1,000.

--- Page 88 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-80 
 
 
23. 
REFERENCE 
ITEM-LINKED 
REDEMPTION 
AMOUNT 
= 
RAINBOW 
CALL 
REDEMPTION AMOUNT 
Where the Issue Terms relating to a Tranche of Notes specifies that the Reference Item-Linked 
Redemption Amount is the “Rainbow Call Redemption Amount” based on the economic performance of a 
basket of Reference Items, such Notes give the investor a right to receive a Final Redemption Amount which 
will be determined in accordance with the formula set out below. Such Notes may be Index-Linked Notes 
(linked to a basket of Indices), Equity-Linked Notes (linked to a basket of Underlying Equities), Fund-Linked 
Notes (linked to a basket of Fund Interests), Currency-Linked Notes (linked to a basket of FX Rates) or 
Commodity-Linked Notes (linked to a basket of Commodities). 
The Rainbow Call Redemption Amount in respect of each Calculation Amount (“CA”) will be 
calculated based on the change in value of the relevant Reference Items by reference to the following formula: 
 
where “RPA” or “Relevant Principal Amount” means the CA multiplied by the Redemption Factor 
(being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms) and, where the relevant Issue Terms specifies that 
FX Principal Conversion is applicable, adjusted to reflect changes in the specified exchange rate between the 
relevant initial exchange rate and the relevant final exchange rate on the specified FX valuation date(s). 
The Reference Item Amount will be determined as the Calculation Amount multiplied by an amount 
(which, depending on the specified Performance Floor, may be less than zero) determined by reference to the 
performance of the relevant Reference Items, as a formula: 
 
Where Rainbow Call Performance is multiplied by a participation rate (“PR”) greater than 100%, the 
effect on the Reference Item Amount of changes in the level of the relevant Reference Items will be magnified. 
Where PR is less than 1, the effect of changes in the level of the relevant Reference Items will be reduced. 
In addition, where the relevant Issue Terms specify that FX Option Conversion is applicable, the 
Reference Item Amount will be adjusted to reflect changes in the specified exchange rate between the relevant 
initial exchange rate and the relevant final exchange rate on the specified FX valuation date(s). 
Where Performance Floor is less than zero, if Rainbow Call Performance is negative, the Rainbow 
Call Redemption Amount will be less than the Relevant Principal Amount and investors may receive on 
redemption less than the amount they originally invested. However, where Performance Floor is greater than 
Rainbow Call Performance, this will operate to increase the Worst of Rainbow Call Redemption Amount 
compared to what it would have been had such floor not been applied. 
Rainbow Call Performance is sum of the weighted Call Performances of each of the Reference Items, 
where the weighting assigned to each such Reference Item will depend on its performance. 
Call Performance of any Reference Item is determined as the performance of such Reference Item 
MINUS the Strike (being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms). 
The performance of any Reference Item is determined as the value or the average value of the relevant 
Reference Item in respect of specified final valuation date(s) or where “Look-Back” is specified as Applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, the highest or lowest (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) value of the relevant 
Reference Item in respect of specified final valuation date(s) divided by the value, the average value or, where 
“Look-Back” is specified as Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the lowest or highest (as specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms) value of the relevant Reference Item in respect of specified initial valuation date(s), 
expressed as a percentage.

--- Page 89 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-81 
 
 
Predetermined weightings specified in the relevant Issue Terms are assigned to each Reference Item 
depending on its relative performance. Consequently, the weighting for a particular Reference Item will only 
be assigned once the performance has been calculated. Once the weightings have been assigned, the Rainbow 
Call Performance will be determined as specified above. Investors should note that, where a higher weighting 
is assigned to the better performing Reference Items, this will tend to increase the return on the Notes but, 
where a lower weighting is assigned to the better performing Reference Items, this will tend to decrease the 
return on the Notes. 
If the relevant value of the Reference Items increases compared to the relevant value of the Reference 
Items in respect of the specified initial valuation date(s), Rainbow Call Performance will be positive and the 
Rainbow Call Redemption Amount will be greater than the Relevant Principal Amount. Conversely, if the 
relevant value of the Reference Items decreases compared to the relevant value of the Reference Items in 
respect of the specified initial valuation date(s), Rainbow Call Performance will be negative and (subject to 
the Performance Floor), the Rainbow Call Redemption Amount may be less than the Relevant Principal 
Amount. 
Examples of the calculation of the Rainbow Call Redemption Amount: 
The following examples illustrate how the Rainbow Call Redemption Amount is calculated in respect 
of Notes linked to a basket of four Reference Items: 
Reference Items: 
Reference Item 1: Share A 
Reference Item 2: Share B 
Reference Item 3: Share C 
Reference Item 4: Share D 
Reference Item Initial Value: 
Reference Item 1: EUR 100 
Reference Item 2: EUR 100 
Reference Item 3: EUR 100 
Reference Item 4: EUR 100 
 
Reference Item Weighting: 
Best Performing Weighting: 40% 
Second Best Performing Weighting: 30% 
Third Best Performing Weighting: 20% 
Worst Performing Weighting: 10% 
Calculation Amount: EUR 1,000 
Strike: 100% 
Redemption Factor: 100% 
Performance Floor: Zero 
Participation Rate (PR): 100% 
FX Principal Conversion: Not Applicable: PFX = 1 
FX Option Conversion: Not Applicable: OFX = 1 
a) 
A positive Rainbow Call Performance 
 
Final 
Value 
of 
Reference Items 
Performance 
Call Performance 
Adjusted 
Call 
Performance 
Share A: EUR 70 
Share A:  
Share A:

--- Page 90 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-82 
 
 
 
 
or 
70% 
(expressed 
as 
a 
percentage) 
 
Worst Performing 
Weighting: 10% 
Share B: EUR 110 
Share B: 
Share B: 
Second Best 
Performing 
Weighting: 30% 
 
 
or 
110% 
(expressed 
as 
a 
percentage) 
 
Share C: EUR 140 
Share C: 
Share C: 
Best Performing 
Weighting: 40% 
 
 
or 
140% 
(expressed 
as 
a 
percentage) 
 
Share D: EUR 90 
Share D: 
Share D: 
Third Best 
Performing 
Weighting: 20% 
 
 
 
or 
90% 
(expressed 
as 
a 
percentage) 
As Share C is the best performing of the Reference Items, the Best Performing Weighting is assigned 
to it. As Share B is the second best performing Reference Item, the Second Best Performing Weighting is 
assigned to it. As Share D is the third best performing Reference Item, the Third Best Performing Weighting 
is assigned to it. As Share A is the worst performing Reference Item, the Worst Performing Weighting is 
assigned to it. Therefore, Rainbow Call Performance is determined as follows: 
 
Rainbow Call Redemption Amount = 
 
Although only two of the shares have increased in value, the effect of the assignment of the weightings 
is that the Rainbow Call Performance is positive and the Rainbow Call Redemption Amount is greater than 
the Relevant Principal Amount. 
b) 
A negative Rainbow Call Performance 
 
Final 
Value 
of 
Reference Items 
Performance 
Call Performance 
Adjusted Call 
Performance 
Share A: EUR 40 
Share A:  
Share A:

--- Page 91 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-83 
 
 
 
 
or 
40% 
(expressed 
as 
a 
percentage) 
 
Worst Performing 
Weighting: 10% 
Share B: EUR 110 
Share B: 
Share B: 
Second Best 
Performing 
Weighting: 30% 
 
 
or 
110% 
(expressed 
as 
a 
percentage) 
 
Share C: EUR 150 
Share C: 
Share C: 
Best Performing 
Weighting: 50% 
 
 
or 
150% 
(expressed 
as 
a 
percentage) 
 
Share D: EUR 90 
Share D: 
Share D: 
Third Best 
Performing 
Weighting: 20% 
 
 
or 90% (expressed as a 
percentage) 
 
The weightings are assigned as set out above. Therefore, Rainbow Call Performance is determined as 
follows: 
 
Rainbow Call Redemption Amount = 
 
Although only two of the shares have increased in value, the effect of the assignment of the weightings 
is that the Rainbow Call Performance is positive and the Rainbow Call Redemption Amount is greater than 
the Relevant Principal Amount. 
24. 
REFERENCE 
ITEM-LINKED 
REDEMPTION 
AMOUNT 
= 
QUADRATIC 
CALL 
REDEMPTION AMOUNT 
Where the Issue Terms relating to a Tranche of Notes specifies that the Reference Item-Linked 
Redemption Amount is the “Quadratic Call Redemption Amount”, based on the economic performance of a 
Reference Item or a basket of Reference Items (other than Reference Items which are Reference Entities), such 
Notes give the investor a right to receive a Final Redemption Amount which will be determined in accordance 
with the formula set out below. Such Notes may be Index-Linked Notes (linked to an Index or a basket of 
Indices), Equity-Linked Notes (linked to an Underlying Equity or a basket of Underlying Equities), Fund-
Linked Notes (linked to a Fund Interest or a basket of Fund Interests), Currency-Linked Notes (linked to an

--- Page 92 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-84 
 
 
FX Rate or a basket of FX Rates) or Commodity-Linked Notes (linked to a Commodity or a basket of 
Commodities). 
The Quadratic Call Redemption Amount in respect of each Calculation Amount (“CA”) will be 
calculated based on the change in value of the relevant Reference Item(s) by reference to the following 
formula: 
 
where “RPA” or “Relevant Principal Amount” means the CA multiplied by the Redemption Factor 
(being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms) and, where the relevant Issue Terms specifies that 
FX Principal Conversion is applicable, adjusted to reflect changes in the specified exchange rate between the 
relevant initial exchange rate and the relevant final exchange rate on the specified FX valuation date(s). 
The Reference Item Amount will be determined as the Calculation Amount multiplied by an amount 
(which, depending on the specified Performance Floor, may be less than zero) determined by reference to the 
performance of the relevant Reference Item(s), as a formula: 
 
Where Quadratic Call Performance is multiplied by a participation rate (“PR”) greater than 100%, the 
effect on the Reference Item Amount of changes in the level of the relevant Reference Item(s) will be 
magnified. Where PR is less than 100%, the effect of changes in the level of the relevant Reference Item(s) 
will be reduced. 
In addition, where the relevant Issue Terms specify that FX Option Conversion is applicable, the 
Reference Item Amount will be adjusted to reflect changes in the specified exchange rate between the relevant 
initial exchange rate and the relevant final exchange rate on the specified FX valuation date(s). 
Where Performance Floor is less than zero, if Quadratic Call Performance is negative, the Quadratic 
Call Redemption Amount will be less than the Relevant Principal Amount and investors may receive on 
redemption less than the amount they originally invested. However, where Performance Floor is greater than 
Quadratic Call Performance, this will operate to increase the Quadratic Call Redemption Amount compared 
to what it would have been had such floor not been applied. 
Quadratic Call Performance is determined as the Strike (being the percentage specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms) MINUS either (i) the performance of the Reference Item (where the Notes relate to a single 
Reference Item) or (ii) the sum of the weighted performances of each of the Reference Items or the 
performance of the Reference Item which has a performance which is ranked the specified number highest of 
all of the Reference Items (where the Notes relate to a basket of Reference Items). 
The performance of any Reference Item is determined as the value, the average value or, where “Look-
Back” is specified as Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the highest or lowest (as specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms) value of the relevant Reference Item in respect of specified initial valuation date(s) or where 
“Look-Back” is specified as Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the highest or lowest value (as specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms) divided by the value or the average value of the relevant Reference Item in respect 
of specified final valuation date(s), expressed as a percentage. 
Consequently, if the relevant value of the Reference Item(s) increases compared to the relevant value 
of the Reference Item(s) in respect of the specified initial valuation date(s), Quadratic Call Performance will 
be positive and the Quadratic Call Redemption Amount will be greater than the Relevant Principal Amount 
(although investors should note that the performance of the Reference Item(s) will not affect the amount of the 
Reference Item Amount in a linear manner). Conversely, if the relevant value of the Reference Item(s)

--- Page 93 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-85 
 
 
decreases compared to the relevant value of the Reference Item(s) in respect of the specified initial valuation 
date(s), Quadratic Call Performance will be negative and (subject to the Performance Floor) the Quadratic Call 
Redemption Amount may be less than the Relevant Principal Amount. 
Examples of the calculation of the Quadratic Call Redemption Amount: 
The following examples illustrate how the Quadratic Call Redemption Amount is calculated in respect 
of Notes linked to a basket of two equally weighted Reference Items: 
Reference Items: 
Reference Item 1: Share A 
Reference Item 2: Share B 
 
Reference Item Initial Value: 
Reference Item 1: EUR 100 
Reference Item 2: EUR 100 
 
Reference Item Weighting: 
Reference Item 1: 50% 
Reference Item 2: 50% 
Calculation Amount: EUR 1,000 
Strike: 100% 
Redemption Factor: 100% 
Performance Floor: Zero 
Participation Rate (PR): 100% 
FX Principal Conversion: Not Applicable: PFX = 1 
FX Option Conversion: Not Applicable: OFX = 1 
a) 
A positive Quadratic Call Performance 
 
Final Value of Reference Items 
Performance 
Quadratic Call Performance 
Share A: EUR 125 
Share A: 
 
Or 
80% 
(expressed 
as 
a 
percentage) 
 
Share B: EUR 140 
Share B: 
 
Or 
71% 
(expressed 
as 
a 
percentage) 
 
Quadratic Call Redemption Amount =

--- Page 94 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-86 
 
 
As the value of the shares has increased, investors participate in the increase in value and the Quadratic 
Call Redemption Amount is greater than the Relevant Principal Amount. 
b) 
A negative Quadratic Call Performance 
 
Final Value of Reference Items 
Performance 
Quadratic Call Performance 
Share A: EUR 80 
Share A: 
 
 
 
 
or 
125% 
(expressed 
as 
a 
percentage) 
Share B: EUR 95 
Share B: 
 
 
or 
105% 
(expressed 
as 
a 
percentage) 
Quadratic Call Redemption Amount = 
 
The value of the shares has decreased but as the value of the Reference Item Amount is floored at zero 
(Performance Floor is equal to zero), investors do not participate fully in the decrease in the value of the shares 
and the Quadratic Call Redemption Amount is equal to the Relevant Principal Amount. 
25. 
REFERENCE 
ITEM-LINKED 
REDEMPTION 
AMOUNT 
= 
QUADRATIC 
PUT 
REDEMPTION AMOUNT 
Where the Issue Terms relating to a Tranche of Notes specifies that the Reference Item-Linked 
Redemption Amount is the “Quadratic Put Redemption Amount”, based on the economic performance of a 
Reference Item or a basket of Reference Items (other than Reference Items which are Reference Entities), such 
Notes give the investor a right to receive a Final Redemption Amount which will be determined in accordance 
with the formula set out below. Such Notes may be Index-Linked Notes (linked to an Index or a basket of 
Indices), Equity-Linked Notes (linked to an Underlying Equity or a basket of Underlying Equities), Fund-
Linked Notes (linked to a Fund Interest or a basket of Fund Interests), Currency-Linked Notes (linked to an 
FX Rate or a basket of FX Rates) or Commodity-Linked Notes (linked to a Commodity or a basket of 
Commodities). 
The Quadratic Put Redemption Amount in respect of each Calculation Amount (“CA”) will be 
calculated based on the change in value of the relevant Reference Item(s) by reference to the following 
formula: 
 
where “RPA” or “Relevant Principal Amount” means the CA multiplied by the Redemption Factor 
(being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms) and, where the relevant Issue Terms specifies that 
100% -  (125% × 50%)
+ (105% × 50%)  
= - 15%

--- Page 95 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-87 
 
 
FX Principal Conversion is applicable, adjusted to reflect changes in the specified exchange rate between the 
relevant initial exchange rate and the relevant final exchange rate on the specified FX valuation date(s). 
The Reference Item Amount will be determined as the Calculation Amount multiplied by an amount 
(which, depending on the specified Performance Floor, may be less than zero) determined by reference to the 
performance of the relevant Reference Item(s), as a formula: 
 
Where Quadratic Put Performance is multiplied by a participation rate (“PR”) greater than 100%, the 
effect on the Reference Item Amount of changes in the level of the relevant Reference Item(s) will be 
magnified. Where PR is less than 100%, the effect of changes in the level of the relevant Reference Item(s) 
will be reduced. 
In addition, where the relevant Issue Terms specify that FX Option Conversion is applicable, the 
Reference Item Amount will be adjusted to reflect changes in the specified exchange rate between the relevant 
initial exchange rate and the relevant final exchange rate on the specified FX valuation date(s). 
Where Performance Floor is less than zero, if Quadratic Put Performance is negative, the Quadratic 
Put Redemption Amount will be less than the Relevant Principal Amount and investors may receive on 
redemption less than the amount they originally invested. However, where Performance Floor is greater than 
Quadratic Put Performance, this will operate to increase the Quadratic Put Redemption Amount compared to 
what it would have been had such floor not been applied. 
Quadratic Put Performance is determined as either (i) the performance of the Reference Item (where 
the Notes relate to a single Reference Item) or (ii) the sum of the weighted performances of each of the 
Reference Items or the performance of the Reference Item which has a performance which is ranked the 
specified number highest or lowest (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) of all of the Reference Items 
(where the Notes relate to a basket of Reference Items) MINUS the Strike (being the percentage specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms). 
The performance of any Reference Item is determined as the value, the average value or, where “Look-
Back” is specified as Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the highest or lowest (as specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms) value of the relevant Reference Item in respect of specified initial valuation date(s) divided by 
the value or the average value or where “Look-Back” is specified as Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the highest value or lowest (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) of the relevant Reference Item in respect 
of specified final valuation date(s), expressed as a percentage. 
Consequently, if the relevant value of the Reference Item(s) decreases compared to the relevant value 
of the Reference Item(s) in respect of the specified initial valuation date(s), Quadratic Put Performance will be 
positive and the Quadratic Put Redemption Amount will be greater than the Relevant Principal Amount 
(although investors should note that the performance of the Reference Item(s) will not affect the amount of the 
Reference Item Amount in a linear manner). Conversely, if the relevant value of the Reference Item(s) 
increases compared to the relevant value of the Reference Item(s) in respect of the specified initial valuation 
date(s), Quadratic Put Performance will be negative and (subject to the Performance Floor) the Quadratic Put 
Redemption Amount may be less than the Relevant Principal Amount. 
Examples of the calculation of the Quadratic Put Redemption Amount: 
The following examples illustrate how the Quadratic Put Redemption Amount is calculated in respect 
of Notes linked to a basket of two equally weighted Reference Items: 
Reference Items: 
Reference Item 1: Share A

--- Page 96 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-88 
 
 
Reference Item 2: Share B 
 
Reference Item Initial Value: 
Reference Item 1: EUR 100 
Reference Item 2: EUR 100 
 
Reference Item Weighting: 
Reference Item 1: 50% 
Reference Item 2: 50% 
 
Calculation Amount: EUR 1,000 
Strike: 100% 
Redemption Factor: 100% 
Performance Floor: Zero 
Participation Rate (PR): 100% 
FX Principal Conversion: Not Applicable: PFX = 1 
FX Option Conversion: Not Applicable: OFX = 1 
a) 
A negative Quadratic Put Performance 
 
Final Value of Reference Items 
Performance 
Quadratic Put Performance 
Share A: EUR 125 
Share A:  
 
or 80% (expressed as a percentage) 
 
 
 
Share B: EUR 140 
Share B: 
 
or 71% (expressed as a percentage) 
 
Quadratic Put Redemption Amount = 
 
As the value of the shares has increased, Quadratic Put Performance is negative. However, as the 
Reference Item Amount is floored at zero (Performance Floor is equal to zero), investors are not fully exposed 
to the increase in the value of the shares and the Quadratic Call Redemption Amount is equal to the Relevant 
Principal Amount. 
b) 
A positive Quadratic Put Performance 
 
Final Value of Reference Items 
Performance 
Quadratic Put Performance 
Share A: EUR 80 
Share A:

--- Page 97 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-89 
 
 
 
 
(expressed as a percentage) 
 
Share B: EUR 95 
Share B: 
 
 
(expressed as a percentage) 
Quadratic Put Redemption Amount = 
 
As the value of the shares has decreased, the Quadratic Put Performance is positive and the Reference 
Item Amount is greater than zero. 
26. 
REFERENCE 
ITEM-LINKED 
REDEMPTION 
AMOUNT 
= 
OUTPERFORMANCE 
REDEMPTION AMOUNT 
Where the Issue Terms relating to a Tranche of Notes specifies that the Reference Item-Linked 
Redemption Amount is the “Outperformance Redemption Amount”, based on the economic performance of 
two different Reference Items or baskets of Reference Items (“Outperformance Element 1” and 
“Outperformance Element 2”), such Notes give the investor a right to receive a Final Redemption Amount 
which will be determined in accordance with the formula set out below. Such Notes may be Index-Linked 
Notes (linked to an Index or a basket of Indices), Equity-Linked Notes (linked to an Underlying Equity or a 
basket of Underlying Equities), Fund-Linked Notes (linked to a Fund Interest or a basket of Fund Interests), 
Currency-Linked Notes (linked to an FX Rate or a basket of FX Rates) or Commodity-Linked Notes (linked 
to a Commodity or a basket of Commodities). 
The Outperformance Redemption Amount in respect of each Calculation Amount (“CA”) will be 
calculated based on the change in value of the relevant Reference Item(s) by reference to the following 
formula: 
 
where “RPA” or “Relevant Principal Amount” means the CA multiplied by the Redemption Factor 
(being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms) and, where the relevant Issue Terms specifies that 
FX Principal Conversion is applicable, adjusted to reflect changes in the specified exchange rate between the 
relevant initial exchange rate and the relevant final exchange rate on the specified FX valuation date(s). 
The Reference Item Amount will be determined as the Calculation Amount multiplied by an amount 
(which, depending on the specified Performance Floor, may be less than zero) determined by reference to the 
performance of the relevant Reference Item(s), as a formula: 
 
Where Outperformance is multiplied by a participation rate (“PR”) greater than 100%, the effect on 
the Reference Item Amount of changes in the level of the relevant Reference Item(s) will be magnified. Where 
PR is less than 100%, the effect of changes in the level of the relevant Reference Item(s) will be reduced.

--- Page 98 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-90 
 
 
In addition, where the relevant Issue Terms specify that FX Option Conversion is applicable, the 
Reference Item Amount will be adjusted to reflect changes in the specified exchange rate between the relevant 
initial exchange rate and the relevant final exchange rate on the specified FX valuation date(s). 
Where Performance Floor is less than zero, if Outperformance is negative, the Outperformance 
Redemption Amount will be less than the Relevant Principal Amount and investors may receive on redemption 
less than the amount they originally invested. However, where Performance Floor is greater than 
Outperformance, this will operate to increase the Outperformance Redemption Amount compared to what it 
would have been had such floor not been applied. 
Outperformance is determined as the difference between (a) either (i) the performance of the Reference 
Item (where the relevant element comprises a single Reference Item) or (ii) the sum of the weighted 
performances of each of the Reference Items or the performance of the Reference Item which has a 
performance which is ranked the specified number highest or lowest (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) 
of all of the Reference Items (where the relevant element comprises a basket of Reference Items) comprising 
Outperformance Element 1 AND (b) either (i) the performance of the Reference Item (where the relevant 
element comprises a single Reference Item) or (ii) the sum of the weighted performances of each of the 
Reference Items or the performance of the Reference Item which has a performance which is ranked the 
specified number highest or lowest (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) of all of the Reference Items 
(where the relevant element comprises a basket of Reference Items) comprising Outperformance Element 2. 
The performance of any Reference Item is determined as the value or the average value of the relevant 
Reference Item in respect of specified final valuation date(s) or where “Look-Back” is specified as Applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, the lowest or highest (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) value of the relevant 
Reference Item in respect of specified final valuation date(s) divided by the value, the average value or, where 
“Look-Back” is specified as Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the lowest or highest (as specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms) value of the relevant Reference Item in respect of specified initial valuation date(s), 
expressed as a percentage. 
Consequently, if the relevant value of the Reference Item(s) comprising Outperformance Element 1 
increases compared to the relevant value of such Reference Item(s) in respect of the specified initial valuation 
date(s) more than the value of the Reference Item(s) comprising Outperformance Element 2 increases 
compared to the relevant value of such Reference Item(s) in respect of the specified initial valuation date(s), 
Outperformance will be positive and the Outperformance Redemption Amount will be greater than the 
Relevant Principal Amount. Conversely, if the relevant value of the Reference Item(s) decreases compared to 
the value of the Reference Item(s) in respect of the specified initial valuation date(s), Outperformance will be 
negative and (subject to the Performance Floor) the Outperformance Redemption Amount may be less than 
the Relevant Principal Amount. 
 
 
Outperformance Element 1 
Outperformance Element 2 
Reference Item: 
Share A 
Share B 
Reference Item Initial Value: 
EUR 100 
EUR 100 
Calculation Amount: EUR 1,000 
Strike: 100% 
Redemption Factor: 100% 
Performance Floor: Zero 
Participation Rate (PR): 100% 
FX Principal Conversion: Not Applicable: PFX = 1 
FX Option Conversion: Not Applicable: OFX = 1

--- Page 99 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-91 
 
 
a) 
A positive Outperformance 
 
Final Value of Reference Items 
Performance 
Outperformance 
Share A: EUR 140 
Share A: 
 
 
 
or 
140% 
(expressed 
as 
a 
percentage) 
Share B: EUR 125 
Share B: 
 
 
or 
125% 
(expressed 
as 
a 
percentage) 
Outperformance Redemption Amount = 
 
As the value of the share comprising Outperformance Element 1 has increased more than the value of 
the share comprising Outperformance Element 2, investors participate in the difference in the increase in value 
and the Outperformance Redemption Amount is greater than the Relevant Principal Amount. 
b) 
A negative Outperformance 
 
Final Value of Reference Items 
Performance 
Outperformance 
Share A: EUR 80 
Share A: 
 
 
 
(expressed as a percentage) 
Share B: EUR 125 
Share B: 
 
 
(expressed as a percentage) 
Outperformance Redemption Amount = 
 
The value of the share comprising Outperformance Element 1 has decreased and the value of the share 
comprising Outperformance Element 2 has increased so the performance of the Outperformance Element 1 is 
less than the performance of Outperformance Element 2 and Outperformance is negative. However, as the

--- Page 100 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-92 
 
 
value of the Reference Item Amount is floored at zero (Performance Floor is equal to zero), investors do not 
participate fully in the decrease in the value of the shares and the Outperformance Redemption Amount is 
equal to the Relevant Principal Amount. 
27. 
REFERENCE ITEM-LINKED REDEMPTION AMOUNT = REPLACEMENT CLIQUET 
REDEMPTION AMOUNT 
Where the Issue Terms relating to a Tranche of Notes specifies that the Reference Item-Linked 
Redemption Amount is the “Replacement Cliquet Redemption Amount”, based on the economic performance 
of a Reference Item or a basket of Reference Items, such Notes give the investor a right to receive a Final 
Redemption Amount which will be determined in accordance with the formula set out below. Such Notes may 
be Index-Linked Notes (linked to an Index or a basket of Indices), Equity-Linked Notes (linked to an 
Underlying Equity or a basket of Underlying Equities), Fund-Linked Notes (linked to a Fund Interest or a 
basket of Fund Interests), Currency-Linked Notes (linked to an FX Rate or a basket of FX Rates) or 
Commodity-Linked Notes (linked to a Commodity or a basket of Commodities). 
The Replacement Cliquet Redemption Amount in respect of each Calculation Amount (“CA”) will be 
calculated based on the change in value of the relevant Reference Item(s) by reference to the following 
formula: 
 
Where “RPA” or “Relevant Principal Amount” means the CA multiplied by the Redemption Factor 
(being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms) and, where the relevant Issue Terms specifies that 
FX Principal Conversion is applicable, adjusted to reflect changes in the specified exchange rate between the 
relevant initial exchange rate and the relevant final exchange rate on the specified FX valuation date(s). 
The Reference Item Amount will be determined as the Calculation Amount multiplied by an amount 
(which, depending on the specified Performance Floor, may be less than zero) determined by reference to the 
performance of the relevant Reference Item(s), as a formula: 
 
Where Replacement Cliquet Performance is multiplied by a participation rate (“PR”) greater than 
100%, the effect on the Reference Item Amount of changes in the level of the relevant Reference Item(s) will 
be magnified. Where PR is less than 100%, the effect of changes in the level of the relevant Reference Item(s) 
will be reduced. 
In addition, where the relevant Issue Terms specify that FX Option Conversion is applicable, the 
Reference Item Amount will be adjusted to reflect changes in the specified exchange rate between the relevant 
initial exchange rate and the relevant final exchange rate on the specified FX valuation date(s). 
Where Performance Floor is less than zero, if Replacement Cliquet Performance is negative, the 
Replacement Cliquet Redemption Amount will be less than the Relevant Principal Amount and investors may 
receive on redemption less than the amount they originally invested. However, where Performance Floor is 
greater than Replacement Cliquet Performance, this will operate to increase the Replacement Cliquet 
Redemption Amount compared to what it would have been had such floor not been applied. 
Replacement Cliquet Performance is determined as (i) the higher of (a) the periodic performance floor 
(being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms) and (b) the product of the Adjusted Periodic 
Performances for each of the specified periodic valuation dates, MINUS (ii )the Strike (being the percentage 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms).

--- Page 101 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-93 
 
 
Adjusted Periodic Performance means (i) in relation to each Highest Performance Periodic Valuation 
Date (being a specified periodic valuation date for which the relevant periodic performance is one of the 
relevant number of highest or equal highest relevant periodic performances), the Replacement Periodic 
Performance (being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms) and (ii) in relation to each of the 
specified periodic valuation dates which is not a Highest Performance Periodic Valuation Date, the relevant 
periodic performance for such periodic valuation date. 
Relevant periodic performance is determined as the periodic performance of the Reference Item 
(where the Notes relate to a single Reference Item) or the sum of the weighted periodic performances of each 
of the Reference Items (where the Notes relate to a basket of Reference Items). 
The periodic performance of any Reference Item for a specified periodic valuation date is determined 
as the value of the relevant Reference Item in respect of the relevant specified periodic valuation date divided 
by the value of the relevant Reference Item in respect of the periodic valuation date immediately preceding 
such specified periodic valuation date or, if none, the specified initial valuation date(s), expressed as a 
percentage. 
Consequently but subject as provided below, if the value of a Reference Item increases compared to 
the value of such Reference Item in respect of the immediately preceding specified periodic (or initial) 
valuation date, the periodic performance for such periodic valuation date will operate to increase the 
Replacement Cliquet Performance. Conversely, if the value of a Reference Item decreases compared to the 
value of such Reference Item in respect of the immediately preceding specified periodic (or initial) valuation 
date, the periodic performance for such specified periodic valuation date will operate to decrease the 
Replacement Cliquet Performance. 
However, as a specified number of highest or equal highest relevant periodic performances are 
replaced by a predefined fixed percentage in order to determine the Replacement Cliquet Redemption Amount, 
(i) if any of such replaced relevant periodic performances are less than the predefined fixed percentage, the 
amount of the Replacement Cliquet Performance will be greater than if such adjustment had not been applied 
and will operate to increase the Replacement Cliquet Redemption Amount or (ii) if any of such replaced 
relevant periodic performances are greater than the predefined fixed percentage, the amount of the 
Replacement Cliquet Performance will be less than if such adjustment had not been applied and will operate 
to decrease the Replacement Cliquet Redemption Amount. 
Example of the calculation of the Replacement Cliquet Redemption Amount: 
The following example illustrates how the Replacement Cliquet Redemption Amount is calculated in 
respect of Notes linked to one Reference Item: 
Reference Item: Index A 
Reference Item Initial Value: 100 
Calculation Amount: EUR 1,000 
Strike: 100% 
Redemption Factor: 100% 
Performance Floor: Zero 
Participation Rate (PR): 100% 
FX Principal Conversion: Not Applicable: PFX = 1 
FX Option Conversion: Not Applicable: OFX = 1 
Replacement Periodic Performance: 103% 
Relevant number of periodic valuation dates 
for which relevant periodic performance will be replaced: 2 
PP Floor: Zero

--- Page 102 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-94 
 
 
Periodic valuation dates: Monthly 
 
Periodic valuation 
date 
Value of 
Reference Item 
for periodic 
valuation date 
Periodic 
performance 
Is a replacement 
made? 
Adjusted Periodic 
Performance 
Month 1 
104 
104% 
NO 
104.000% 
Month 2 
105 
100.9615% 
NO 
100.962% 
Month 3 
102 
97.1429% 
NO 
97.143% 
Month 4 
110 
107.8431% 
YES 
103.000% 
Month 5 
107 
97.2727% 
NO 
97.273% 
Month 6 
109 
101.8692% 
NO 
101.869% 
Month 7 
115 
105.5046% 
YES 
103.000% 
Month 8 
111 
96.5217% 
NO 
96.522% 
Month 9 
116 
104.5045% 
NO 
104.505% 
Month 10 
119 
102.5862% 
NO 
102.586% 
Month 11 
117 
98.3193% 
NO 
98.319% 
Month 12 
110 
94.0171% 
NO 
94.017% 
Therefore, the Replacement Cliquet Performance will be determined by reference to the following: 
 
Being: 
 
Replacement Cliquet Redemption Amount = 
 
The increase in value of the Reference Item has been capped in respect of two of the periodic valuation 
dates meaning that the Replacement Cliquet Redemption Amount is lower than it would have been had such 
cap not been applied.

--- Page 103 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-95 
 
 
28. 
REFERENCE 
ITEM-LINKED 
REDEMPTION 
AMOUNT 
= 
LOCK-IN 
CLIQUET 
REDEMPTION AMOUNT 
Where the Issue Terms relating to a Tranche of Notes specifies that the Reference Item-Linked 
Redemption Amount is the “Lock-in Cliquet Redemption Amount”, based on the economic performance of a 
Reference Item or a basket of Reference Items, such Notes give the investor a right to receive a Final 
Redemption Amount which will be determined in accordance with the formula set out below. Such Notes may 
be Index-Linked Notes (linked to an Index or a basket of Indices), Equity-Linked Notes (linked to an 
Underlying Equity or a basket of Underlying Equities), Fund-Linked Notes (linked to a Fund Interest or a 
basket of Fund Interests), Currency-Linked Notes (linked to an FX Rate or a basket of FX Rates) or 
Commodity-Linked Notes (linked to a Commodity or a basket of Commodities). 
The Lock-in Cliquet Redemption Amount in respect of each Calculation Amount (“CA”) will be 
calculated based on the change in value of the relevant Reference Item(s) by reference to the following 
formula: 
 
where “RPA” or “Relevant Principal Amount” means the CA multiplied by the Redemption Factor 
(being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms) and, where the relevant Issue Terms specifies that 
FX Principal Conversion is applicable, adjusted to reflect changes in the specified exchange rate between the 
relevant initial exchange rate and the relevant final exchange rate on the specified FX valuation date(s). 
The Reference Item Amount will be determined as the Calculation Amount multiplied by an amount 
(which, depending on the specified Performance Floor, may be less than zero) determined by reference to the 
performance of the relevant Reference Item(s), as a formula: 
 
Where Lock-in Cliquet Performance is multiplied by a participation rate (“PR”) greater than 100%, 
the effect on the Reference Item Amount of changes in the level of the relevant Reference Item(s) will be 
magnified. Where PR is less than 100%, the effect of changes in the level of the relevant Reference Item(s) 
will be reduced. 
In addition, where the relevant Issue Terms specify that FX Option Conversion is applicable, the 
Reference Item Amount will be adjusted to reflect changes in the specified exchange rate between the relevant 
initial exchange rate and the relevant final exchange rate on the specified FX valuation date(s). 
Where Performance Floor is less than zero, if Lock-in Cliquet Performance is negative, the Lock-in 
Cliquet Redemption Amount will be less than the Calculation Amount and investors may receive on 
redemption less than the amount they originally invested. However, where Performance Floor is greater than 
Lock-in Cliquet Performance, this will operate to increase the Lock-in Cliquet Redemption Amount compared 
to what it would have been had such floor not been applied. 
Lock-in Cliquet Performance is determined as the greater of (i) the product of the relevant periodic 
performances for each of the specified periodic valuation dates (subject as provided below); and (ii) the Lock-
in Floor, MINUS the Strike (being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms). 
Lock-in Floor is determined as the higher of (i) zero and (ii) the highest Lock-in Level (if any) which 
is equal to or next lowest to the highest Relevant Cumulative Performance. The Lock-in Level is each 
percentage (if any) specified in the relevant Issue Terms.

--- Page 104 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-96 
 
 
Relevant periodic performance is determined as the periodic performance of the Reference Item 
(where the Notes relate to a single Reference Item) or the sum of the weighted periodic performances of each 
of the Reference Items (where the Notes relate to a basket of Reference Items). Where a periodic performance 
cap (PP Cap) and/or periodic performance floor (PP Floor) are specified in the relevant Issue Terms, each 
relevant periodic performance will be capped at the performance cap and/or floored at the performance floor. 
The periodic performance of any Reference Item for a specified periodic valuation date is determined 
as the value of the relevant Reference Item in respect of the relevant specified periodic valuation date divided 
by the value of the relevant Reference Item in respect of the periodic valuation date immediately preceding 
such specified periodic valuation date or, if none, the specified initial valuation date(s), expressed as a 
percentage. 
Relevant Cumulative Performance is determined as the cumulative performance of the Reference Item 
(where the Notes relate to a single Reference Item) or the sum of the weighted cumulative performances of 
each of the Reference Items (where the Notes relate to a basket of Reference Items). 
The cumulative performance of any Reference Item for a specified periodic valuation date is 
determined as the value of the relevant Reference Item in respect of the relevant specified periodic valuation 
date divided by the value of the relevant Reference Item in respect of the specified initial valuation date(s), 
expressed as a percentage. 
Consequently and subject as provided below, if the value of a Reference Item increases compared to 
the value of such Reference Item in respect of the immediately preceding specified periodic (or initial) 
valuation date, the periodic performance for such periodic valuation date will operate to increase the Lock-in 
Cliquet Performance. Conversely, if the value of a Reference Item decreases compared to the value of such 
Reference Item in respect of the immediately preceding specified periodic (or initial) valuation date, the 
periodic performance for such specified periodic valuation date will operate to decrease the Lock-in Cliquet 
Performance. 
However, in the event that any periodic performance is capped at the predefined fixed percentage (the 
PP Cap), the amount of the Lock-in Cliquet Performance will be less than if such cap had not been applied and 
will operate to decrease the Lock-in Cliquet Redemption Amount compared to what it would have been had 
such cap not been applied. Equally, in the event that any periodic performance is floored at the predefined 
fixed percentage (the PP Floor), the amount of the Lock-in Cliquet Performance will be greater than if such 
floor had not been applied and will operate to increase the Lock-in Cliquet Redemption Amount compared to 
what it would have been had such floor not been applied. 
In addition, where one or more Lock-in Levels are specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Lock-in 
Cliquet Performance will be floored at the highest cumulative performance which may operate to increase the 
Lock-in Cliquet Redemption Amount compared to what it would have been had such floor not been applied. 
Examples of the calculation of the Lock-in Cliquet Redemption Amount: 
The following examples illustrate how the Lock-in Cliquet Redemption Amount is calculated in 
respect of Notes linked to one Reference Item: 
Reference Item: Index A 
Reference Item Initial Value: 100 
 
Calculation Amount: EUR 1,000 
Strike: 100% 
Redemption Factor: 100% 
Performance Floor: Zero 
Participation Rate (PR): 100%

--- Page 105 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-97 
 
 
FX Principal Conversion: Not Applicable: PFX = 1 
FX Option Conversion: Not Applicable: OFX = 1 
Periodic valuation dates: Monthly 
a) 
A Lock-in Cliquet Redemption Amount determined where a PP Cap and a PP Floor are not 
applied: 
PP Cap: Not Applicable 
PP Floor: Not Applicable 
Lock-in Levels: 103%, 106% and 109% 
 
Periodic 
valuation date 
Value of 
Reference 
Item for 
periodic 
valuation date 
Periodic 
performance 
Cumulative 
Performance 
Is 
performance 
locked? 
Locked 
performance 
Month 1 
104 
104% 
104% 
YES 
103% 
Month 2 
105 
100.9615% 
105% 
NO 
103% 
Month 3 
106 
100.9524% 
106% 
YES 
106% 
Month 4 
105 
99.0566% 
105% 
NO 
106% 
Month 5 
107 
101.9048% 
107% 
NO 
106% 
Month 6 
109 
101.8692% 
109% 
YES 
109% 
Month 7 
115 
105.5046% 
115% 
NO 
109% 
Month 8 
111 
96.5217% 
111% 
NO 
109% 
Month 9 
116 
104.5045% 
116% 
NO 
109% 
Month 10 
119 
102.5862% 
119% 
NO 
109% 
Month 11 
105 
88.2353% 
105% 
NO 
109% 
Month 12 
103 
98.0952% 
103% 
NO 
109% 
Therefore, the Lock-in Floor is 109% and the Lock-in Cliquet Performance will be determined by 
reference to the following: 
 
Being:

--- Page 106 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-98 
 
 
Capped/Floored or Lock-in Cliquet Redemption Amount = 
 
The cumulative increase in performance of the Reference Item has been reflected in the Lock-in Floor 
meaning that the Lock-in Cliquet Redemption Amount is higher than it would have been had such floor not 
been applied. 
b) 
A Lock-in Cliquet Redemption Amount determined where a Lock-in Floor is not applied: 
PP Cap: 103% 
PP Floor: 92% 
Lock-in Floor: Not Applicable 
 
Periodic valuation date Value of Reference 
Item for periodic 
valuation date 
Periodic performance 
Capped/floored 
periodic performance 
Month 1 
104 
104% 
103.000% 
Month 2 
105 
100.9615% 
100.962% 
Month 3 
102 
97.1429% 
97.143% 
Month 4 
110 
107.8431% 
103.000% 
Month 5 
107 
97.2727% 
97.273% 
Month 6 
109 
101.8692% 
101.869% 
Month 7 
115 
105.5046% 
103.000% 
Month 8 
111 
96.5217% 
96.522% 
Month 9 
116 
104.5045% 
103.000% 
Month 10 
119 
102.5862% 
102.586% 
Month 11 
117 
98.3193% 
98.319% 
Month 12 
110 
94.0171% 
103.000% 
Therefore, the Lock-in Cliquet Performance will be determined by reference to the following: 
 
Being:

--- Page 107 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-99 
 
 
Capped/Floored or Lock-in Cliquet Redemption Amount = 
 
The periodic performance of the Reference Item has been capped in respect of four of the periodic 
valuation dates but has not been floored for any of such dates meaning that the Replacement Cliquet 
Redemption Amount is lower than it would have been had such cap not been applied. 
29. 
REFERENCE ITEM-LINKED REDEMPTION AMOUNT = SUPER ASIAN REDEMPTION 
AMOUNT 
Where the Issue Terms relating to a Tranche of Notes specifies that the Reference Item-Linked 
Redemption Amount is the “Super Asian Redemption Amount”, based on the economic performance of a 
Reference Item or a basket of Reference Items, such Notes give the investor a right to receive a Final 
Redemption Amount which will be determined in accordance with the formula set out below. Such Notes may 
be Index-Linked Notes (linked to an Index or a basket of Indices), Equity-Linked Notes (linked to an 
Underlying Equity or a basket of Underlying Equities), Fund-Linked Notes (linked to a Fund Interest or a 
basket of Fund Interests), Currency-Linked Notes (linked to an FX Rate or a basket of FX Rates) or 
Commodity-Linked Notes (linked to a Commodity or a basket of Commodities). 
The Super Asian Redemption Amount in respect of each Calculation Amount (“CA”) will be 
calculated based on the change in value of the relevant Reference Item(s) by reference to the following 
formula: 
 
where “RPA” or “Relevant Principal Amount” means the CA multiplied by the Redemption Factor 
(being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms) and, where the relevant Issue Terms specifies that 
FX Principal Conversion is applicable, adjusted to reflect changes in the specified exchange rate between the 
relevant initial exchange rate and the relevant final exchange rate on the specified FX valuation date(s). 
The Reference Item Amount will be determined as the Calculation Amount multiplied by an amount 
(which, depending on the specified Performance Floor, may be less than zero) determined by reference to the 
performance of the relevant Reference Item(s), as a formula: 
 
Where Super Asian Performance is multiplied by a participation rate (“PR”) greater than 100%, the 
effect on the Reference Item Amount of changes in the level of the relevant Reference Item(s) will be 
magnified. Where PR is less than 100%, the effect of changes in the level of the relevant Reference Item(s) 
will be reduced. 
In addition, where the relevant Issue Terms specify that FX Option Conversion is applicable, the 
Reference Item Amount will be adjusted to reflect changes in the specified exchange rate between the relevant 
initial exchange rate and the relevant final exchange rate on the specified FX valuation date(s). 
Where Performance Floor is less than zero, if Super Asian Performance is negative, the Super Asian 
Redemption Amount will be less than the Relevant Principal Amount and investors may receive on redemption 
less than the amount they originally invested. However, where Performance Floor is greater than Super Asian 
Performance, this will operate to increase the Super Asian Redemption Amount compared to what it would 
have been had such floor not been applied.

--- Page 108 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-100 
 
 
Super Asian Performance is determined as the average of the relevant performances for each of the 
periodic valuation dates MINUS the Strike (being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms). 
Relevant performance is determined as the RI Super Asian Performance of the Reference Item (where 
the Notes relate to a single Reference Item) or the sum of the weighted RI Super Asian Performances of each 
of the Reference Items (where the Notes relate to a basket of Reference Items) for a periodic valuation date. 
RI Super Asian Performance for a periodic valuation date is determined as (i) the greater of (a) the 
value of the relevant Reference Item for such periodic valuation date and (b) the highest value of such 
Reference Item for any periodic valuation date preceding such periodic valuation date (or, if none, zero) 
divided by (ii) the value or average value of the relevant Reference Item in respect of specified initial valuation 
date(s), expressed as a percentage. 
Therefore, the RI Super Asian Performance operates to floor the performance of a Reference Item for 
a periodic valuation date at the highest performance of such Reference Item for any preceding periodic 
valuation date. 
Consequently, RI Super Asian Performance for any periodic valuation date will never be lower than 
the RI Super Asian Performance for any preceding periodic valuation date and, if the value of the Reference 
Item for any periodic valuation date decreases compared to the value of such Reference Item in respect of any 
preceding periodic valuation date, the effect of such floor will be to increase the Super Asian Redemption 
Amount. If, however, the value of the Reference Item increases compared to the value of such Reference Item 
for the preceding periodic valuation dates, the Super Asian Redemption Amount will not be affected. 
Example of the calculation of the Super Asian Redemption Amount: 
The following example illustrates how the Super Asian Redemption Amount is calculated in respect 
of Notes linked to one Reference Item: 
Reference Item: Index A 
Reference Item Initial Value: 100 
 
Calculation Amount: EUR 1,000 
Strike: 100% 
Redemption Factor: 100% 
Performance Floor: Zero 
Participation Rate (PR): 100% 
FX Principal Conversion: Not Applicable: PFX = 1 
FX Option Conversion: Not Applicable: OFX = 1 
Periodic valuation dates: Monthly 
 
Periodic valuation 
date 
Value of Reference 
Item for periodic 
valuation date 
Highest value for 
any preceding 
periodic valuation 
date 
RI Super Asian Performance 
Month 1 
104 
104  
 
or 104% (expressed as a percentage) 
Month 2 
105 
105

--- Page 109 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-101 
 
 
Periodic valuation 
date 
Value of Reference 
Item for periodic 
valuation date 
Highest value for 
any preceding 
periodic valuation 
date 
RI Super Asian Performance 
or 105% (expressed as a percentage) 
Month 3 
102 
105 
 
105% (expressed as a percentage) 
Month 4 
110 
110 
 
110% (expressed as a percentage) 
Month 5 
107 
110 
 
110% (expressed as a percentage) 
Month 6 
109 
110 
 
110% (expressed as a percentage) 
Month 7 
115 
115 
 
or 115% (expressed as a percentage) 
Month 8 
111 
115 
 
or 115% (expressed as a percentage) 
Month 9 
 
116 
116 
 
or 116% (expressed as a percentage) 
Month 10 
119 
119 
 
or 119% (expressed as a percentage) 
Month 11 
117 
119 
 
119% (expressed as a percentage)

--- Page 110 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-102 
 
 
Periodic valuation 
date 
Value of Reference 
Item for periodic 
valuation date 
Highest value for 
any preceding 
periodic valuation 
date 
RI Super Asian Performance 
Month 12 
110 
119 
 
or 119% (expressed as a percentage) 
Therefore, the Super Asian Performance will be determined by reference to the following: 
 
Being: 
 
Super Asian Redemption Amount = 
 
The value of the Reference Item has effectively been increased in respect of six of the periodic 
valuation dates meaning that the Replacement Super Asian Redemption Amount is greater than it would have 
been had such floor not been applied. 
30. 
REFERENCE 
ITEM-LINKED 
REDEMPTION 
AMOUNT 
= 
KNOCK-IN 
CALL 
REDEMPTION AMOUNT 
Where the Issue Terms relating to a Tranche of Notes specifies that the Reference Item-Linked 
Redemption Amount is the “Knock-in Call Redemption Amount” based on the path of the economic 
performance of a Reference Item, such Notes give the investor a right to receive a Final Redemption Amount 
which will be determined in accordance with the formula set out below. Such Notes may be Index-Linked 
Notes (linked to an Index), Equity-Linked Notes (linked to an Underlying Equity), Fund-Linked Notes (linked 
to a Fund Interest) or Commodity-Linked Notes (linked to a Commodity). 
The Knock-in Call Redemption Amount in respect of each Calculation Amount (“CA”) will be 
calculated based on the change in value of the relevant Reference Item by reference to the following formula: 
 
Where “RPA” or “Relevant Principal Amount” means the CA multiplied by the Redemption Factor 
(being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms) and, where the relevant Issue Terms specifies that 
FX Principal Conversion is applicable, adjusted to reflect changes in the specified exchange rate between the 
relevant initial exchange rate and the relevant final exchange rate on the specified FX valuation date(s). 
If a Barrier Event has occurred, the Reference Item Amount will be determined as the Calculation 
Amount multiplied by an amount (which, depending on the specified Performance Floor, may be less than 
zero) determined by reference to the performance of the relevant Reference Item, as a formula:

--- Page 111 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-103 
 
 
If a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Reference Item Amount will be zero and investors will receive 
only the Calculation Amount on redemption. 
A Barrier Event can be an American Barrier Event, a Bermudan Barrier Event or a European Barrier 
Event (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms).  
An American Barrier Event will occur where the maximum level, price, rate or value of the Reference 
Item has, at any time or, in respect of a fund interest, for any relevant day during a specified observation period, 
been equal to or greater than the Barrier Level (being the level, price, rate or value specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms), as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
A Bermudan Barrier Event will occur where the maximum level, price, rate or value of the Reference 
Item has, on any Bermudan Observation Date (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) been equal to or greater 
than the Barrier Level (being the level, price, rate or value specified in the relevant Issue Terms), as determined 
by the Calculation Agent.  
A European Barrier Event will occur where the average level, price, rate or value of the Reference 
Item has, on the specified final averaging or valuation date(s) (in each case, as specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms), been greater than or equal to the Barrier Level (being the level, price, rate or value specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms), as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If Call Performance is multiplied by a participation rate (“PR”) greater than 100%, the effect on the 
Reference Item Amount of changes in the level of the Reference Item will be magnified. Where PR is less than 
100%, the effect of changes in the level of the Reference Item will be reduced. 
In addition, if the relevant Issue Terms specify that FX Option Conversion is applicable, the Reference 
Item Amount will be adjusted to reflect changes in the specified exchange rate between the relevant initial 
exchange rate and the relevant final exchange rate on the specified FX valuation date(s). 
Where Performance Floor is less than zero, if a Barrier Event has occurred and Call Performance is 
negative, the Knock-in Call Redemption Amount will be less than the Relevant Principal Amount and investors 
may receive on redemption less than the amount they originally invested. However, where Performance Floor 
is greater than Call Performance, this will operate to increase the Knock-in Call Redemption Amount compared 
to what it would have been had such floor not been applied. 
 
Call Performance is determined as the performance of the Reference Item MINUS the Strike (being 
the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms). 
The performance of any Reference Item is determined as the value or the average value of the relevant 
Reference Item in respect of specified final valuation date(s) or where “Look-Back” is specified as Applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, the highest or lowest (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) value of the relevant 
Reference Item in respect of specified final valuation date(s) (the “Final Value”) divided by the value, the 
average value or, where “Look-Back” is specified as Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the lowest or 
highest (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) value of the relevant Reference Item in respect of specified 
initial valuation date(s) (the “Initial Value”), expressed as a percentage. 
Consequently, if a Barrier Event occurs and the Final Value of the Reference Item increases compared 
to the Initial Value, Call Performance will be positive and the Knock-in Call Redemption Amount will be 
greater than the Relevant Principal Amount. Conversely, if a Barrier Event occurs and the Final Value of the 
Reference Item decreases compared to the Initial Value, Call Performance will be negative and (subject to the 
Performance Floor) the Knock-in Call Redemption Amount may be less than the Relevant Principal Amount. 
If a Barrier Event does not occur, the Reference Item Amount will be zero and an investor will only receive 
the Relevant Principal Amount at maturity.

--- Page 112 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-104 
 
 
Examples of the calculation of the Knock-in Call Redemption Amount: 
The following examples illustrate how the Knock-in Call Redemption Amount is calculated in respect 
of Notes linked to one Reference Item: 
Reference Item: Share A 
Reference Item Initial Value: EUR 100 
 
Calculation Amount: EUR 1,000 
Strike: 100% 
Redemption Factor: 100% 
Performance Floor: Zero 
Participation Rate (PR): 100% 
FX Principal Conversion: Not Applicable: PFX = 1 
FX Option Conversion: Not Applicable: OFX = 1 
Barrier Level: EUR 150 
a) 
A Barrier Event has occurred and there is a positive Call Performance 
Maximum observation price: EUR 180 
 
Final Value of Reference Item Performance 
Call Performance 
Share A: EUR 125 
Share A:  
 
or 125% (expressed as a 
percentage) 
 
Knock-in Call Redemption Amount = 
 
As the maximum observation price exceeded the Barrier Level of EUR 150 and the value of the shares 
has increased, a Barrier Event occurred and investors participate in the increase in the value of the Reference 
Item. The Knock-in Call Redemption Amount is greater than the Relevant Principal Amount. 
b) 
A Barrier Event has not occurred and there is positive Call Performance 
Maximum observation price: EUR 140 
 
Final Value of Reference Item 
Performance 
Call Performance 
Share A: EUR 125 
Share A:  
 
or 
125% 
(expressed 
as 
a 
percentage) 
 
N/A as no Barrier Event has 
occurred, 
the 
Reference 
Item 
Amount is zero

--- Page 113 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-105 
 
 
Knock-in Call Redemption Amount =  
As the maximum observation price did not exceed the Barrier Level of EUR 150, no Barrier Event 
occurred. Consequently, although the value of the shares has increased, the Reference Item Amount is zero. 
The Knock-in Call Redemption Amount is therefore equal to the Relevant Principal Amount. 
c) 
A Barrier Event has occurred and there is a negative Call Performance 
Maximum observation price: EUR 180 
 
Final Value of Reference Items 
Performance 
Call Performance 
Share A: EUR 80 
Share A:  
 
or 80% (expressed as a percentage) 
 
Knock-in Call Redemption Amount = 
 
As the maximum observation price exceeded the Barrier Level of EUR 150, a Barrier Event occurred. 
However, the value of the shares has decreased and, as the value of the Reference Item Amount is floored at 
zero (Performance Floor is equal to zero), investors do not participate fully in the decrease in value of the 
shares and the Knock-in Call Redemption Amount is equal to the Relevant Principal Amount. 
d) 
A Barrier Event has not occurred and there is a negative Call Performance 
Maximum Observation Price: EUR 140 
 
Final Value of Reference Items 
Performance 
Call Performance 
Share A: EUR 80 
Share A: 
 
or 80% (expressed as a percentage) 
 
Knock-in Call Redemption Amount = 
 
As the maximum observation price did not exceed the Barrier Level of EUR 150, no Barrier Event 
occurred. Consequently, the Reference Item Amount is zero. The Knock-in Call Redemption Amount is 
therefore equal to the Relevant Principal Amount, irrespective of the fact that the value of the shares has 
decreased. 
(EUR 1,000 × 100% × 1) + 0 = EUR 1,000

--- Page 114 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-106 
 
 
31. 
REFERENCE 
ITEM-LINKED 
REDEMPTION 
AMOUNT 
= KNOCK-OUT 
CALL 
REDEMPTION AMOUNT 
Where the Issue Terms relating to a Tranche of Notes specifies that the Reference Item-Linked 
Redemption Amount is the “Knock-out Call Redemption Amount”, based on the path of the economic 
performance of a Reference Item such Notes give the investor a right to receive a Final Redemption Amount 
which will be determined in accordance with the formula set out below. Such Notes may be Index-Linked 
Notes (linked to an Index), Equity-Linked Notes (linked to an Underlying Equity), Fund-Linked Notes (linked 
to a Fund Interest) or Commodity-Linked Notes (linked to a Commodity). 
The Knock-out Call Redemption Amount in respect of each Calculation Amount (“CA”) will be 
calculated based on the change in value of the relevant Reference Item by reference to the following formula: 
 
where “RPA” or “Relevant Principal Amount” means the CA multiplied by the Redemption Factor 
(being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms) and, where the relevant Issue Terms specifies that 
FX Principal Conversion is applicable, adjusted to reflect changes in the specified exchange rate between the 
relevant initial exchange rate and the relevant final exchange rate on the specified FX valuation date(s). 
If a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Reference Item Amount will be determined as the Calculation 
Amount multiplied by an amount (which, depending on the specified Performance Floor, may be less than 
zero) determined by reference to the performance of the relevant Reference Item, as a formula: 
 
If a Barrier Event has occurred, the Reference Item Amount will be zero and investors will receive 
only the Calculation Amount on redemption. 
A Barrier Event can be an American Barrier Event, a Bermudan Barrier Event or a European Barrier 
Event (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms). 
An American Barrier Event will occur where the maximum level, price, rate or value of the Reference 
Item has, at any time or, in respect of a fund interest, for any relevant day during a specified observation period, 
been equal to or greater than the Barrier Level (being the level, price, rate or value specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms), as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
A Bermudan Barrier Event will occur where the maximum level, price, rate or value of the Reference 
Item has, on any Bermudan Observation Date (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) been equal to or greater 
than the Barrier Level (being the level, price, rate or value specified in the relevant Issue Terms), as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
A European Barrier Event will occur where the average level, price, rate or value of the Reference 
Item has, on the specified final averaging or valuation date(s) (in each case, as specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms), been greater than or equal to the Barrier Level (being the level, price, rate or value specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms), as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If Call Performance is multiplied by a participation rate (“PR”) greater than 100%, the effect on the 
Reference Item Amount of changes in the level of the Reference Item will be magnified. Where PR is less than 
100%, the effect of changes in the level of the Reference Item will be reduced.

--- Page 115 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-107 
 
 
In addition, if the relevant Issue Terms specify that FX Option Conversion is applicable, the Reference 
Item Amount will be adjusted to reflect changes in the specified exchange rate between the relevant initial 
exchange rate and the relevant final exchange rate on the specified FX valuation date(s). 
Where Performance Floor is less than zero, if a Barrier Event has not occurred and Call Performance 
is negative, the Knock-out Call Redemption Amount will be less than the Relevant Principal Amount and 
investors may receive on redemption less than the amount they originally invested. However, where 
Performance Floor is greater than Call Performance, this will operate to increase the Knock-out Call 
Redemption Amount compared to what it would have been had such floor not been applied. 
Call Performance is determined as the performance of the Reference Item MINUS the Strike (being 
the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms). 
The performance of any Reference Item is determined as the value or the average value of the relevant 
Reference Item in respect of specified final valuation date(s) or where “Look-Back” is specified as Applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, the highest or lowest (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) value of the relevant 
Reference Item in respect of specified final valuation date(s) (the “Final Value”) divided by the value, the 
average value or, where “Look-Back” is specified as Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the lowest or 
highest (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) value of the relevant Reference Item in respect of specified 
initial valuation date(s) (the “Initial Value”), expressed as a percentage. 
Consequently, if a Barrier Event does not occur and the Final Value of the Reference Item increases 
compared to the Initial Value, Call Performance will be positive and the Knock-out Call Redemption Amount 
will be greater than the Relevant Principal Amount. Conversely, if a Barrier Event does not occur and the Final 
Value of the Reference Item decreases compared to the Initial Value, Call Performance will be negative and 
(subject to the Performance Floor) the Knock-out Call Redemption Amount may be less than the Relevant 
Principal Amount. If a Barrier Event occurs, the Reference Item Amount will be zero and an investor will only 
receive the Relevant Principal Amount at maturity. 
Examples of the calculation of the Knock-out Call Redemption Amount: 
The following examples illustrate how the Knock-out Call Redemption Amount is calculated in 
respect of Notes linked to one Reference Item: 
Reference Item: Share A 
Reference Item Initial Value: EUR 100 
 
Calculation Amount EUR 1,000 
Strike: 100% 
Redemption Factor: 100% 
Performance Floor: Zero 
Participation Rate (PR): 100% 
FX Principal Conversion: Not Applicable: PFX = 1 
FX Option Conversion: Not Applicable: OFX = 1 
Barrier Level: EUR 150 
a) 
A Barrier Event has not occurred and there is a positive Call Performance 
Maximum Observation Price: EUR 140 
 
Final Value of Reference 
Items 
Performance 
Call Performance

--- Page 116 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-108 
 
 
Share A: EUR 125 
Share A:  
 
or 125% (expressed as a 
percentage) 
 
Knock-out Call Redemption Amount = 
 
As the maximum observation price did not exceed the Barrier Level of EUR 150 and the value of the 
share has increased, no Barrier Event occurred and investors participate in the increase in the value of the 
Reference Item. The Knock-out Call Redemption Amount is greater than the Relevant Principal Amount. 
b) 
A Barrier Event has occurred and there is a positive Call Performance 
Maximum Observation Price: EUR 180 
 
Final Value of Reference 
Items 
Performance 
Call Performance 
Share A: EUR 125 
Share A:  
 
or 125% (expressed as a percentage) 
N/A as Barrier Event has 
occurred, the Reference Item 
Amount is zero 
Knock-out Call Redemption Amount = 
 
As the maximum observation price exceeded the Barrier Level of EUR 150, a Barrier Event has 
occurred. Consequently, although the value of the shares has increased, the Reference Item Amount is zero. 
The Knock-in Call Redemption Amount is therefore equal to the Relevant Principal Amount. 
c) 
A Barrier Event has not occurred and there is a negative Call Performance 
Maximum Observation Price: EUR 140 
 
Final Value of Reference Items 
Performance 
Call Performance 
Share A: EUR 80 
Share A:  
 
or 80% (expressed as a percentage)

--- Page 117 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-109 
 
 
Knock-out Call Redemption Amount = 
 
As the maximum observation price did not exceed the Barrier Level of EUR 150, no Barrier Event has 
occurred. However, the value of the shares has decreased and, as the value of the Reference Item Amount is 
floored at zero (Performance Floor is equal to zero), investors do not participate fully in the decrease in value 
of the shares and the Knock-out Call Redemption Amount is equal to the Relevant Principal Amount. 
d) 
A Barrier Event has occurred and there is a negative Call Performance 
Maximum Observation Price: EUR 180 
 
Final Value of Reference Items 
Performance 
Call Performance 
Share A: EUR 80 
Share A:  
 
or 80% (expressed as a percentage) 
N/A as Barrier Event has 
occurred, the Reference Item 
Amount is zero 
Knock-out Call Redemption Amount = 
 
As the Maximum Observation Price exceeded the Barrier Level of EUR 150, a Barrier Event has 
occurred. Consequently, the Reference Item Amount is zero. The Knock-out Call Redemption Amount is 
therefore equal to the Relevant Principal Amount, irrespective of the fact that the value of the shares has 
decreased. 
32. 
REFERENCE ITEM-LINKED REDEMPTION AMOUNT = DIGITAL KNOCK-IN CALL 
REDEMPTION AMOUNT 
Where the Issue Terms relating to a Tranche of Notes specifies that the Reference Item-Linked 
Redemption Amount is the “Digital Knock-in Call Redemption Amount” based on the path of the economic 
performance of a Reference Item, such Notes give the investor a right to receive a Final Redemption Amount 
which will be determined in accordance with the formula set out below. Such Notes may be Index-Linked 
Notes (linked to an Index), Equity-Linked Notes (linked to an Underlying Equity), Fund-Linked Notes (linked 
to a Fund Interest) or Commodity-Linked Notes (linked to a Commodity). 
The Digital Knock-in Call Redemption Amount in respect of each Calculation Amount (“CA”) will 
be calculated based on the change in value of the relevant Reference Item by reference to the following 
formula: 
 
where “RPA” or “Relevant Principal Amount” means the CA multiplied by the Redemption Factor 
(being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms) and, where the relevant Issue Terms specifies that 
FX Principal Conversion is applicable, adjusted to reflect changes in the specified exchange rate between the 
relevant initial exchange rate and the relevant final exchange rate on the specified FX valuation date(s).

--- Page 118 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-110 
 
 
If a Barrier Event has occurred, the Reference Item Amount will be determined as the Calculation 
Amount multiplied by the Fixed Performance (being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms), as 
a formula: 
 
If a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Reference Item Amount will be zero and investors will receive 
only the Calculation Amount on redemption. 
A Barrier Event can be an American Barrier Event, a Bermudan Barrier Event or a European Barrier 
Event (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms). 
An American Barrier Event will occur where the maximum level, price, rate or value of the Reference 
Item has, at any time or, in respect of a fund interest, for any relevant day during a specified observation period, 
been equal to or greater than the Barrier Level (being the level, price, rate or value specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms), as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
A Bermudan Barrier Event will occur where the maximum level, price, rate or value of the Reference 
Item has, on any Bermudan Observation Date (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) been equal to or greater 
than the Barrier Level (being the level, price, rate or value specified in the relevant Issue Terms), as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
A European Barrier Event will occur where the average level, price, rate or value of the Reference 
Item has, on the specified final averaging or valuation date(s) (in each case, as specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms), been greater than or equal to the Barrier Level (being the level, price, rate or value specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms), as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If the relevant Issue Terms specify that FX Option Conversion is applicable, the Reference Item 
Amount will be adjusted to reflect changes in the specified exchange rate between the relevant initial exchange 
rate and the relevant final exchange rate on the specified FX valuation date(s). 
Consequently, if a Barrier Event occurs, as the Reference Item Amount is determined by reference to 
a predefined percentage, the Digital Knock-in Call Redemption Amount will be a fixed amount and will not 
be determined by reference to the final performance of the Reference Item. The Digital Knock-in Call 
Redemption Amount may therefore be lower than it would have been had it been determined by reference to 
the final value of the Reference Item. 
Examples of the calculation of the Digital Knock-in Call Redemption Amount: 
The following examples illustrate how the Digital Knock-in Call Redemption Amount is calculated in 
respect of Notes linked to one Reference Item: 
Reference Item: Share A 
Reference Item Initial Value: EUR 100 
Calculation Amount EUR 1,000 
Redemption Factor: 100% 
FX Principal Conversion: Not Applicable: PFX = 1 
FX Option Conversion: Not Applicable: OFX = 1 
Barrier Level: EUR 150 
Fixed Performance: 35% 
a) 
A Barrier Event has occurred

--- Page 119 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-111 
 
 
Maximum observation price: EUR 180 
 
Final Value of Reference Item 
Fixed Performance 
Share A: EUR 90 
35% 
Digital Knock-in Call Redemption Amount = 
 
As the maximum observation price exceeded the Barrier Level of EUR 150, a Barrier Event has 
occurred. Consequently, although the value of the Reference Item has decreased, the Reference Item Amount 
is determined only by reference to the Fixed Performance and the Digital Knock-in Call Redemption Amount 
is greater than the Relevant Principal Amount. 
b) 
A Barrier Event has not occurred 
Maximum observation price: EUR 140 
 
Final Value of Reference Item 
Fixed Performance 
Share A: EUR 125 
N/A as a Barrier Event has not 
occurred, the Reference Item 
Amount is zero 
Digital Knock-in Call Redemption Amount = 
 
As the maximum observation price did not exceed the Barrier Level of EUR 150, no Barrier Event has 
occurred. Consequently, although the value of the shares has increased, the Reference Item Amount is zero. 
The Digital Knock-in Call Redemption Amount is therefore equal to the Relevant Principal Amount. 
33. 
REFERENCE ITEM-LINKED REDEMPTION AMOUNT = DIGITAL CALL REDEMPTION 
AMOUNT 
Where the Issue Terms relating to a Tranche of Notes specifies that the Reference Item-Linked 
Redemption Amount is the “Digital Call Redemption Amount” based on the economic performance of a 
Reference Item or a basket of Reference Items, such Notes give the investor a right to receive a Final 
Redemption Amount which will be determined in accordance with the formula set out below. Such Notes may 
be Index-Linked Notes (linked to an Index or a basket of Indices), Equity-Linked Notes (linked to an 
Underlying Equity or a basket of Underlying Equities), Fund-Linked Notes (linked to a Fund Interest or a 
basket of Fund Interests), Currency-Linked Notes (linked to an FX Rate or a basket of FX Rates) or 
Commodity-Linked Notes (linked to a Commodity or a basket of Commodities). 
The Digital Call Redemption Amount in respect of each Calculation Amount (“CA”) will be calculated 
based on the change in value of the relevant Reference Item(s) by reference to the following formula:

--- Page 120 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-112 
 
 
Where “RPA” or “Relevant Principal Amount” means the CA multiplied by the Redemption Factor 
(being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms) and, where the relevant Issue Terms specifies that 
FX Principal Conversion is applicable, adjusted to reflect changes in the specified exchange rate between the 
relevant initial exchange rate and the relevant final exchange rate on the specified FX valuation date(s). 
If a Barrier Event has occurred, the Reference Item Amount will be determined as the Calculation 
Amount multiplied by the Highest Fixed Performance, as a formula: 
 
If a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Reference Item Amount will be zero and investors will receive 
only the Calculation Amount on redemption. 
A Barrier Event can be an American Barrier Event, a Bermudan Barrier Event or a European Barrier 
Event (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms). 
An American Barrier Event will occur where the Call Performance is equal to or greater than any 
Barrier (being the or each percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms), as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
A Bermudan Barrier Event will occur where the Call Performance is equal to or greater than any 
Barrier (being the or each percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms) on any Bermudan Observation 
Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
A European Barrier Event will occur where the Call Performance is greater than or equal to any Barrier 
(being the or each percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms) on the specified valuation date(s) (as 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms), as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
The Highest Fixed Performance will be the Fixed Performance (being the percentage specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms) in respect of the Barrier or, if more than one Barrier is specified, the Fixed Performance 
in respect of the Barrier next lowest to the Call Performance. 
If the relevant Issue Terms specify that FX Option Conversion is applicable, the Reference Item 
Amount will be adjusted to reflect changes in the specified exchange rate between the relevant initial exchange 
rate and the relevant final exchange rate on the specified FX valuation date(s). 
Call Performance is determined as either (i) the performance of the Reference Item (where the Notes 
relate to a single Reference Item) or (ii) the sum of the weighted performances of each of the Reference Items 
or the performance of the Reference Item which has a performance which is ranked the specified number 
highest or lowest (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) of all of the Reference Items (where the Notes 
relate to a basket of Reference Items) MINUS the Strike (being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms). 
The performance of any Reference Item is determined as the value or the average value of the relevant 
Reference Item in respect of specified final valuation date(s) or where “Look-Back” is specified as Applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, the highest or lowest (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) value of the relevant 
Reference Item in respect of specified final valuation date(s) divided by the value, the average value or, where 
“Look-Back” is specified as Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the lowest or lowest (as specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms) value of the relevant Reference Item in respect of specified initial valuation date(s), 
expressed as a percentage. 
Consequently, if a Barrier Event occurs, as the Reference Item Amount is determined by reference to 
a predefined percentage, the Digital Call Redemption Amount will be a fixed amount and will not be 
determined directly by reference to the performance of the Reference Item(s). The Digital Call Redemption

--- Page 121 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-113 
 
 
Amount may therefore be lower than it would have been had it been determined by reference to the 
performance of the Reference Item(s). 
Examples of the calculation of the Digital Call Redemption Amount: 
The following examples illustrate how the Digital Call Redemption Amount is calculated in respect 
of Notes linked to a basket of two Reference Items: 
Reference Items: 
Reference Item 1: Share A 
Reference Item 2: Share B 
 
Reference Item Weighting: 
Reference Item 1: 50% 
Reference Item 2: 50% 
 
Reference Item Initial Value: 
Reference Item 1: EUR 100 
Reference Item 2: EUR 100 
 
Calculation Amount EUR 1,000 
Strike: 100% 
Redemption Factor: 100% 
FX Principal Conversion: Not Applicable: PFX = 1 
FX Option Conversion: Not Applicable: OFX = 1 
a) 
A Barrier Event has occurred and there is only one Barrier 
Barrier: 50% 
Fixed Performance and, as there is only one Barrier, 
Highest Fixed Performance: 35% 
 
Final Value of Reference Items Performance 
Call Performance 
Share A: EUR 150 
Share A:  
 
or 150% (expressed as a percentage) 
 
Share B: EUR 180 
Share B: 
 
or 180% (expressed as a percentage)

--- Page 122 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-114 
 
 
Digital Call Redemption Amount = 
 
As Call Performance is greater than the Barrier of 50%, a Barrier Event has occurred. Consequently, 
although the value of the Reference Items has increased, the Reference Item Amount is determined only by 
reference to the Highest Fixed Performance and the Digital Call Redemption Amount is greater than the 
Relevant Principal Amount. 
b) 
A Barrier Event has occurred and there is more than one Barrier 
Barrier and Fixed Performance: 
 
Barrier 
Related Fixed Performance 
50% 
35% 
60% 
45%  
 
Final Value of Reference 
Items 
Performance 
Call Performance 
Share A: EUR 165 
Share A:  
 
or 
165% 
(expressed 
as 
a 
percentage) 
 
Share B: EUR 140 
Share B:  
 
or 
180% 
(expressed 
as 
a 
percentage) 
Digital Call Redemption Amount = 
 
As Call Performance is greater than any Barrier (i.e. the second Barrier of 60%), a Barrier Event has 
occurred. Consequently, although the value of the Reference Items has increased, the Reference Item Amount 
is determined only by reference to the Highest Fixed Performance (being the Fixed Performance relating to 
the second Barrier, i.e. 45%) and the Digital Call Redemption Amount is greater than the Relevant Principal 
Amount. 
c) 
A Barrier Event has not occurred and there is only one Barrier

--- Page 123 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-115 
 
 
Final Value of Reference Items 
Performance 
Call Performance 
Share A: EUR 120 
Share A:  
 
or 
120% 
(expressed 
as 
a 
percentage) 
 
Share B: EUR 110 
Share B: 
 
or 
110% 
(expressed 
as 
a 
percentage) 
Digital Call Redemption Amount = 
 
As Call Performance is less than the Barrier of 50%, a Barrier Event has not occurred. Consequently, 
although the value of the Reference Item(s) has increased, the Reference Item Amount is zero. The Digital 
Worst of Call Redemption Amount is therefore equal to the Relevant Principal Amount. 
34. 
REFERENCE 
ITEM-LINKED 
REDEMPTION 
AMOUNT 
= 
KNOCK-IN 
PUT 
REDEMPTION AMOUNT 
Where the Issue Terms relating to a Tranche of Notes specifies that the Reference Item-Linked 
Redemption Amount is the “Knock-in Put Redemption Amount” based on the path of the economic 
performance of a Reference Item or a basket of Reference Items, such Notes give the investor a right to receive 
a Final Redemption Amount which will be determined in accordance with the formula set out below. Such 
Notes may be Index-Linked Notes (linked to an Index or a basket of Indices), Equity-Linked Notes (linked to 
an Underlying Equity or a basket of Underlying Equities), Fund-Linked Notes (linked to a Fund Interest or a 
basket of Fund Interests), Currency-Linked Notes (linked to an FX Rate or a basket of FX Rates) or 
Commodity-Linked Notes (linked to a Commodity or a basket of Commodities). 
The Knock-in Put Redemption Amount in respect of each Calculation Amount (“CA”) will be 
calculated based on the change in value of the relevant Reference Item(s) by reference to the following 
formula: 
 
Where “RPA” or “Relevant Principal Amount” means the CA multiplied by the Redemption Factor 
(being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms) and, where the relevant Issue Terms specifies that 
FX Principal Conversion is applicable, adjusted to reflect changes in the specified exchange rate between the 
relevant initial exchange rate and the relevant final exchange rate on the specified FX valuation date(s).

--- Page 124 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-116 
 
 
If a Barrier Event has occurred, the Reference Item Amount will be determined as the Calculation 
Amount multiplied by an amount (which, depending on the specified Performance Floor, may be less than 
zero) determined by reference to the performance of the relevant Reference Item(s), as a formula: 
 
If a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Reference Item Amount will be zero and investors will receive 
only the Calculation Amount on redemption. 
A Barrier Event can be an American Barrier Event, a Bermudan Barrier Event or a European Barrier 
Event (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms). 
An American Barrier Event will occur where the Put Performance is equal to or less than the Barrier 
(being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms), as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
A Bermudan Barrier Event will occur where the Put Performance is equal to or less than the Barrier 
(being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms), on any Bermudan Observation Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
A European Barrier Event will occur where the Put Performance is greater than or equal to the Barrier 
(being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms) on the specified valuation date(s) (as specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms), as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If Payout Performance is multiplied by a participation rate (“PR”) greater than 100%, the effect on the 
Reference Item Amount of changes in the level of the relevant Reference Item(s) will be magnified. Where 
PR is less than 100%, the effect of changes in the level of the relevant Reference Item(s) will be reduced. 
In addition, where the relevant Issue Terms specify that FX Option Conversion is applicable, the 
Reference Item Amount will be adjusted to reflect changes in the specified exchange rate between the relevant 
initial exchange rate and the relevant final exchange rate on the specified FX valuation date(s). 
Where Performance Floor is less than zero, if a Barrier Event has occurred and Payout Performance 
is negative, the Knock-in Put Redemption Amount will be less than the Relevant Principal Amount and 
investors may receive on redemption less than the amount they originally invested. However, where 
Performance Floor is greater than Payout Performance, this will operate to increase the Knock-in Put 
Redemption Amount compared to what it would have been had such floor not been applied. 
Put Performance is determined as the Strike (being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms) MINUS either (i) the performance of the Reference Item (where the Notes relate to a single Reference 
Item) or (ii) the sum of the weighted performances of each of the Reference Items or the performance of the 
Reference Item which has a performance which is ranked the specified number highest or lowest (as specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms) of all of the Reference Items (where the Notes relate to a basket of Reference 
Items). 
Payout Performance is determined as the Strike (being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms) MINUS either (i) the performance of the Reference Item (where the Notes relate to a single Reference 
Item) or (ii) the sum of the weighted performances of each of the Reference Items or the performance of the 
Reference Item which has a performance which is ranked the specified number highest or lowest (as specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms) of all of the Reference Items (where the Notes relate to a basket of Reference 
Items). 
The performance of any Reference Item is determined as the value or the average value of the relevant 
Reference Item in respect of specified final valuation date(s) or where “Look-Back” is specified as Applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, the lowest or highest (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) value of the relevant

--- Page 125 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-117 
 
 
Reference Item in respect of specified final valuation date(s) divided by the value, the average value or, where 
“Look-Back” is specified as Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the highest or lowest (as specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms) value of the relevant Reference Item in respect of specified initial valuation date(s), 
expressed as a percentage. 
Consequently, if a Barrier Event occurs and the relevant final value of the Reference Item(s) decreases, 
Payout Performance will be positive and the Knock-in Put Redemption Amount will be greater than the 
Relevant Principal Amount. However, if a Barrier Event occurs and the final value of the Reference Item(s) 
increases, Payout Performance will be negative and (subject to the Performance Floor) the Knock-in Put 
Redemption Amount may be less than the Relevant Principal Amount. 
Conversely, if a Barrier Event does not occur, the Reference Item Amount will be zero and an investor 
will only receive the Calculation Amount at maturity. 
Examples of the calculation of the Knock-in Put Redemption Amount: 
The following examples illustrate how the Knock-in Put Redemption Amount is calculated in respect 
of Notes linked to one Reference Item: 
Reference Item: Share A 
Reference Item Initial Value: EUR 100 
 
Calculation Amount EUR 1,000 
Strike: 100% 
Redemption Factor: 100% 
Performance Floor: Zero 
Participation Rate (PR): 100% 
FX Principal Conversion: Not Applicable: PFX = 1 
FX Option Conversion: Not Applicable: OFX = 1 
Barrier: 20% 
a) 
A Barrier Event has occurred and there is a negative Payout Performance 
 
Final Value of Reference Items 
Performance 
Payout Performance 
Share A: EUR 110 
Share A:  
 
or 
110% 
(expressed 
as 
a 
percentage) 
 
Knock-in Put Redemption Amount = 
 
As Payout Performance is less than the Barrier of 20% and the value of the shares has increased, a 
Barrier Event occurred but as the value of the Reference Item Amount is floored at zero (Performance Floor 
is equal to zero), investors do not participate fully in the increase in the value of the shares and the Knock-in 
Put Redemption Amount is equal to the Relevant Principal Amount. 
b) 
A Barrier Event has occurred and there is a positive Payout Performance

--- Page 126 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-118 
 
 
 
Final Value of Reference Items 
Performance 
Payout Performance 
Share A: EUR 90 
Share A:  
 
or 
90% 
(expressed 
as 
a 
percentage) 
 
Knock-in Put Redemption Amount = 
 
As Put Performance is less than the Barrier of 20% and the value of the shares has decreased, a Barrier 
Event occurred and investors participate in the decrease in value of the Reference Item. The Knock-in Put 
Redemption Amount is greater than the Relevant Principal Amount. 
c) 
A Barrier Event has not occurred and there is a positive Payout Performance 
 
Final Value of Reference Items 
Performance 
Payout Performance 
Share A: EUR 75 
Share A:  
 
or 
75% 
(expressed 
as 
a 
percentage) 
 
Knock-in Put Redemption Amount = 
 
As Put Performance is greater than the Barrier of 20%, a Barrier Event has not occurred. Consequently, 
although the value of the Reference Item has decreased, the Reference Item Amount is zero. The Knock-in Put 
Redemption Amount is therefore equal to the Relevant Principal Amount. 
35. 
REFERENCE 
ITEM-LINKED 
REDEMPTION 
AMOUNT 
= 
KNOCK-OUT 
PUT 
REDEMPTION AMOUNT 
Where the Issue Terms relating to a Tranche of Notes specifies that the Reference Item-Linked 
Redemption Amount is the “Knock-out Put Redemption Amount”, based on the path of the economic 
performance of a Reference Item or a basket of Reference Items, such Notes give the investor a right to receive 
a Final Redemption Amount which will be determined in accordance with the formula set out below. Such 
Notes may be Index-Linked Notes (linked to an Index or a basket of Indices), Equity-Linked Notes (linked to 
an Underlying Equity or a basket of Underlying Equities), Fund-Linked Notes (linked to a Fund Interest or a

--- Page 127 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-119 
 
 
basket of Fund Interests), Currency-Linked Notes (linked to an FX Rate or a basket of FX Rates) or 
Commodity-Linked Notes (linked to a Commodity or a basket of Commodities). 
The Knock-out Put Redemption Amount in respect of each Calculation Amount (“CA”) will be 
calculated based on the change in value of the relevant Reference Item(s) by reference to the following 
formula: 
 
where “RPA” or “Relevant Principal Amount” means the CA multiplied by the Redemption Factor 
(being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms) and, where the relevant Issue Terms specifies that 
FX Principal Conversion is applicable, adjusted to reflect changes in the specified exchange rate between the 
relevant initial exchange rate and the relevant final exchange rate on the specified FX valuation date(s). 
If a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Reference Item Amount will be determined as the Calculation 
Amount multiplied by an amount (which, depending on the specified Performance Floor, may be less than 
zero) determined by reference to the performance of the relevant Reference Item(s), as a formula: 
 
If a Barrier Event has occurred, the Reference Item Amount will be zero and investors will receive 
only the Calculation Amount on redemption. 
A Barrier Event can be an American Barrier Event, a Bermudan Barrier Event or a European Barrier 
Event (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms). 
An American Barrier Event will occur where the Put Performance is equal to or less than the Barrier 
(being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms), as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
A Bermudan Barrier Event will occur where the Put Performance is equal to or less than the Barrier 
(being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms), on any Bermudan Observation Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
A European Barrier Event will occur where the Put Performance is greater than or equal to the Barrier 
(being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms) on the specified valuation date(s) (as specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms), as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
When Payout Performance is multiplied by a participation rate (“PR”) greater than 100%, the effect 
on the Reference Item Amount of changes in the level of the relevant Reference Item(s) will be magnified. 
Where PR is less than 100%, the effect of changes in the level of the relevant Reference Item(s) will be reduced. 
In addition, where the relevant Issue Terms specifies that FX Option Conversion is applicable, the 
Reference Item Amount will be adjusted to reflect changes in the specified exchange rate between the relevant 
initial exchange rate and the relevant final exchange rate on the specified FX valuation date(s). 
Where Performance Floor is less than zero and a Barrier Event has not occurred, if Payout Performance 
is negative, the Knock-out Put Redemption Amount will be less than the Relevant Principal Amount and 
investors may receive on redemption less than the amount they originally invested. However, where 
Performance Floor is greater than Payout Performance, this will operate to increase the Knock-out Put 
Redemption Amount compared to what it would have been had such floor not been applied. 
Put Performance is determined as the Strike (being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms) MINUS either (i) the performance of the Reference Item (where the Notes relate to a single Reference 
Item) or (ii) the sum of the weighted performances of each of the Reference Items or the performance of the 
Reference Item which has a performance which is ranked the specified number highest or lowest (as specified

--- Page 128 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-120 
 
 
in the relevant Issue Terms) of all of the Reference Items (where the Notes relate to a basket of Reference 
Items). 
Payout Performance is determined as the Strike (being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms) MINUS either (i) the performance of the Reference Item (where the Notes relate to a single Reference 
Item) or (ii) the sum of the weighted performances of each of the Reference Items or the performance of the 
Reference Item which has a performance which is ranked the specified number highest or lowest (as specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms) of all of the Reference Items (where the Notes relate to a basket of Reference 
Items). 
The performance of any Reference Item is determined as the value or the average value of the relevant 
Reference Item in respect of specified final valuation date(s) or where “Look-Back” is specified as Applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, the lowest or highest (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) value of the relevant 
Reference Item in respect of specified final valuation date(s) divided by the value, the average value or, where 
“Look-Back” is specified as Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the highest or lowest (as specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms) value of the relevant Reference Item in respect of specified initial valuation date(s), 
expressed as a percentage. 
Consequently, if a Barrier Event occurs and the relevant final value of the Reference Item(s) either 
decreases or increases, Payout Performance may be positive or negative but the Reference Item Amount will 
be zero and the Knock-in Put Redemption Amount will equal the Relevant Principal Amount. 
Conversely, if a Barrier Event does not occur, Payout Performance will be positive and the Knock-in 
Put Redemption Amount will be greater than the Relevant Principal Amount. 
Examples of the calculation of the Knock-out Put Redemption Amount: 
The following examples illustrate how the Knock-out Put Redemption Amount is calculated in respect 
of Notes linked to one Reference Item: 
Reference Item: Share A 
Reference Item Initial Value: EUR 100 
 
Calculation Amount EUR 1,000 
Strike: 100% 
Redemption Factor: 100% 
Performance Floor: Zero 
Participation Rate (PR): 100% 
FX Principal Conversion: Not Applicable: PFX = 1 
FX Option Conversion: Not Applicable: OFX = 1 
Barrier: 20% 
a) 
A Barrier Event has occurred and there is a negative Payout Performance 
 
Final Value of Reference Item 
Performance 
Payout Performance 
Share A: EUR 110 
Share A:  
 
or 
110% 
(expressed 
as 
a 
percentage)

--- Page 129 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-121 
 
 
Knock-out Put Redemption Amount = 
 
As Payout Performance is less than the Barrier of 20% and the value of the shares has increased, a 
Barrier Event has occurred. Consequently, the Reference Item Amount is zero. The Knock-out Put Redemption 
Amount is therefore equal to the Relevant Principal Amount. 
b) 
A Barrier Event has occurred and there is a positive Payout Performance 
 
Final Value of Reference Item 
Performance 
Payout Performance 
Share A: EUR 90 
Share A:  
 
or 
90% 
(expressed 
as 
a 
percentage) 
 
Knock-out Put Redemption Amount = 
 
As Put Performance is less than the Barrier of 20% and the value of the shares has decreased, a Barrier 
Event has occurred. Consequently, although the value of the Reference Item has decreased, the Reference Item 
Amount is zero. The Knock-out Put Redemption Amount is therefore equal to the Relevant Principal Amount. 
c) 
A Barrier Event has not occurred and there is a positive Payout Performance 
 
Final Value of Reference Item 
Performance 
Payout Performance 
Share A: EUR 75 
Share A:  
 
or 
75% 
(expressed 
as 
a 
percentage). 
 
Knock-out Put Redemption Amount = 
 
As Payout Performance is greater than the Barrier of 20% and the value of the shares has decreased, a 
Barrier Event occurred and investors participate in the decrease in value of the Reference Item. The Knock-in 
Put Redemption Amount is greater than the Relevant Principal Amount. 
EUR75
EUR100 = 0.75

--- Page 130 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-122 
 
 
36. 
REFERENCE ITEM-LINKED REDEMPTION AMOUNT = DIGITAL PUT REDEMPTION 
AMOUNT 
Where the Issue Terms relating to a Tranche of Notes specifies that the Reference Item-Linked 
Redemption Amount is the “Digital Put Redemption Amount” based on the path of the economic performance 
of a Reference Item or a basket of Reference Items, such Notes give the investor a right to receive a Final 
Redemption Amount which will be determined in accordance with the formula set out below. Such Notes may 
be Index-Linked Notes (linked to an Index or a basket of Indices), Equity-Linked Notes (linked to an 
Underlying Equity or a basket of Underlying Equities), Fund-Linked Notes (linked to a Fund Interest or a 
basket of Fund Interests), Currency-Linked Notes (linked to an FX Rate or a basket of FX Rates) or 
Commodity-Linked Notes (linked to a Commodity or a basket of Commodities). 
The Digital Put Redemption Amount in respect of each Calculation Amount (“CA”) will be calculated 
based on the change in value of the relevant Reference Item(s) by reference to the following formula: 
 
where “RPA” or “Relevant Principal Amount” means the CA multiplied by the Redemption Factor 
(being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms) and, where the relevant Issue Terms specifies that 
FX Principal Conversion is applicable, adjusted to reflect changes in the specified exchange rate between the 
relevant initial exchange rate and the relevant final exchange rate on the specified FX valuation date(s). 
If a Barrier Event has occurred, the Reference Item Amount will be determined as the Calculation 
Amount multiplied by the Highest Fixed Performance, as a formula: 
 
If a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Reference Item Amount will be zero and investors will receive 
only the Calculation Amount on redemption. 
A Barrier Event can be an American Barrier Event, a Bermudan Barrier Event or a European Barrier 
Event (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms). 
An American Barrier Event will occur where the Put Performance is equal to or greater than any 
Barrier (being the or each percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms), as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
A Bermudan Barrier Event will occur where the Put Performance is equal to or greater than any Barrier 
(being the or each percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms) on any Bermudan Observation Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
A European Barrier Event will occur where the Put Performance is greater than or equal to the Barrier 
(being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms) on the specified valuation date(s) (as specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms), as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
The Highest Fixed Performance will be the Fixed Performance (being the percentage specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms) in respect of the Barrier or, if more than one Barrier is specified, the Fixed Performance 
in respect of the Barrier next lowest to the Payout Performance. 
If the relevant Issue Terms specify that FX Option Conversion is applicable, the Reference Item 
Amount will be adjusted to reflect changes in the specified exchange rate between the relevant initial exchange 
rate and the relevant final exchange rate on the specified FX valuation date(s).

--- Page 131 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-123 
 
 
Put Performance is determined as the Strike (being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms) MINUS either (i) the performance of the Reference Item (where the Notes relate to a single Reference 
Item) or (ii) the sum of the weighted performances of each of the Reference Items or the performance of the 
Reference Item which has a performance which is ranked the specified number highest or lowest (as specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms) of all of the Reference Items (where the Notes relate to a basket of Reference 
Items). 
Payout Performance is determined as the Strike (being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms) MINUS either (i) the performance of the Reference Item (where the Notes relate to a single Reference 
Item) or (ii) the sum of the weighted performances of each of the Reference Items or the performance of the 
Reference Item which has a performance which is ranked the specified number highest or lowest (as specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms) of all of the Reference Items (where the Notes relate to a basket of Reference 
Items). 
The performance of any Reference Item is determined as the value or the average value of the relevant 
Reference Item in respect of specified final valuation date(s) or where “Look-Back” is specified as Applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, the lowest or highest (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) value of the relevant 
Reference Item in respect of specified final valuation date(s) divided by the value, the average value or, where 
“Look-Back” is specified as Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the highest or lowest (as specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms) value of the relevant Reference Item in respect of specified initial valuation date(s), 
expressed as a percentage. 
Consequently, if a Barrier Event occurs, although the relevant final value of the Reference Item(s) 
decreases, as the Reference Item Amount is determined by reference to a predefined percentage, the Digital 
Put Redemption Amount will be a fixed amount and will not be determined by reference to the performance 
of the Reference Item(s). Depending on the relevant value of the Highest Fixed Performance, the Digital Put 
Redemption Amount may be greater than or lower than it would have been had it been determined by reference 
to the performance of the Reference Item(s). 
Conversely, if a Barrier Event does not occur, although the value of the Reference Item(s) may increase 
or decrease, the Reference Item Amount will be zero and an investor will only receive the Relevant Principal 
Amount at maturity. 
Examples of the calculation of the Digital Put Redemption Amount: 
The following example illustrates how the Digital Put Redemption Amount is calculated in respect of 
Notes linked to one Reference Item: 
Reference Item: Share A 
Reference Item Initial Value: EUR 100 
 
Calculation Amount EUR 1,000 
Strike: 100% 
Redemption Factor: 100% 
FX Principal Conversion: Not Applicable: PFX = 1 
FX Option Conversion: Not Applicable: OFX = 1 
a) 
A Barrier Event has occurred and there is only one Barrier 
Barrier: 0% 
Fixed Performance and, as there is only one Barrier 
Highest Fixed Performance: 30%

--- Page 132 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-124 
 
 
Final Value of Reference Item 
Performance 
Put Performance 
Share A: EUR 80 
Share A:  
 
or 
80% 
(expressed 
as 
a 
percentage) 
 
Digital Put Redemption Amount = 
 
As the final performance of the Reference Item exceeded the Barrier Level of 0%, a Barrier Event has 
occurred. Consequently, although the value of the Reference Item has increased by only 20%, the Reference 
Item Amount is determined by reference to the Highest Fixed Performance which is 30% and it is therefore 
greater than it would have been had it been determined by reference to the performance of the Reference Item. 
b) 
A Barrier Event has occurred and there is more than one Barrier 
Barrier and Fixed Performance: 
 
Barrier 
Related Fixed Performance 
0% 
30% 
10% 
40% 
 
Final Value of Reference Item 
Performance 
Put Performance 
Share A: EUR 60 
Share A:  
 
or 
60% 
(expressed 
as 
a 
percentage) 
 
Digital Put Redemption Amount = 
 
As the Put Performance of the Reference Item is greater than or equal to any Barrier (i.e. it is equal to 
the second Barrier of 40%), a Barrier Event has occurred. Consequently, the Reference Item Amount is 
determined by reference to the Highest Fixed Performance (being the Fixed Performance relating to the second 
Barrier, i.e. 40% which, for the purposes of this example, is the same as the Put Performance of the Reference 
Item) and the Digital Put Redemption Amount is greater than the Relevant Principal Amount. 
c) 
A Barrier Event has not occurred and there is only one Barrier

--- Page 133 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-125 
 
 
Barrier: 0% 
Fixed Performance and, as there is only one Barrier 
Highest Fixed Performance: 30% 
 
Final Value of Reference Item 
Performance 
Put Performance 
Share A: EUR 125 
Share A:  
 
or 
125% 
(expressed 
as 
a 
percentage) 
 
Digital Put Redemption Amount = 
 
As the Put Performance of the Reference Item is less than the Barrier of 0%, a Barrier Event has not 
occurred. Consequently, although the value of the Reference Item has decreased, the Reference Item Amount 
is zero. The Digital Put Redemption Amount is therefore equal to the Relevant Principal Amount. 
37. 
REFERENCE 
ITEM-LINKED 
REDEMPTION 
AMOUNT 
= 
TOM 
STRATEGY 
REDEMPTION AMOUNT 
Where the Issue Terms relating to a Tranche of Notes specifies that the Reference Item-Linked 
Redemption Amount is the “TOM Strategy Redemption Amount”, based on the economic performance of a 
basket of Reference Items during certain specified “TOM periods” within a “TOM reference period”, such 
Notes give the investor a right to receive a Final Redemption Amount which will be determined in accordance 
with the formula set out below. Such Notes may be Index-Linked Notes (linked to an Index or a basket of 
Indices), Equity-Linked Notes (linked to an Underlying Equity or a basket of Underlying Equities), Fund-
Linked Notes (linked to a Fund Interest or a basket of Fund Interests), Currency-Linked Notes (linked to an 
FX Rate or a basket of FX Rates) or Commodity-Linked Notes (linked to a Commodity or a basket of 
Commodities). 
The TOM Strategy Redemption Amount in respect of each Calculation Amount (“CA”) will be 
calculated based on the change in value of the relevant Reference Item(s) by reference to the following 
formula: 
 
where “RPA” or “Relevant Principal Amount” means the CA multiplied by the Redemption Factor 
(being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms) and, where the relevant Issue Terms specifies that 
FX Principal Conversion is applicable, adjusted to reflect changes in the specified exchange rate between the 
relevant initial exchange rate and the relevant final exchange rate on the specified FX valuation date(s). 
The Reference Item Amount will be determined as the Calculation Amount multiplied by an amount 
(which, depending on the specified Performance Floor, may be less than zero) determined by reference to the 
performance of the relevant Reference Item(s), as a formula:

--- Page 134 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-126 
 
 
Where the TOM Value is multiplied by a participation rate (“PR”) greater than 100%, the effect on 
the Reference Item Amount of changes in the level of the relevant Reference Item(s) will be magnified. Where 
PR is less than 100%, the effect of changes in the level of the relevant Reference Item(s) will be reduced. 
In addition, where the relevant Issue Terms specify that FX Option Conversion is applicable, the 
Reference Item Amount will be adjusted to reflect changes in the specified exchange rate between the relevant 
initial exchange rate and the relevant final exchange rate on the specified FX valuation date(s). 
Where Performance Floor is greater than the TOM Value, this will operate to increase the TOM 
Strategy Redemption Amount compared to what it would have been had such floor not been applied. 
TOM Value is determined as (i) the product of the relevant TOM performances for each of the TOM 
periods MINUS 100% PLUS (ii) the Fixed Return. 
Fixed Return is an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as the product of (i) the number of 
days in the specified TOM reference period (being the period specified in the relevant Issue Terms) which do 
not fall with the TOM periods and (ii) the specified rate. 
Relevant TOM performance is determined as the RI TOM Performance of the Reference Item (where 
the Notes relate to a single Reference Item) or the sum of the weighted RI TOM Performances of each of the 
Reference Items (where the Notes relate to a basket of Reference Items) for a TOM period. 
RI TOM Performance for a TOM period is determined as (i) the value of the relevant Reference Item 
in respect of the specified final valuation date for such TOM period divided by (ii) the value of the relevant 
Reference Item in respect of the specified initial valuation date for such TOM period, expressed as a 
percentage. 
Consequently, the TOM Value gives exposure to the performance of the relevant Reference Item(s) 
during the TOM Periods and provides a fixed return for any days during the TOM reference period for which 
the performance of the Reference Item(s) is not calculated. 
Example of the calculation of the TOM Strategy Redemption Amount: 
The following example illustrates how the TOM Strategy Redemption Amount is calculated in respect 
of Notes linked to one Reference Item: 
Reference Item: Index A 
 
Calculation Amount: EUR 1,000 
Redemption Factor: 100% 
Performance Floor: Zero 
Participation Rate (PR): 100% 
FX Principal Conversion: Not Applicable: PFX = 1 
FX Option Conversion: Not Applicable: OFX = 1 
TOM Reference Period: 4 months 
Reference Rate Return: Zero% 
 
TOM 
Period 
Mid date 
Initial 
Valuation 
Date 
Final 
Valuation 
Date 
Index value on 
Initial 
Valuation 
Date 
Index value 
on Final 
Valuation 
Date 
RI TOM 
Performance

--- Page 135 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-127 
 
 
t = 1 
3 February 
2014 
27 January 
2014 
6 February 
2014 
98 
101 
 
or 103.0612% 
(expressed as a 
percentage) 
t = 2 
3 March 
2014 
24 February 
2014 
6 March 
2014 
100 
99 
 
or 99% (expressed 
as a percentage) 
t = 3 
1 April 
2014 
25 March 
2014 
4 April 
2014 
97 
102 
 
or 105.1546% 
(expressed as a 
percentage) 
Fixed Return = As the Reference Rate Return is zero per cent., the Fixed Return is also zero. 
Therefore, the TOM Value will be determined as follows: 
 
TOM Strategy Redemption Amount = 
 
38. 
REFERENCE ITEM-LINKED REDEMPTION AMOUNT = NON-PROTECTED PUT 
REDEMPTION AMOUNT (REVERSE CONVERTIBLE) 
Where the Issue Terms relating to a Tranche of Notes specifies that the Reference Item-Linked 
Redemption Amount is the “Non-Protected Put Redemption Amount (Reverse Convertible)” based on the path 
of the economic performance of a Reference Item or a basket of Reference Items, such Notes give the investor 
a right to receive a Final Redemption Amount which will be determined in accordance with the formula set 
out below. Such Notes may be Index-Linked Notes (linked to an Index or a basket of Indices), Equity-Linked 
Notes (linked to an Underlying Equity or a basket of Underlying Equities), Currency-Linked Notes (linked to 
an FX Rate or a basket of FX Rates) or Commodity-Linked Notes (linked to a Commodity or a basket of 
Commodities). In addition, investors will receive a fixed rate of interest during the term of the Notes. 
The Non-Protected Put Redemption Amount (Reverse Convertible) in respect of each Calculation 
Amount (“CA”) will be calculated based on the change in value of the relevant Reference Item(s) by reference 
to the following: 
(i) 
if European Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if the Relevant Performance 
is less than 100%, the Non-Protected Put Redemption Amount (Reverse Convertible) will be 
determined by reference to the performance of the relevant Reference Item(s), as a formula: 
 
[CA-(CA ×Max [Performance Floor; (PR ×Put Performance)])]; or

--- Page 136 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-128 
 
 
(ii) 
otherwise, if European Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if the Relevant 
Performance is greater than or equal to 100%, the Non-Protected Put Redemption Amount 
(Reverse Convertible) will be an amount equal to the Calculation Amount; 
(iii) 
if American Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if Observed Performance 
has at any time been less than 100%, the Non-Protected Put Redemption Amount (Reverse 
Convertible) will be determined by reference to the performance of the relevant Reference 
Item(s), as a formula: 
 
(iv) 
otherwise, if American Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Non-Protected 
Put Redemption Amount (Reverse Convertible) will be an amount equal to the Calculation 
Amount; 
(v) 
if Bermudan Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if Observed Performance 
has on any Bermudan Observation Date been less than 100%, the Non-Protected Put 
Redemption Amount (Reverse Convertible) will be determined by reference to the 
performance of the relevant Reference Item(s) as a formula: 
 
(vi) 
otherwise, if Bermudan Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Non-
Protected Put Redemption Amount (Reverse Convertible) will be an amount equal to the 
Calculation Amount. 
Where Relevant Performance is multiplied by a participation rate (“PR”) greater than 100%, the effect 
on the Non-Protected Put Redemption Amount (Reverse Convertible) of changes in the level of the relevant 
Reference Item(s) will be magnified. Where PR is less than 100%, the effect of changes in the level of the 
relevant Reference Item(s) will be reduced. 
Where Relevant Performance is less than 100%, the Non-Protected Put Redemption Amount (Reverse 
Convertible) will be less than the Calculation Amount and investors may receive on redemption less than the 
amount they originally invested. However, where Performance Floor is greater than Put Performance, this will 
operate to increase the Non-Protected Put Redemption Amount (Reverse Convertible) compared to what it 
would have been had such floor not been applied. 
Put Performance is determined as the Strike (being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms) MINUS the Relevant Performance. 
Relevant Performance is determined as either (i) the performance of the Reference Item (where the 
Notes relate to a single Reference Item) or (ii) the sum of the weighted performances of each of the Reference 
Items or the performance of the Reference Item which has a performance which is ranked the specified number 
highest or lowest (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) of all of the Reference Items (where the Notes 
relate to a basket of Reference Items). 
Observed Performance is determined as either (i) the performance of the Reference Item (where the 
Notes relate to a single Reference Item) or (ii) the sum of the weighted performances of each of the Reference 
Items or the performance of the Reference Item which has a performance which is ranked the specified number 
highest or lowest (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) of all of the Reference Items (where the Notes 
relate to a basket of Reference Items), in each case, during the Observation Period (where American Valuation 
applies) or in respect of the relevant Bermudan Observation Date (where Bermudan Valuation applies). 
[CA-(CA ×Max [Performance Floor; (PR ×Put Performance)])]; or 
[CA-(CA ×Max [Performance Floor; (PR ×Put Performance)])]; or

--- Page 137 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-129 
 
 
The performance of any Reference Item is determined as the value or the average value of the relevant 
Reference Item in respect of specified final valuation date(s) or where “Look-Back” is specified as Applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, the lowest or highest (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms)value of the relevant 
Reference Item in respect of specified final valuation date(s) divided by the value, the average value or, where 
“Look-Back” is specified as Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the highest or lowest (as specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms) value of the relevant Reference Item in respect of specified initial valuation date(s), 
expressed as a percentage. 
Consequently, if the relevant value of the Reference Item(s) decreases compared to the relevant value 
of the Reference Item(s) in respect of the specified initial valuation date(s), the Relevant Performance will be 
less than 100% and the Non-Protected Put Redemption Amount (Reverse Convertible) will be less than the 
Calculation Amount. Conversely, if the relevant value of the Reference Item(s) increases compared to the 
relevant value of the Reference Item(s) in respect of the specified initial valuation date(s), the Relevant 
Performance will be greater than 100% but the Non-Protected Put Redemption Amount (Reverse Convertible) 
will be equal to the Calculation Amount. 
Examples of the calculation of the Non-Protected Put Redemption Amount (Reverse Convertible): 
The following examples illustrate how the Non-Protected Put Redemption Amount (Reverse 
Convertible) is calculated in respect of Notes linked to one Reference Item: 
Reference Item: Share A 
Reference Item Initial Value: EUR 100 
 
Calculation Amount EUR 1,000 
Strike: 100% 
Performance Floor: Zero 
Participation Rate (PR): 100% 
a) 
A Relevant Performance of less than 100% 
 
Final Value of Reference Item 
Relevant Performance 
Put Performance 
Share A: EUR 90 
Share A:  
 
or 
90% 
(expressed 
as 
a 
percentage) 
 
Non-Protected Put Redemption Amount (Reverse Convertible) = 
 
As value of the Reference Item has decreased and the Relevant Performance is less than 100%, 
investors will participate in the decrease in value of the shares (and as the Performance Floor is zero this will 
not affect the value of the Non-Protected Put Redemption Amount (Reverse Convertible)) and the Non-
Protected Put Redemption Amount (Reverse Convertible) will be less than the Calculation Amount. 
b) 
A Relevant Performance of greater than 100% 
 
EUR90
EUR100 = 0.9

--- Page 138 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-130 
 
 
Final Value of Reference 
Item 
Relevant Performance 
Share A: EUR 101 
Share A:  
 
or 101% (expressed as a percentage) 
Non-Protected Put Redemption Amount (Reverse Convertible) = EUR1,000 
As the value of the Reference item has increased and the Relevant Performance is greater than 100%, 
the Non-Protected Put Redemption Amount (Reverse Convertible) is equal to the Calculation Amount and 
investors will not participate in the increase in value of the shares. 
39. 
REFERENCE ITEM-LINKED REDEMPTION AMOUNT = NON-PROTECTED KNOCK-IN 
PUT REDEMPTION AMOUNT (REVERSE CONVERTIBLE) 
Where the Issue Terms relating to a Tranche of Notes specifies that the Reference Item-Linked 
Redemption Amount is the “Non-Protected Knock-in Put Redemption Amount (Reverse Convertible)” based 
on the path of the economic performance of a Reference Item or a basket of Reference Items, such Notes give 
the investor a right to receive a Final Redemption Amount which will be determined in accordance with the 
formula set out below. Such Notes may be Index-Linked Notes (linked to an Index or a basket of Indices), 
Equity-Linked Notes (linked to an Underlying Equity or a basket of Underlying Equities), Currency-Linked 
Notes (linked to an FX Rate or a basket of FX Rates) or Commodity-Linked Notes (linked to a Commodity or 
a basket of Commodities). In addition, investors will receive a fixed rate of interest during the term of the 
Notes. 
The Non-Protected Knock-in Put Redemption Amount (Reverse Convertible) in respect of each 
Calculation Amount (“CA”) will be calculated based on the change in value of the relevant Reference Item(s) 
by reference to the following: 
(i) 
if European Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if the Relevant Performance 
is less than the Barrier (being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms), the Non-
Protected Knock-in Put Redemption Amount (Reverse Convertible) will be determined by 
reference to the performance of the relevant Reference Item(s), as a formula: 
 
(ii) 
otherwise, if European Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if the Relevant 
Performance is greater than or equal to the Barrier, the Non-Protected Knock-in Put 
Redemption Amount (Reverse Convertible) will be an amount equal to the Calculation 
Amount; 
(iii) 
if American Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if Observed Performance 
has at any time been less than the Barrier, the Non-Protected Knock-in Put Redemption 
Amount (Reverse Convertible) will be determined by reference to the performance of the 
relevant Reference Item(s), as a formula: 
 
EUR101
EUR100 = 1.01  
[CA-(CA ×Max [Performance Floor; (PR ×Put Performance)])]; or 
[CA-(CA ×Max [Performance Floor; (PR ×Put Performance)])]; or

--- Page 139 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-131 
 
 
(iv) 
otherwise, if American Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Non-Protected 
Knock-in Put Redemption Amount (Reverse Convertible) will be an amount equal to the 
Calculation Amount; 
(v) 
if Bermudan Valuation if specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if Observed Performance 
has on any Bermudan Observation Date been less than the Barrier, the Non-Protected Knock-
in Put Redemption Amount (Reverse Convertible) will be determined by reference to the 
performance of the relevant Reference Item(s), as a formula: 
 
(vi) 
otherwise, if Bermudan Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Non-
Protected Knock-in Put Redemption Amount (Reverse Convertible) will be an amount equal 
to the Calculation Amount.  
Where Relevant Performance is multiplied by a participation rate (“PR”) greater than 100%, the effect 
on the Non-Protected Knock-in Put Redemption Amount (Reverse Convertible) of changes in the level of the 
relevant Reference Item(s) will be magnified. Where PR is less than 100%, the effect of changes in the level 
of the relevant Reference Item(s) will be reduced. 
Where Relevant Performance is less than 100%, the Non-Protected Knock-in Put Redemption Amount 
(Reverse Convertible) will be less than the Calculation Amount and investors may receive on redemption less 
than the amount they originally invested. However, where Performance Floor is greater than Put Performance, 
this will operate to increase the Non-Protected Knock-in Put Redemption Amount (Reverse Convertible) 
compared to what it would have been had such floor not been applied. 
Put Performance is determined as the Strike (being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms) MINUS the Relevant Performance. 
Relevant Performance is determined as either (i) the performance of the Reference Item (where the 
Notes relate to a single Reference Item) or (ii) the sum of the weighted performances of each of the Reference 
Items or the performance of the Reference Item which has a performance which is ranked the specified number 
highest or lowest (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) of all of the Reference Items (where the Notes 
relate to a basket of Reference Items). 
Observed Performance is determined as either (i) the performance of the Reference Item (where the 
Notes relate to a single Reference Item) or (ii) the sum of the weighted performances of each of the Reference 
Items or the performance of the Reference Item which has a performance which is ranked the specified number 
highest or lowest (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) of all of the Reference Items (where the Notes 
relate to a basket of Reference Items), in each case, during the Observation Period (where American Valuation 
applies) or in respect of the relevant Bermudan Observation Date (where Bermudan Valuation applies). 
The performance of any Reference Item is determined as the value or the average value of the relevant 
Reference Item in respect of specified final valuation date(s) or where “Look-Back” is specified as Applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, the lowest or highest (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms)value of the relevant 
Reference Item in respect of specified final valuation date(s) divided by the value, the average value or, where 
“Look-Back” is specified as Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the highest or lowest (as specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms) value of the relevant Reference Item in respect of specified initial valuation date(s), 
expressed as a percentage. 
Consequently, if the relevant value of the Reference Item(s) decreases compared to the relevant value 
of the Reference Item(s) in respect of the specified initial valuation date(s) and the Relevant Performance is 
[CA-(CA ×Max [Performance Floor; (PR ×Put Performance)])]; or

--- Page 140 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-132 
 
 
less than the Barrier, the Non-Protected Knock-in Put Redemption Amount (Reverse Convertible) will be less 
than the Calculation Amount. 
Conversely, if the relevant value of the Reference Item(s) decreases compared to the relevant value of 
the Reference Item(s) in respect of the specified initial valuation date(s) but Relevant Performance is greater 
than the Barrier or if the relevant value of the Reference Item(s) increases compared to the relevant value of 
the Reference Item(s) in respect of the specified initial valuation date(s), the Non-Protected Knock-in Put 
Redemption Amount (Reverse Convertible) will be the Calculation Amount. 
Examples of the calculation of the Non-Protected Knock-in Put Redemption Amount: 
The following examples illustrate how the Non-Protected Knock-in Put Redemption Amount is 
calculated in respect of Notes linked to one Reference Item: 
Reference Item: Share A 
Reference Item Initial Value: EUR 100 
Calculation Amount EUR 1,000 
Strike: 100% 
Performance Floor: Zero 
Participation Rate (PR): 100% 
Barrier: 70% 
a) 
Value of shares decreases and Relevant Performance is less than the Barrier 
 
Final Value of Reference Item 
Relevant Performance 
Put Performance 
Share A: EUR 65 
Share A:  
 
or 65% (expressed as a 
percentage) 
 
 
Non-Protected Knock-in Put Redemption Amount (Reverse Convertible) = 
 
As Relevant Performance is less than the Barrier of 70% and the value of the shares has decreased, 
investors will participate in the decrease in value of the shares (and as the Performance Floor is zero this will 
not affect the value of the Non-Protected Put Redemption Amount (Reverse Convertible)) and the Non-
Protected Put Redemption Amount (Reverse Convertible) will be less than the Calculation Amount. 
b) 
Value of shares decreases and Relevant Performance is greater than the Barrier 
 
Final Value of Reference Item 
Relevant Performance 
Share A: EUR 85 
Share A: 
EUR85
EUR100 = 0.85

--- Page 141 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-133 
 
 
or 85% (expressed as a percentage) 
Non-Protected Knock-in Put Redemption Amount (Reverse Convertible) = EUR 1,000 
As Relevant Performance is greater than the Barrier of 70%, although the value of the shares has 
decreased, the Non-Protected Knock-in Put Redemption Amount (Reverse Convertible) will be equal to the 
Calculation Amount. 
c) 
Value of shares increases and Relevant Performance is greater than the Barrier 
 
Final Value of Reference Item 
Relevant Performance 
Share A: EUR 101 
Share A:  
 
or 101% (expressed as a percentage) 
Non-Protected Put Redemption Amount (Reverse Convertible) = EUR 1,000 
As Relevant Performance is greater than the Barrier of 70%, the Non-Protected Knock-in Put 
Redemption Amount (Reverse Convertible) will be equal to the Calculation Amount. 
40. 
REFERENCE ITEM-LINKED REDEMPTION AMOUNT = NON-PROTECTED KNOCK-IN 
PUT WITH CALL REDEMPTION AMOUNT 
Where the Issue Terms relating to a Tranche of Notes specifies that the Reference Item-Linked 
Redemption Amount is the “Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Redemption Amount” based on the path 
of the economic performance of a Reference Item or a basket of Reference Items, such Notes give the investor 
a right to receive a Final Redemption Amount which will be determined in accordance with the formula set 
out below. Such Notes may be Index-Linked Notes (linked to an Index or a basket of Indices), Equity-Linked 
Notes (linked to an Underlying Equity or a basket of Underlying Equities), Fund-Linked Notes (linked to a 
Fund Interest or a basket of Fund Interests), Currency-Linked Notes (linked to an FX Rate or a basket of FX 
Rates) or Commodity-Linked Notes (linked to a Commodity or a basket of Commodities). In addition, 
investors will receive a fixed rate of interest during the term of the Notes. 
The Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Redemption Amount in respect of each Calculation 
Amount (“CA”) will be calculated based on the change in value of the relevant Reference Item(s) by reference 
to the following: 
(i) 
if European Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if the Relevant Performance 
is less than the Put Barrier (being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms), the 
Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Redemption Amount will be determined by reference 
to the performance of the relevant Reference Item(s), as a formula: 
 
(ii) 
if European Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if the Relevant Performance 
is equal to or greater than the Put Barrier but less than the Call Barrier (being the percentage 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms), the Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Redemption 
Amount will be an amount equal to the Calculation Amount; or 
EUR101
EUR100= 1.01  
[CA – (CA ×Max [Performance FloorPut ; (PRPut ×Put Performance)])]; or

--- Page 142 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-134 
 
 
(iii) 
if European Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if the Relevant Performance 
is equal to or greater than the Call Barrier, the Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call 
Redemption Amount will be determined by reference to the performance of the relevant 
Reference Item(s), as a formula: 
 
 
(i) 
if American Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if Observed Performance 
has at any time been less than the Put Barrier (being the percentage specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms), the Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Redemption Amount will be 
determined by reference to the performance of the relevant Reference Item(s), as a formula: 
 
(ii) 
if American Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if Observed Performance at 
all times has been equal to or greater than the Put Barrier but less than the Call Barrier (being 
the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms), the Non-Protected Knock-in Put with 
Call Redemption Amount will be an amount equal to the Calculation Amount; 
(iii) 
if American Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if Observed Performance 
has at any time been equal to or greater than the Call Barrier, the Non-Protected Knock-in Put 
with Call Redemption Amount will be determined by reference to the performance of the 
relevant Reference Item(s), as a formula: 
 
(iv) 
if Bermudan Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if Observed Performance 
has on any Bermudan Observation Date been less than the Put Barrier and has never been 
greater than the Call Barrier (being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms), the 
Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Redemption Amount will be determined by reference 
to the performance of the relevant Reference Item(s), as a formula: 
 
(v) 
if Bermudan Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if Observed Performance 
on each Bermudan Observation Date has been equal to or greater than the Put Barrier but less 
than the Call Barrier (being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms), the Non-
Protected Knock-in Put with Call Redemption Amount will be an amount equal to the 
Calculation Amount;  
(vi) 
if Bermudan Valuation Date is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if Observed 
Performance has on any Bermudan Observation Date been equal to or greater than the Call 
Barrier, the Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Redemption Amount will be determined 
by reference to the performance of the relevant Reference Item(s), as a formula: 
 
 
[CA+(CA ×Max [Performance FloorCall; (PRCall ×Call Performance)] ×OFX)] 
[CA – (CA ×Max [Performance FloorPut ; (PRPut ×Put Performance)])]; or 
[CA+(CA ×Max [Performance FloorCall; (PRCall ×Call Performance)] ×OFX)] 
[CA – (CA ×Max [Performance FloorPut ; (PRPut ×Put Performance)])]; or 
[CA+(CA ×Max [Performance FloorCall; (PRCall ×Call Performance)] ×OFX)]

--- Page 143 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-135 
 
 
Where Relevant Performance is multiplied by a participation rate (“PRCall” or “PRPut”) greater than 
100%, the effect on the Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Redemption Amount of changes in the level of 
the relevant Reference Item(s) will be magnified. Where the participation rate is less than 100%, the effect of 
changes in the level of the relevant Reference Item(s) will be reduced. 
In addition, where the relevant Issue Terms specify that FX Option Conversion is applicable, the Non-
Protected Knock-in Put with Call Redemption Amount will reflect changes in the specified exchange rate 
between the relevant initial exchange rate and the relevant final exchange rate on the specified FX valuation 
date(s). 
Where Relevant Performance is less than 100%, the Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call 
Redemption Amount will be less than the Calculation Amount and investors may receive on redemption less 
than the amount they originally invested. However, where Performance FloorPut or Performance FloorCall is 
greater than Put Performance or Call Performance, as applicable, this will operate to increase the Non-
Protected Knock-in Put with Call Redemption Amount compared to what it would have been had such floor 
not been applied. 
Put Performance is determined as the Put Strike (being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms) MINUS Relevant Performance and Call Performance is determined as Relevant Performance MINUS 
the Call Strike (being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms). 
Relevant Performance is determined as either (i) the performance of the Reference Item (where the 
Notes relate to a single Reference Item) or (ii) the sum of the weighted performances of each of the Reference 
Items or the performance of the Reference Item which has a performance which is ranked the specified number 
highest or lowest (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) of all of the Reference Items (where the Notes 
relate to a basket of Reference Items). 
Observed Performance is determined as either (i) the performance of the Reference Item (where the 
Notes relate to a single Reference Item) or (ii) the sum of the weighted performances of each of the Reference 
Items or the performance of the Reference Item which has a performance which is ranked the specified number 
highest or lowest (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) of all of the Reference Items (where the Notes 
relate to a basket of Reference Items), in each case, during the Observation Period (where American Valuation 
applies) or in respect of the relevant Bermudan Observation Date (where Bermudan Valuation applies). 
The performance of any Reference Item is determined as the value or the average value of the relevant 
Reference Item in respect of specified final valuation date(s) divided by the value or the average value of the 
relevant Reference Item in respect of specified initial valuation date(s), expressed as a percentage. 
The effect of the above is the same as entering into both a put and a call on the same Reference Item 
or basket of Reference Items. 
Consequently, if the value of the Reference Item(s) decreases compared to the value of the Reference 
Item(s) in respect of the specified initial valuation date(s) and the Relevant Performance is less than the Put 
Barrier, the Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Redemption Amount will be less than the Calculation 
Amount. 
Conversely, if the value of the Reference Item(s) increases compared to the value of the Reference 
Item(s) in respect of the specified initial valuation date(s) and the Relevant Performance is equal to or greater 
than the Call Barrier, the Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Redemption Amount will be greater than the 
Calculation Amount. 
Otherwise, if the Relevant Performance is equal to or greater than the Put Barrier but less than the Call 
Barrier, the Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Redemption Amount will be equal to the Calculation 
Amount.

--- Page 144 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-136 
 
 
Examples of the calculation of the Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Redemption Amount: 
The following examples illustrate how the Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Redemption Amount 
is calculated in respect of Notes linked to one Reference Item: 
Reference Item: Share A 
Reference Item Initial Value: EUR 100 
 
Calculation Amount EUR 1,000 
Put Strike: 100% 
Call Strike: 100% 
Performance FloorPut and Performance FloorCall: Zero 
Participation Rate (PRCall and PRPut): 100% 
FX Option Conversion: Not Applicable: FX = 1 
 
Call Barrier: 120% 
Put Barrier:  70% 
a) 
Value of shares decreases and Relevant Performance is less than the Put Barrier 
 
Final Value of Reference Item 
Relevant Performance 
Put Performance 
Share A: EUR 65 
Share A: 
 
or 
65% 
(expressed 
as 
a 
percentage) 
 
Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Redemption Amount = 
 
As the Relevant Performance is less than the Put Barrier, the Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call 
Redemption Amount is less than the Calculation Amount. 
b) 
Value of shares decreases and Relevant Performance is greater than the Put Barrier but less 
than the Call Barrier 
 
Final Value of Reference Item Relevant Performance 
Share A: EUR 110 
Share A: 
 
or 110% (expressed as a percentage) 
Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Redemption Amount = EUR 1,000 
EUR65
EUR100  = 0.65  
[EUR 1,000 – (EUR 1,000 × Max [0; (100% × 35%)])] = EUR 650 
EUR110
EUR100 =  1.1

--- Page 145 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-137 
 
 
As the Relevant Performance is greater than the Put Barrier but less than the Call Barrier, the Non-
Protected Knock-in Put with Call Spread Redemption Amount is equal to the Calculation Amount. 
c) 
Value of shares increases and Relevant Performance is greater than the Call Barrier 
 
Final Value of Reference Item 
Relevant Performance 
Call Performance 
Share A: EUR 130 
Share A:  
 
or 
130% 
(expressed 
as 
a 
percentage) 
 
As the Call Performance is greater than the Performance Cap, the Capped Performance is equal to the 
Performance Cap. 
Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Redemption Amount = 
 
As the Relevant Performance is greater than the Call Barrier, the Non-Protected Knock-in Put with 
Call Redemption Amount is greater than the Calculation Amount but is capped at the Performance Cap. 
41. 
REFERENCE ITEM-LINKED REDEMPTION AMOUNT = NON-PROTECTED KNOCK-IN 
PUT WITH CALL SPREAD REDEMPTION AMOUNT 
Where the Issue Terms relating to a Tranche of Notes specifies that the Reference Item-Linked 
Redemption Amount is the “Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Spread Redemption Amount” based on the 
path of the economic performance of a Reference Item or a basket of Reference Items, such Notes give the 
investor a right to receive a Final Redemption Amount which will be determined in accordance with the 
formula set out below. Such Notes may be Index-Linked Notes (linked to an Index or a basket of Indices), 
Equity-Linked Notes (linked to an Underlying Equity or a basket of Underlying Equities), Fund-Linked Notes 
(linked to a Fund Interest or a basket of Fund Interests), Currency-Linked Notes (linked to an FX Rate or a 
basket of FX Rates) or Commodity-Linked Notes (linked to a Commodity or a basket of Commodities). In 
addition, investors will receive a fixed rate of interest during the term of the Notes. 
The Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Spread Redemption Amount in respect of each Calculation 
Amount (“CA”) will be calculated based on the change in value of the relevant Reference Item(s) by reference 
to the following: 
(i) 
if European Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Relevant Performance is 
less than the Put Barrier (being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms), the Non-
Protected Knock-in Put with Call Spread Redemption Amount will be determined by 
reference to the performance of the relevant Reference Item(s), as a formula: 
 
(ii) 
if European Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if the Relevant Performance 
is equal to or greater than the Put Barrier but less than the Call Barrier (being the percentage 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms), the Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Spread 
Redemption Amount will be an amount equal to the Calculation Amount; or 
EUR130
EUR100 =  1.3  
130% - 100% = 30% 
[CA – (CA × Max [Performance FloorPut; (PRPut × Put Performance)])]; or

--- Page 146 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-138 
 
 
(iii) 
if European Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if the Relevant Performance 
is equal to or greater than the Call Barrier, the Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Spread 
Redemption Amount will be determined by reference to the performance of the relevant 
Reference Item(s), as a formula: 
 
(iv) 
if American Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if Observed Performance 
has at any time been less than the Put Barrier and has never been greater than the Call Barrier 
(being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms), the Non-Protected Knock-in Put 
with Call Spread Redemption Amount will be determined by reference to the performance of 
the relevant Reference Item(s), as a formula: 
 
(v) 
if American Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if Observed Performance 
has at all times been equal to or greater than the Put Barrier but less than the Call Barrier 
(being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms), the Non-Protected Knock-in Put 
with Call Spread Redemption Amount will be an amount equal to the Calculation Amount; 
(vi) 
if American Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if Observed Performance 
has at any time been equal to or greater than the Call Barrier, the Non-Protected Knock-in Put 
with Call Spread Redemption Amount will be determined by reference to the performance of 
the relevant Reference Item(s), as a formula: 
 
(vii) 
if Bermudan Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if Observed Performance 
has on any Bermudan Observation Date been less than the Put Barrier and has never been 
greater than the Call Barrier (being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms), the 
Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Spread Redemption Amount will be determined by 
reference to the performance of the relevant Reference Item(s), as a formula: 
 
(viii) 
if Bermudan Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if Observed Performance 
on each Bermudan Observation Date has been equal to or greater than the Put Barrier but less 
than the Call Barrier (being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms), the Non-
Protected Knock-in Put with Call Spread Redemption Amount will be an amount equal to the 
Calculation Amount; 
(ix) 
if Bermudan Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if Observed Performance 
has on any Bermudan Observation Date been equal to or greater than the Call Barrier, the 
Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Spread Redemption Amount will be determined by 
reference to the performance of the relevant Reference Item(s), as a formula: 
 
 
Where Relevant Performance or Capped Performance is multiplied by a participation rate (“PRCall” or 
“PRPut”) greater than 100%, the effect on the Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Spread Redemption 
Amount of changes in the level of the relevant Reference Item(s) will be magnified. Where the participation 
rate is less than 100%, the effect of changes in the level of the relevant Reference Item(s) will be reduced. 
[CA + (CA × Max [Performance FloorCall; (PRCall × Capped Performance)] × OFX)] 
[CA – (CA × Max [Performance FloorPut; (PRPut × Put Performance)])]; or 
[CA + (CA × Max [Performance FloorCall; (PRCall × Capped Performance)] × OFX)] 
[CA – (CA × Max [Performance FloorPut; (PRPut × Put Performance)])]; or 
[CA + (CA × Max [Performance FloorCall; (PRCall × Capped Performance)] × OFX)]

--- Page 147 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-139 
 
 
In addition, where the relevant Issue Terms specify that FX Option Conversion is applicable, the Non-
Protected Knock-in Put with Call Spread Redemption Amount will reflect changes in the specified exchange 
rate between the relevant initial exchange rate and the relevant final exchange rate on the specified FX 
valuation date(s). 
Where Relevant Performance or Capped Performance is less than 100%, the Non-Protected Knock-in 
Put with Call Spread Redemption Amount will be less than the Calculation Amount and investors may receive 
on redemption less than the amount they originally invested. However, where Performance FloorPut or 
Performance FloorCall is greater than Put Performance or Call Performance, as applicable, this will operate to 
increase the Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Spread Redemption Amount compared to what it would 
have been had such floor not been applied. 
Put Performance is determined as the Put Strike (being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms) MINUS Relevant Performance and Call Performance is determined as Relevant Performance MINUS 
the Call Strike (being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms). 
Relevant Performance is determined as either (i) the performance of the Reference Item (where the 
Notes relate to a single Reference Item) or (ii) the sum of the weighted performances of each of the Reference 
Items or the performance of the Reference Item which has a performance which is ranked the specified number 
highest or lowest (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) of all of the Reference Items (where the Notes 
relate to a basket of Reference Items). 
Observed Performance is determined as either (i) the performance of the Reference Item (where the 
Notes relate to a single Reference Item) or (ii) the sum of the weighted performances of each of the Reference 
Items or the performance of the Reference Item which has a performance which is ranked the specified number 
highest or lowest (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) of all of the Reference Items (where the Notes 
relate to a basket of Reference Items), in each case, during the Observation Period (where American Valuation 
applies) or in respect of the relevant Bermudan Observation Date (where Bermudan Valuation applies). 
Capped Performance is determined as the lower of the Performance Cap (being a percentage specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms) and the Call Performance. 
The performance of any Reference Item is determined as the value or the average value of the relevant 
Reference Item in respect of specified final valuation date(s) divided by the value or the average value of the 
relevant Reference Item in respect of specified initial valuation date(s), expressed as a percentage. 
The effect of the above is the same as entering into both a put option and a call spread option on the 
same Reference Item or basket of Reference Items. 
Consequently, if the value of the Reference Item(s) decreases compared to the value of the Reference 
Item(s) in respect of the specified initial valuation date(s) and the Relevant Performance is less than the Put 
Barrier, the Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Spread Redemption Amount will be less than the 
Calculation Amount. 
Conversely and subject as provided below, if the value of the Reference Item(s) increases compared 
to the value of the Reference Item(s) in respect of the specified initial valuation date(s) and the Relevant 
Performance is greater than the Call Barrier, the Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Spread Redemption 
Amount will be greater than the Calculation Amount. Investors should note, however, that Call Performance 
will be subject to the Performance Cap and investors will therefore not profit from any Call Performance which 
is higher than that cap. 
Otherwise, if the Relevant Performance is equal to or greater than the Put Barrier but less than the Call 
Barrier, the Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Spread Redemption Amount will be equal to the Calculation 
Amount.

--- Page 148 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-140 
 
 
Examples of the calculation of the Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Spread Redemption Amount: 
The following examples illustrate how the Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Spread Redemption 
Amount is calculated in respect of Notes linked to one Reference Item: 
Reference Item: Share A 
Reference Item Initial Value: EUR 100 
Calculation Amount EUR 1,000 
Put Strike: 100% 
Call Strike: 100% 
Performance FloorPut and Performance FloorCall: Zero 
Participation Rate (PRCall and PRPut): 100% 
FX Option Conversion: Not Applicable: FX = 1 
Call Barrier: 120% 
Put Barrier: 70% 
Performance Cap: 30% 
a) 
Value of shares decreases and Relevant Performance is less than the Put Barrier 
 
Final Value of Reference Item 
Relevant Performance 
Put Performance 
Share A: EUR 65 
Share A:  
 
or 
65% 
(expressed 
as 
a 
percentage) 
 
Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Spread Redemption Amount = 
 
As the Relevant Performance is less than the Put Barrier, the Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call 
Spread Redemption Amount is less than the Calculation Amount. 
b) 
Value of shares decreases and Relevant Performance is greater than the Put Barrier but less 
than the Call Barrier 
 
Final Value of Reference Item 
Relevant Performance 
Share A: EUR 110 
Share A: 
 
or 110% (expressed as a percentage) 
EUR65
EUR100 = 0.65 
EUR 110
EUR 100 = 1.1

--- Page 149 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-141 
 
 
Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Spread Redemption Amount = EUR 1,000 
As the Relevant Performance is greater than the Put Barrier but less than the Call Barrier, the Non-
Protected Knock-in Put with Call Spread Redemption Amount is equal to the Calculation Amount. 
c) 
Value of shares increases and Relevant Performance is greater than the Call Barrier 
 
Final 
Value 
of 
Reference Item 
Relevant 
Performance 
Call Performance 
Capped Performance 
Share A: EUR 140 
Share A: 
 
or 140% (expressed as 
a percentage) 
Share A: 
 
 
 
As the Call Performance is greater than the Performance Cap, the Capped Performance is equal to the 
Performance Cap. 
Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Spread Redemption Amount = 
 
As the Relevant Performance is greater than the Call Barrier, the Non-Protected Knock-in Put with 
Call Spread Redemption Amount is greater than the Calculation Amount but is capped at the Performance 
Cap. 
42. 
REFERENCE ITEM-LINKED REDEMPTION AMOUNT = NON-PROTECTED KNOCK-IN 
PUT WITH CALL REDEMPTION AMOUNT (BOOSTER) 
Where the Issue Terms relating to a Tranche of Notes specifies that the Reference Item-Linked 
Redemption Amount is the “Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Redemption Amount (Booster)” based on 
the path of the economic performance of two different Reference Items or baskets of Reference Items (the 
“Put Element” and the “Call Element”), which may each be valued on different valuation dates or during 
different periods, such Notes give the investor a right to receive a Final Redemption Amount which will be 
determined in accordance with the formula set out below. Such Notes may be Index-Linked Notes (linked to 
Indices or baskets of Indices), Equity-Linked Notes (linked to Underlying Equities or baskets of Underlying 
Equities), Currency-Linked Notes (linked to FX Rates or baskets of FX Rates) or Commodity-Linked Notes 
(linked to Commodities or baskets of Commodities). In addition, investors will receive a fixed rate of interest 
during the term of the Notes. 
The Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Redemption Amount (Booster) in respect of each 
Calculation Amount (“CA”) will be calculated based on the change in value of the relevant Reference Items 
by reference to the following: 
(i) 
(1) if European Valuation is specified for the Put Element in the relevant Issue Terms, if 
Relevant Performance1 is, or (2) if American Valuation is specified for the Put Element in the 
relevant Issue Terms, if Observed Performance1 has at all times been, or (3) if Bermudan 
Valuation is specified for the Put Element in the relevant Issue Terms, if Observed 
Performance1 has on all Bermudan Observation Dates been, less than the Put Barrier and (A) 
if European Valuation is specified for the Call Element in the relevant Issue Terms, Relevant 
EUR 140
EUR100 = 1.4

--- Page 150 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-142 
 
 
Performance2 is, or (B) if American Valuation is specified for the Call Element in the relevant 
Issue Terms, if Observed Performance2 has at all times been, or (C) if Bermudan Valuation is 
specified for the Call Element in the relevant Issue Terms, if Observed Performance2 has on 
all Bermudan Observation Dates been, less than the Call Barrier, an amount in the Specified 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
(ii) 
(1) if European Valuation is specified for the Put Element in the relevant Issue Terms, if 
Relevant Performance1 is, or (2) if American Valuation is specified for the Put Element in the 
relevant Issue Terms, if Observed Performance1 has at any time been, or (3) if Bermudan 
Valuation is specified for the Put Element in the relevant Issue Terms, if Observed 
Performance1 has on any Bermudan Observation Date been, equal to or greater than the Put 
Barrier and (A) if European Valuation is specified for the Call Element in the relevant Issue 
Terms, Relevant Performance2 is, or (B) if American Valuation is specified for the Call 
Element in the relevant Issue Terms, if Observed Performance2 has at any time been, or (C) if 
Bermudan Valuation is specified for the Call Element in the relevant Issue Terms, if Observed 
Performance2 has on any Bermudan Observation Date been, less than the Call Barrier, an 
amount in the Specified Currency equal to the Calculation Amount; or 
(iii) 
(1) if European Valuation is specified for the Call Element in the relevant Issue Terms, if 
Relevant Performance2 is, or (2) if American Valuation is specified for the Call Element in 
the relevant Issue Terms, if Observed Performance2 has at all times been, or (3) if Bermudan 
Valuation is specified for the Call Element in the relevant Issue Terms, if Observed 
Performance2 has on all Bermudan Observation Dates been, equal to or greater than the Call 
Barrier and (A) if European Valuation is specified for the Put Element in the relevant Issue 
Terms, Relevant Performance1 is, or (B) if American Valuation is specified for the Put 
Element in the relevant Issue Terms, if Observed Performance1 has at all times been, or (C) if 
Bermudan Valuation is specified for the Put Element in the relevant Issue Terms, if Observed 
Performance1 has on all Bermudan Observation Dates been, equal to or greater than the Put 
Barrier, an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the following formula: 
 
(iv) 
otherwise, an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the following formula: 
 
Where the Relevant Performance of the Reference Item(s) is multiplied by a participation rate 
(“PRCall” and “PRPut”) greater than 100%, the effect on the Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Redemption 
Amount (Booster) of changes in the level of the relevant Reference Item(s) will be magnified. Where such 
participation rate is less than 100%, the effect of changes in the level of the relevant Reference Item(s) will be 
reduced. 
In addition, where the relevant Issue Terms specify that FX Option Conversion is applicable, the Non-
Protected Knock-in Put with Call Redemption Amount (Booster) will reflect changes in the specified exchange 
rate between the relevant initial exchange rate and the relevant final exchange rate on the specified FX 
valuation date(s). 
[CA + (CA × Max [Performance FloorCall; (PRCall × Call Performance)] × OFX)]

--- Page 151 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-143 
 
 
Where Relevant Performance is less than 100%, the Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call 
Redemption Amount (Booster) will be less than the Calculation Amount and investors may receive on 
redemption less than the amount they originally invested. However, where Performance FloorPut is greater than 
the Put Performance, this will operate to increase the Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Redemption 
Amount (Booster) compared to what it would have been had such floor not been applied. 
Put Performance is determined as the Put Strike (being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms) MINUS the Relevant Performance of the Put Element and Call Performance is determined as the 
Relevant Performance of the Call Element MINUS the Call Strike (being the percentage specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms). 
Relevant Performance (being Relevant Performance1 in respect of the Put Element and Relevant 
Performance2 in respect of the Call Element) is determined as either (i) the performance of the Reference Item 
comprising the Put Element or the Call Element, as the case may be, (where the Put Element or the Call 
Element, as the case may be, comprises a single Reference Item) or (ii) the sum of the weighted performances 
of each of the Reference Items comprising the Put Element or the Call Element, as the case may be, or the 
performance of the Reference Item which has a performance which is ranked the specified number highest or 
lowest (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) of all of the Reference Items (where the Put Element or the 
Call Element, as the case may be, comprises a basket of Reference Items). 
Observed Performance (being Observed Performance1 in respect of the Put Element and Observed 
Performance2 in respect of the Call Element) is determined as either (i) the performance of the Reference Item 
comprising the Put Element or the Call Element, as the case may be, (where the Put Element or the Call 
Element, as the case may be, comprises a single Reference Item) or (ii) the sum of the weighted performances 
of each of the Reference Items comprising the Put Element or the Call Element, as the case may be, or the 
performance of the Reference Item which has a performance which is ranked the specified number highest or 
lowest (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) of all of the Reference Items (where the Put Element or the 
Call Element, as the case may be, comprises a basket of Reference Items), in each case, during the Observation 
Period (where American Valuation applies) or in respect of the relevant Bermudan Observation Date (where 
Bermudan Valuation applies). 
The performance of any Reference Item is determined as the value or the average value of the relevant 
Reference Item in respect of specified final valuation date(s) divided by the value or the average value of the 
relevant Reference Item in respect of specified initial valuation date(s), expressed as a percentage. 
The effect of the above is the same as entering into a put in respect of the Put Element and a call in 
respect of the Call Element. 
Consequently, if the Relevant Performance of the Put Element is less than the Put Barrier and the 
Relevant Performance of the Call Element is less than the Call Barrier, the Non-Protected Knock-in Put with 
Call Redemption Amount (Booster) will be determined by reference to the Put Performance and will be less 
than the Calculation Amount. 
Otherwise, if the Relevant Performance of the Put Element is equal to or greater than the Put Barrier 
and the Relevant Performance of the Call Element is equal to or greater than the Call Barrier, the Non-Protected 
Knock-in Put with Call Redemption Amount (Booster) will be determined by reference to the Call 
Performance and will be greater than the Calculation Amount. 
Otherwise, if the Relevant Performance of the Put Element is equal to or greater than the Put Barrier 
and the Relevant Performance of the Call Element is less than the Call Barrier, the Non-Protected Knock-in 
Put with Call Redemption Amount (Booster) will be equal to the Calculation Amount. 
If however, the Relevant Performance of the Put Element is less than the Put Barrier and the Relevant 
Performance of the Call Element is equal to or greater than the Call Barrier, the Non-Protected Knock-in Put

--- Page 152 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-144 
 
 
with Call Redemption Amount (Booster) will be determined by reference to the Relevant Performance of both 
the Put Element and the Call Element. 
Examples of the calculation of the Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Redemption Amount (Booster): 
The following examples illustrate how the Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Redemption Amount 
(Booster) is calculated in respect of a Put Element and a Call Element, in each case, comprising one Reference 
Item: 
 
 
Put Element 
Call Element 
Reference Item: 
Share A 
Share B 
Reference Item Initial Value: 
EUR 100 
EUR 100 
Calculation Amount EUR 1,000 
Put Strike: 100% 
Call Strike: 100% 
Performance FloorPut and Performance FloorCall: Zero 
Participation Rate (PRPut and PRCall): 100% 
FX Option Conversion: Not Applicable: FX = 1 
Put Barrier:  70% 
Call Barrier: 120% 
a) 
Relevant Performance of Put Element is less than the Put Barrier and Relevant Performance 
of Call Element is less than the Call Barrier 
 
Final Value of Reference Item 
Relevant Performance 
Put 
Performance 
Share A: EUR 65 
Share A:  
 
Share A:  
 
Share B: EUR 90 
Share B:  
Share B:  
Not relevant 
Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Redemption Amount (Booster) = 
 
As the Relevant Performance of the Put Element is less than the Put Barrier and the Relevant 
Performance of the Call Element is less than the Call Barrier, the Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call 
Redemption Amount (Booster) is determined by reference to the Put Performance. 
b) 
Relevant Performance of the Put Element is greater than the Put Barrier and Relevant 
Performance of the Call Element is less than the Call Barrier 
 
EUR 65 ÷ EUR 100 = 0.65 or 65% (expressed
as a percentage)
 
100% - 65% =
35%
 
EUR 90 ÷ EUR 100 = 0.9 or 90% (expressed as
a percentage)
[EUR 1,000 – (EUR 1,000 × Max [0; (100% × 35%)])] = EUR 650

--- Page 153 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-145 
 
 
Final Value of Reference Item 
Relevant Performance 
Share A: EUR 110 
Share A: 
 
Share B: EUR 105 
Share B: 
 
Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Redemption Amount (Booster) = EUR 1,000 
As the Relevant Performance of the Put Element is greater than the Put Barrier and the Relevant 
Performance of the Call Element less than the Call Barrier, the Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call 
Redemption Amount (Booster) is equal to the Calculation Amount. 
c) 
Relevant Performance of Put Element is greater than the Put Barrier and Relevant 
Performance of Call Element is greater than the Call Barrier 
 
Final Value of Reference Item 
Relevant Performance 
Call Performance 
Share A: EUR 130 
Share A:  
 
Share A:  
Not relevant 
Share B:  EUR 150 
Share B:  
 
Share B: 
 
Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Redemption Amount (Booster) = 
 
As the Relevant Performance of the Put Element is greater than the Put Barrier and the Relevant 
Performance of the Call Element is greater than the Call Barrier, the Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call 
Redemption Amount (Booster) is determined by reference to the Relevant Performance of the Call Element. 
d) 
Relevant Performance of Put Element is less than the Put Barrier and Relevant Performance 
of Call Element is greater than the Call Barrier 
 
Final 
Value 
of 
Reference Item 
Relevant Performance 
Put Performance 
Call Performance

--- Page 154 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-146 
 
 
Share A: EUR 65 
Share A: 
 
Share A:  
 
Share A:  
Not relevant 
Share B: EUR 150 
Share B:  
 
Share B:  
Not relevant 
Share B:  
 
Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Redemption Amount (Booster) = 
 
As the Relevant Performance of the Put Element is less than the Put Barrier and the Relevant 
Performance of the Call Element is greater than the Call Barrier, the Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call 
Redemption Amount (Booster) is determined by reference to both the Put Performance and the Call 
Performance. 
43. 
REFERENCE ITEM-LINKED REDEMPTION AMOUNT   = GENERAL REDEMPTION 
AMOUNT 
Where the Issue Terms relating to a Tranche of Notes specifies that the Reference Item-Linked 
Redemption Amount is the “General Redemption Amount”, based on the path of the economic performance 
of a Reference Item or a basket of Reference Items, such Notes give the investor a right to receive a Final 
Redemption Amount which will be determined in accordance with the formula set out below. Such Notes may 
be Index-Linked Notes (linked to an Index), Equity-Linked Notes (linked to an Underlying Equity), Currency-
Linked Notes (linked to an FX Rate or a basket of FX Rates) or Commodity-Linked Notes (linked to a 
Commodity or a basket of Commodities). In addition, investors may receive a rate of interest during the term 
of the Notes if specified in the relevant Issue Terms.  
The General Redemption Amount in respect of each Calculation Amount (“CA”) will be calculated 
by reference to the following formula: 
 
where “General Redemption Component Value” or “GRCV” in respect of a General Redemption 
component shall be determined by reference to the relevant formula below and based on the change in value 
of the relevant Reference Item(s) relating to the relevant General Redemption component: 
 
EUR 150 ÷ EUR 100 = 
1.5 or 150%
 
(expressed       as       a  
percentage)
 
EUR 150 ÷ EUR 100 = 
1.5 or 150%
 
(expressed       as       a  
percentage)
 
[EUR 1,000 −(EUR 1,000 × Max [0; (100% × 35%)])] + (EUR 1,000 × Max [0; (100% × 50% )]
× 1)] = EUR 1,150

--- Page 155 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-147 
 
 
(i) 
if the Relevant Performance is greater than or equal to a Starting Performance Interval Point (as 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms) and less than the following Ending Performance Interval Point 
(as specified in the relevant Issue Terms), the General Redemption Amount will be determined by 
reference to the following formula: 
 
(ii) 
otherwise, if Relevant Performance is less than the lowest specified Performance Interval Point or 
greater than or equal to the highest specified Performance Interval Point, the General Redemption 
Amount will be determined by reference to the following formula: 
 
The relevant parameters for each General Redemption component will be specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms.  
Where Relevant Performance is multiplied by a participation rate in respect of a Performance Interval 
(“PRm”) greater than 100%, the effect on the General Redemption Amount of changes in the level of the 
relevant Reference Item(s) will be magnified. Where PRm is less than 100%, the effect of changes in the level 
of the relevant Reference Item(s) will be reduced. 
Where Relevant Performance is less than 100%, the General Redemption Amount may be less than 
the Calculation Amount and investors may receive on redemption less than the amount they originally invested.  
Relevant Performance is determined as either (i) the performance of the Reference Item (where the 
Notes relate to a single Reference Item) or (ii) the sum of the weighted performances of each of the Reference 
Items or the performance of the Reference Item which has a performance which is ranked the specified number 
highest or lowest (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) of all of the Reference Items (where the Notes 
relate to a basket of Reference Items). 
 
The effect of each General Redemption component must be viewed as a whole to determine the effect 
on the General Redemption Amount. However, in respect of a General Redemption component: 
(i) 
if the relevant value of the Reference Item(s) decreases compared to the relevant value of the Reference 
Item(s) in respect of the specified initial valuation date(s) the General Redemption Amount may be 
less than would otherwise be the case; and 
(ii) 
conversely, if the relevant value of the Reference Item(s) increases compared to the relevant value of 
the Reference Item(s) in respect of the initial valuation date(s), the General Redemption Amount will 
be greater than would otherwise be the case. 
44. 
REFERENCE 
ITEM-LINKED 
REDEMPTION 
AMOUNT 
= 
BARRIER 
BOND 
REDEMPTION AMOUNT 
Where the Issue Terms relating to a Tranche of Notes specifies that the Reference Item-Linked 
Redemption Amount is the “Barrier Bond Redemption Amount”, based on the economic performance of a 
basket of Reference Items, such Notes give the investor a right to receive a Final Redemption Amount which 
will be determined in accordance with the formula set out below. Such Notes may be Index-Linked Notes 
(linked to a basket of Indices), Equity-Linked Notes (linked to a basket of Underlying Equities), Currency-
Linked Notes (linked to a basket of FX Rates) or Commodity-Linked Notes (linked to a basket of

--- Page 156 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-148 
 
 
Commodities). In addition, the Interest Amount will also be affected by the economic performance of the 
relevant Reference Items (see paragraph 14 (Interest in respect of Barrier Bond Notes) above). 
The Barrier Bond Redemption Amount in respect of each Calculation Amount (“CA”) will be 
calculated based on the change in value of the relevant Reference Item(s) by reference to the following 
formula: 
 
Where the relevant Issue Terms specifies that FX Principal Conversion is applicable, the above 
calculation reflects changes in the specified exchange rate between the relevant initial exchange rate and the 
relevant final exchange rate on the specified FX valuation date(s). 
The Relevant Weighting is determined as the sum of the weightings for each of the Reference Items 
in respect of which a Barrier Event has occurred. 
A Barrier Event will occur in respect of a Reference Item where the value (observed continuously or 
daily, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) of such Reference Item during a specified period has at any 
time been, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms, either (i) less than or (ii) equal to or greater than, the 
relevant barrier level (being the percentage of the value or average value of the relevant Reference Item in 
respect of the specified initial valuation date(s) specified in the relevant Issue Terms). 
Consequently, the Barrier Bond Redemption Amount will be reduced each time a Barrier Event occurs 
in respect of a Reference Item. In addition, the Barrier Bond Redemption Amount will be reduced to reflect 
the pro rata costs (“UC”) of the sum of all costs and expenses, taxes and duties incurred by the Issuer and/or 
its affiliates or agents in connection with the redemption of the Notes and/or the termination of hedging 
transactions in relation to the Notes. 
Example of the calculation of the Barrier Bond Redemption Amount: 
The following example illustrates how the Barrier Bond Redemption Amount is calculated in respect 
of Notes linked to a basket of Reference Items: 
Reference Items: 
Reference Item 1: Share A 
Reference Item 2: Share B 
Reference Item 3: Share C 
Reference Item Weighting: 
Reference Item 1: 33.33% 
Reference Item 2: 33.33% 
Reference Item 3: 33.33% 
Reference Item Initial Value: 
Reference Item 1: EUR 100 
Reference Item 2: EUR 90 
Reference Item 3: EUR 70 
Barrier Level: 70% of the relevant Reference Item Initial Value 
Type of Valuation: Continuous Valuation 
Barrier Event: Less than 
Calculation Amount: EUR 1,000 
FX Principal Conversion: Not Applicable: PFX = 1 
[CA × (100% – Relevant Weighting) – UC] × PFX

--- Page 157 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-149 
 
 
UC: Zero 
 
Reference Item 
Relevant Barrier Level 
Lowest 
Relevant 
Observation Price 
Barrier Event occurred 
Share A 
70 
60 
Yes 
Share B 
63 
80 
No 
Share C 
49 
66 
No 
Therefore, the Relevant Weighting will be the Weighting of Reference Item 1, i.e. 33.33%, as this is 
the only Reference Item in respect of which a Barrier Event has occurred. 
Barrier Bond Redemption Amount = 
 
45. 
AUTOCALL EARLY REDEMPTION 
Where the Issue Terms relating to a Tranche of Notes specifies that “Autocall” is applicable, based on 
the economic performance of a Reference Item or a basket of Reference Items, following an “Autocall Event”, 
such Notes give the investor a right to receive an Early Redemption Amount, being the Calculation Amount. 
Such Notes may be Index-Linked Notes (linked to an Index or a basket of Indices), Equity-Linked Notes 
(linked to an Underlying Equity or a basket of Underlying Equities), Fund-Linked Notes (linked to a Fund 
Interest or a basket of Fund Interests), Currency-Linked Notes (linked to an FX Rate or a basket of FX Rates) 
or Commodity-Linked Notes (linked to a Commodity or a basket of Commodities). 
Early Redemption Amount 
If an Autocall Event occurs, the Notes will be redeemed early by payment of the Autocall Early 
Redemption Amount in respect of each Calculation Amount (“CA”) being the Calculation Amount. 
An Autocall Event will occur if the Relevant Autocall Performance in respect of a specified autocall 
valuation date (other than the final specified autocall valuation date) is greater than or equal to the Autocall 
Barrier (being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms). 
Relevant Autocall Performance is determined as either (i) the autocall performance of the Reference 
Item (where the Notes relate to a single Reference Item) or (ii) the sum of the weighted autocall performances 
of each of the Reference Items or the performance of the Reference Item which has a performance which is 
ranked the specified number highest or lowest (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) of all of the Reference 
Items (where the Notes relate to a basket of Reference Items). 
The autocall performance of any Reference Item is determined as the value of the relevant Reference 
Item in respect of the relevant specified autocall valuation date divided by the value or the average value of 
the relevant Reference Item in respect of specified initial valuation date(s). 
46. 
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE REFERENCE ITEM(S) AND HISTORIC INTEREST 
RATES IN THE CASE OF VARIABLE RATE NOTES 
Information relating to the past and further performance and volatility of the Reference Item(s) is 
available from internationally recognised published or electronically displayed sources, including the relevant 
source(s) specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 158 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-150 
 
 
Information relating to historic interest rates in the case of Variable Rate Notes is available from 
internationally recognised published or electronically displayed sources, including the relevant electronic 
source referred to in the applicable Relevant Screen Page or Floating Rate Option, in each case, as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
47. 
REFERENCE ITEM-LINKED REDEMPTION AMOUNT = LOCK-IN BOOSTER 
REDEMPTION AMOUNT 
Where the Issue Terms relating to a Tranche of Notes specifies that the Reference Item-Linked 
Redemption Amount is the “Lock-in Booster Redemption Amount” based on the path of the economic 
performance of a Reference Item or a basket of Reference Items, such Notes give the investor a right to receive 
a Final Redemption Amount which will be determined in accordance with the formula set out below. Such 
Notes may be Index-Linked Notes (linked to an Index or a basket of Indices), Equity-Linked Notes (linked to 
an Underlying Equity or a basket of Underlying Equities), Fund-Linked Notes (linked to a Fund Interest or a 
basket of Fund Interests) or Commodity-Linked Notes (linked to a Commodity or a basket of Commodities).  
The Lock-in Booster Redemption Amount in respect of each Calculation Amount (“CA”) will be 
calculated based on the change in value of the relevant Reference Item(s) by reference to the following 
formula: 
(i) 
if American Lock-in Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if Observed 
Performance has at any time been equal to or greater than any Lock-in Level, the Reference 
Item Amount will be an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to the following formula: 
[CA + (CA x PR x Max [Performance; Relevant Lock-in Level]) x OFX]; or 
(ii) 
if American Lock-in Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if Observed 
Performance at all times has been less than any Lock-in Level AND: 
(1) 
Performance is equal to or greater than the Upper Barrier, the Reference Item 
Amount will be an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
[CA + (CA x PR x Performance) x OFX]; or 
(2) 
Performance is less than the Upper Barrier but equal to or greater than the 
Lower Barrier, the Reference Item Amount will be an amount in the Specified 
Currency equal to the Calculation Amount; or 
(3) 
Performance is less than the Lower Barrier, the Reference Item Amount will 
be an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
by reference to the following formula: 
[CA + (CA x Performance)]; or 
(iii) 
if Bermudan Lock-in Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if Observed 
Performance has on any Bermudan Observation Date been equal to or greater than any Lock-
in Level, the Reference Item Amount will be an amount in the Specified Currency determined 
by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
[CA + (CA x PR x Max [Performance; Relevant Lock-in Level]) x OFX]; or

--- Page 159 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-151 
 
 
(iv) 
if Bermudan Lock-in Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if Observed 
Performance on each Bermudan Observation Date has been less than any Lock-in Level AND: 
(1) 
Performance is equal to or greater than the Upper Barrier, the Reference Item 
Amount will be an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
[CA + (CA x PR x Performance) x OFX]; or 
(2) 
Call Performance is less than the Upper Barrier but equal to or greater than 
the Lower Barrier, the Reference Item Amount will be an amount in the 
Specified Currency equal to the Calculation Amount; or 
(3) 
Call Performance is less than the Lower Barrier, the Reference Item Amount 
will be an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to the following formula: 
[CA + (CA x Performance)]. 
Where Performance or Relevant Lock-in Level is multiplied by a participation rate (“PR” ) greater 
than 100%, the effect on the Lock-in Booster Redemption Amount of changes in the level of the relevant 
Reference Item(s) will be magnified. Where the participation rate is less than 100%, the effect of changes in 
the level of the relevant Reference Item(s) will be reduced. 
In addition, where the relevant Issue Terms specify that FX Option Conversion is applicable, the Lock-
in Booster Redemption Amount will reflect changes in the specified exchange rate between the relevant initial 
exchange rate and the relevant final exchange rate on the specified FX valuation date(s) where OFX is applied 
to the relevant formula, as specified above. 
Where Observed Performance is equal to or greater than one or more specified lock-in level(s) during 
the observation period (where American Lock-in Valuation applies) or in respect of any relevant Bermudan 
observation date (where Bermudan Lock-in Valuation applies), the Lock-in Booster Redemption Amount will 
be floored at the highest lock-in level which is exceeded during such period or on such Bermudan observation 
dates and this may operate to increase the Lock-in Booster Redemption Amount compared to what it would 
have been had such lock-in not been applied. However, where the Observed Performance is not equal to or 
greater than any specified lock-in level(s) during such period or on such Bermudan observation dates, the 
Lock-in Booster Redemption Amount will only be equal to or greater than the Calculation Amount in the event 
that the Performance of the Reference Item(s) is greater than the specified lower barrier. 
Observed Performance is determined as Call RI Performance MINUS the Call Strike (being the 
percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms). 
Call RI Performance is determined as either (i) the performance of the Reference Item (where the 
Notes relate to a single Reference Item) or (ii) the sum of the weighted performances of each of the Reference 
Items or the performance of the Reference Item which has a performance which is ranked the specified number 
highest or lowest (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) of all of the Reference Items (where the Notes 
relate to a basket of Reference Items), in each case, during the Observation Period (where American Lock-in 
Valuation applies) or in respect of the relevant Bermudan observation date (where Bermudan Lock-in 
Valuation applies). 
Performance is determined as Relevant Performance MINUS the Call Strike. 
Relevant Performance is determined as either (i) the performance of the Reference Item (where the 
Notes relate to a single Reference Item) or (ii) the sum of the weighted performances of each of the Reference

--- Page 160 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-152 
 
 
Items or the performance of the Reference Item which has a performance which is ranked the specified number 
highest or lowest (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) of all of the Reference Items (where the Notes 
relate to a basket of Reference Items). 
The performance of any Reference Item is determined as the value or the average value of the relevant 
Reference Item in respect of specified final valuation date(s) divided by the value or the average value of the 
relevant Reference Item in respect of specified initial valuation date(s), expressed as a percentage. 
Consequently, if Observed Performance of the Reference Item(s) is equal to or greater than one or 
more specified lock-in level(s) during the observation period (where American Lock-in Valuation applies) or 
in respect of the relevant Bermudan observation date (where Bermudan Lock-in Valuation applies), the Lock-
in Booster Redemption Amount will be floored at the highest lock-in level which is exceeded regardless of the 
performance of the Reference Item(s) on the final valuation date and the Lock-in Booster Redemption Amount 
will be greater than the Calculation Amount. 
However, if Observed Performance of the Reference Item(s) is not equal to or greater than one or more 
specified lock-in level(s) during the observation period (where American Lock-in Valuation applies) or in 
respect of the relevant Bermudan observation date (where Bermudan Lock-in Valuation applies), the Lock-in 
Booster Redemption Amount will depend on the value of the Reference Item(s) on the specified final valuation 
date(s) and: 
(i) 
if the Performance is equal to or greater than the specified upper barrier, the Lock-in Booster 
Redemption Amount will be determined by reference to the Performance and will be greater 
than the Calculation Amount; or 
(ii) 
if the Performance is less than the specified upper barrier but equal to or greater than the 
specified lower barrier, the Lock-in Booster Redemption Amount will be equal to the 
Calculation Amount; or 
(iii) 
if the Performance is less than the lower barrier, the Lock-in Booster Redemption Amount 
will be determined by reference to the Performance and will be less than the Calculation 
Amount. 
Examples of the calculation of the Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Spread Redemption Amount: 
The following examples illustrate how the Lock-in Booster Redemption Amount is calculated in 
respect of Notes linked to one Reference Item where Bermudan Lock-in Valuation applies: 
Reference Item: Share A 
Reference Item Initial Value: EUR 100 
 
Calculation Amount EUR 1,000 
 
Call Strike: 100% 
Participation Rate (PR): 100% 
FX Option Conversion: Not Applicable: FX = 1 
Bermudan Lock-in Valuation: Applicable 
Bermudan Observation Dates: Monthly 
Lock-in Levels: 5%, 10%, 15% 
Upper Barrier: 0% 
Lower Barrier: -15% 
a) 
Observed Performance on one or more Bermudan observation date(s) is equal to or greater 
than any Lock-in Level

--- Page 161 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-153 
 
 
 
Bermudan 
observation 
dates and final 
valuation date 
Value of Reference 
Item for Bermudan 
observation date / 
final valuation date 
RI Performance 
Observed 
Performance 
Equal 
to 
or 
Greater Than a 
Lock-in Level? 
Month 1 
EUR 101 
EUR 101
EUR 100 = 1.01 
Or 101% (expressed as a 
percentage) 
101% - 100% 
= 1% 
NO 
Month 2 
EUR 103 
EUR 103
EUR 100 = 1.03 
Or 103% (expressed as a 
percentage) 
103% - 100% 
= 3% 
NO 
Month 3 
EUR 107 
EUR 107
EUR 100 = 1.07 
Or 107% (expressed as a 
percentage) 
107% - 100% 
= 7% 
YES – exceeds 
5% 
Month 4 
EUR 105 
EUR 105
EUR 100 = 1.05 
Or 105% (expressed as a 
percentage) 
105% - 100% 
= 5% 
YES – equals 
5% 
Month 5 
EUR 111 
EUR 111
EUR 100 = 1.11 
Or 111% (expressed as a 
percentage) 
111% - 100% 
= 11% 
YES – exceeds 
10% 
Final 
valuation 
date 
EUR 99 
EUR 99
EUR 100 = 0.99 
Or 99% (expressed as a 
percentage) 
99% - 100% = 
-1% 
NO 
Therefore the highest Lock-in Level which is exceeded is 10% and the Performance will be determined 
by reference to the following: 
𝐄𝐔𝐑 𝟗𝟗
𝐄𝐔𝐑 𝟏𝟎𝟎−𝟏= −𝟎. 𝟎𝟏 (𝐞𝐱𝐩𝐫𝐞𝐬𝐬𝐞𝐝 𝐚𝐬 𝐚 𝐩𝐞𝐫𝐜𝐞𝐧𝐭𝐚𝐠𝐞, −𝟏%) 
Lock-in Booster Redemption Amount = 
EUR 1,000 + (EUR 1,000 x 100% x Max [-1%; 10%]) x 1 = EUR 1,010 
As the Observed Performance has been equal to or greater than one or more Lock-in Level(s) on one 
or more Bermudan observation date(s), the Lock-in Booster Redemption Amount is equal to or greater than

--- Page 162 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-154 
 
 
the highest Lock-in Level which is exceeded regardless of the performance of the Reference Item on the final 
valuation date. 
b) 
Observed Performance on one or more Bermudan observation date(s) is not equal to or greater 
than any Lock-in Level and Performance is less than the Lower Barrier 
 
Bermudan 
observation date 
and 
final 
valuation date 
Value of Reference 
Item for Bermudan 
observation date / 
final valuation date 
RI Performance 
Observed 
Performance 
Equal 
to 
or 
Greater Than a 
Lock-in Level? 
Month 1 
EUR 101 
EUR 101
EUR 100 = 1.01 
Or 101% (expressed as a 
percentage) 
101% - 100% 
= 1% 
NO 
Month 2 
EUR 103 
EUR 103
EUR 100 = 1.03 
Or 103% (expressed as a 
percentage) 
103% - 100% 
= 3% 
NO 
Month 3 
EUR 104 
EUR 104
EUR 100 = 1.04 
Or 104% (expressed as a 
percentage) 
104% - 100% 
= 4% 
NO 
Month 4 
EUR 99 
EUR 99
EUR 100 = 0.99 
Or 99% (expressed as a 
percentage) 
99% - 100% = 
-1% 
NO 
Month 5 
EUR 90 
EUR 90
EUR 100 = 0.90 
Or 90% (expressed as a 
percentage) 
90% - 100% = 
-10% 
NO 
Final 
valuation 
date 
EUR 83 
EUR 83
EUR 100 = 0.83 
Or 83% (expressed as a 
percentage) 
83% - 100% = 
-17% 
NO 
No Lock-in Level is exceeded and the Performance will be determined by reference to the following: 
𝐄𝐔𝐑 𝟖𝟑
𝐄𝐔𝐑 𝟏𝟎𝟎−𝟏= −𝟎. 𝟏𝟕 (𝐞𝐱𝐩𝐫𝐞𝐬𝐬𝐞𝐝 𝐚𝐬 𝐚 𝐩𝐞𝐫𝐜𝐞𝐧𝐭𝐚𝐠𝐞, −𝟏𝟕%) 
Lock-in Booster Redemption Amount =

--- Page 163 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-155 
 
 
EUR 1,000 + (EUR 1,000 x -17%) x 1 = EUR 830 
As the Observed Performance has not been equal to or greater than one or more Lock-in Level(s) on 
one or more Bermudan observation date(s), the Lock-in Booster Redemption Amount is determined by 
reference to the performance of the Reference Item on the final valuation date and is less than the Calculation 
Amount. 
48. 
REFERENCE ITEM-LINKED REDEMPTION AMOUNT = LOCK-IN CALL REDEMPTION 
AMOUNT 
Where the Issue Terms relating to a Tranche of Notes specifies that the Reference Item-Linked 
Redemption Amount is the “Lock-in Call Redemption Amount” based on the path of the economic 
performance of a Reference Item or a basket of Reference Items, such Notes give the investor a right to receive 
a Final Redemption Amount which will be determined in accordance with the formula set out below. Such 
Notes may be Index-Linked Notes (linked to an Index or a basket of Indices), Equity-Linked Notes (linked to 
an Underlying Equity or a basket of Underlying Equities), Fund-Linked Notes (linked to a Fund Interest or a 
basket of Fund Interests) or Commodity-Linked Notes (linked to a Commodity or a basket of Commodities). 
Lock-in Call Redemption Amount in respect of each Calculation Amount (“CA”) will be calculated 
based on the change in value of the relevant Reference Item(s) by reference to the following formula: 
(i) 
if American Lock-in Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if Observed 
Performance has at any time been equal to or greater than any Lock-in Level, the Reference 
Item Amount will be an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to the following formula: 
[CA + (CA x PR x Max [Call Performance; Relevant Lock-in Level]) x OFX]; or 
(ii) 
if American Lock-in Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if Observed 
Performance at all times has been less than any Lock-in Level AND:  
(1) 
Call Performance is equal to or greater than the Barrier, the Reference Item 
Amount will be an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
[CA + (CA x PR x Call Performance) x OFX]; or 
(2) 
Call Performance is less than the Barrier, the Reference Item Amount will be 
an amount in the Specified Currency equal to the Calculation Amount; or 
(iii) 
if Bermudan Lock-in Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if Observed 
Performance has on any Bermudan Observation Date been equal to or greater than any Lock-
in Level, the Reference Item Amount will be an amount in the Specified Currency determined 
by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
[CA + (CA x PR x Max [Call Performance; Relevant Lock-in Level]) x OFX]; or 
(iv) 
if Bermudan Lock-in Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if Observed 
Performance on each Bermudan Observation Date has been less than any Lock-in Level AND: 
(1) 
Call Performance is equal to or greater than the Barrier, the Reference Item 
Amount will be an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
[CA + (CA x PR x Call Performance) x OFX]; or

--- Page 164 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-156 
 
 
(2) 
Call Performance is less than the Barrier, the Reference Item Amount will be 
an amount in the Specified Currency equal to the Calculation Amount. 
Where Call Performance or Relevant Lock-in Level is multiplied by a participation rate (“PR”) greater 
than 100%, the effect on the Lock-in Call Redemption Amount of changes in the level of the relevant Reference 
Item(s) will be magnified. Where the participation rate is less than 100%, the effect of changes in the level of 
the relevant Reference Item(s) will be reduced. 
In addition, where the relevant Issue Terms specify that FX Option Conversion is applicable, the Lock-
in Call Redemption Amount will reflect changes in the specified exchange rate between the relevant initial 
exchange rate and the relevant final exchange rate on the specified FX valuation date(s) where OFX is applied 
to the relevant formula, as specified above. 
Where Observed Performance is equal to or greater than one or more specified lock-in level(s) during 
the observation period (where American Lock-in Valuation applies) or in respect of any relevant Bermudan 
observation date (where Bermudan Lock-in Valuation applies), the Lock-in Call Redemption Amount will be 
floored at the highest lock-in level which is exceeded during such period or on such Bermudan observation 
dates and this may operate to increase the Lock-in Call Redemption Amount compared to what it would have 
been had such lock-in not been applied. However, where the Observed Performance is not equal to or greater 
than any specified lock-in level(s) during such period or on such Bermudan observation dates, the Lock-in 
Call Redemption Amount will only be greater than the Calculation Amount in the event that the Call 
Performance of the Reference Item(s) is greater than zero. 
Observed Performance is determined as Call RI Performance MINUS the Call Strike (being the 
percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms). 
Call RI Performance is determined as either (i) the performance of the Reference Item (where the 
Notes relate to a single Reference Item) or (ii) the sum of the weighted performances of each of the Reference 
Items or the performance of the Reference Item which has a performance which is ranked the specified number 
highest or lowest (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) of all of the Reference Items (where the Notes 
relate to a basket of Reference Items), in each case, during the Observation Period (where American Lock-in 
Valuation applies) or in respect of the relevant Bermudan observation date (where Bermudan Lock-in 
Valuation applies). 
Call Performance is determined as Relevant Performance MINUS the Call Strike. 
Relevant Performance is determined as either (i) the performance of the Reference Item (where the 
Notes relate to a single Reference Item) or (ii) the sum of the weighted performances of each of the Reference 
Items or the performance of the Reference Item which has a performance which is ranked the specified number 
highest or lowest (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) of all of the Reference Items (where the Notes 
relate to a basket of Reference Items). 
The performance of any Reference Item is determined as the value or the average value of the relevant 
Reference Item in respect of specified final valuation date(s) divided by the value or the average value of the 
relevant Reference Item in respect of specified initial valuation date(s), expressed as a percentage. 
Consequently, if Observed Performance of the Reference Item(s) is equal to or greater than one or 
more specified lock-in level(s) during the observation period (where American Lock-in Valuation applies) or 
in respect of the relevant Bermudan observation date (where Bermudan Lock-in Valuation applies), the Lock-
in Call Redemption Amount will be floored at the highest lock-in level which is exceeded regardless of the 
performance of the Reference Item(s) on the final valuation date and the Lock-in Call Redemption Amount 
will be greater than the Calculation Amount.

--- Page 165 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-157 
 
 
However, if Observed Performance of the Reference Item(s) is not equal to or greater than one or more 
specified lock-in level(s) during the observation period (where American Lock-in Valuation applies) or in 
respect of the relevant Bermudan observation date (where Bermudan Lock-in Valuation applies), the Lock-in 
Call Redemption Amount will depend on the value of the Reference Item(s) on the specified final valuation 
date(s) and: 
(i) 
if the Call Performance is equal to or greater than the specified barrier, the Lock-in Call 
Redemption Amount will be determined by reference to the Call Performance and will be 
greater than the Calculation Amount; or 
(ii) 
if the Call Performance is less than the specified barrier, the Lock-in Call Redemption Amount 
will be equal to the Calculation Amount. 
Examples of the calculation of the Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Spread Redemption Amount: 
The following examples illustrate how the Lock-in Call Redemption Amount is calculated in respect 
of Notes linked to one Reference Item where Bermudan Lock-in Valuation applies: 
Reference Item: Share A 
Reference Item Initial Value: EUR 100 
 
Calculation Amount EUR 1,000 
 
Call Strike: 100% 
Participation Rate (PR): 100% 
FX Option Conversion: Not Applicable: FX = 1 
Bermudan Lock-in Valuation: Applicable 
Bermudan Observation Dates: Monthly 
 
Lock-in Levels: 5%, 10%, 15% 
Barrier: 0% 
a) 
Observed Performance on one or more Bermudan observation date(s) is equal to or greater 
than any Lock-in Level 
Bermudan 
observation 
dates and final 
valuation date 
Value of Reference 
Item for Bermudan 
observation date / 
final valuation date 
RI Performance 
Observed 
Performance 
Equal 
to 
or 
Greater Than a 
Lock-in Level? 
Month 1 
EUR 101 
EUR 101
EUR 100 = 1.01 
Or 101% (expressed as a 
percentage) 
101% - 100% 
= 1% 
NO 
Month 2 
EUR 103 
EUR 103
EUR 100 = 1.03 
Or 103% (expressed as a 
percentage) 
103% - 100% 
= 3% 
NO 
Month 3 
EUR 107 
EUR 107
EUR 100 = 1.07 
107% - 100% 
= 7% 
YES – exceeds 
5%

--- Page 166 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-158 
 
 
Or 107% (expressed as a 
percentage) 
Month 4 
EUR 105 
EUR 105
EUR 100 = 1.05 
Or 105% (expressed as a 
percentage) 
105% - 100% 
= 5% 
YES – equals 
5% 
Month 5 
EUR 111 
EUR 111
EUR 100 = 1.11 
Or 111% (expressed as a 
percentage) 
111% - 100% 
= 11% 
YES – exceeds 
10% 
Final 
valuation 
date 
EUR 99 
EUR 99
EUR 100 = 0.99 
Or 99% (expressed as a 
percentage) 
99% - 100% = 
-1% 
NO 
Therefore the highest Lock-in Level which is exceeded is 10% and the Call Performance will be 
determined by reference to the following: 
𝐄𝐔𝐑 𝟗𝟗
𝐄𝐔𝐑 𝟏𝟎𝟎−𝟏= −𝟎. 𝟎𝟏 (𝐞𝐱𝐩𝐫𝐞𝐬𝐬𝐞𝐝 𝐚𝐬 𝐚 𝐩𝐞𝐫𝐜𝐞𝐧𝐭𝐚𝐠𝐞, −𝟏%) 
Lock-in Call Redemption Amount = 
EUR 1,000 + (EUR 1,000 x 100% x Max [-1%; 10%]) x 1 = EUR 1,010 
As the Observed Performance has been equal to or greater than one or more Lock-in Level(s) on one 
or more Bermudan observation date(s), the Lock-in Call Redemption Amount is equal to or greater than the 
highest Lock-in Level which is exceeded regardless of the performance of the Reference Item on the final 
valuation date. 
b) 
Observed Performance on one or more Bermudan observation date(s) is not equal to or greater 
than any Lock-in Level and Call Performance is less than the Barrier 
Bermudan 
observation date 
and 
final 
valuation date 
Value of Reference 
Item for Bermudan 
observation date / 
final valuation date 
RI Performance 
Observed 
Performance 
Equal 
to 
or 
Greater Than a 
Lock-in Level? 
Month 1 
EUR 101 
EUR 101
EUR 100 = 1.01 
Or 101% (expressed as a 
percentage) 
101% - 100% 
= 1% 
NO 
Month 2 
EUR 103 
EUR 103
EUR 100 = 1.03 
103% - 100% 
= 3% 
NO

--- Page 167 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
A-159 
 
 
Or 103% (expressed as a 
percentage) 
Month 3 
EUR 104 
EUR 104
EUR 100 = 1.04 
Or 104% (expressed as a 
percentage) 
104% - 100% 
= 4% 
NO 
Month 4 
EUR 99 
EUR 99
EUR 100 = 0.99 
Or 99% (expressed as a 
percentage) 
99% - 100% = 
-1% 
NO 
Month 5 
EUR 90 
EUR 90
EUR 100 = 0.90 
Or 90% (expressed as a 
percentage) 
90% - 100% = 
-10% 
NO 
Final 
valuation 
date 
EUR 83 
EUR 83
EUR 100 = 0.83 
Or 83% (expressed as a 
percentage) 
83% - 100% = 
-17% 
NO 
No Lock-in Level is exceeded and the RI Performance and therefore the Observed Performance is less 
than zero on the Final Valuation Date. 
Lock-in Call Redemption Amount = EUR 1,000 
As the Observed Performance has not been equal to or greater than one or more Lock-in Level(s) on 
one or more Bermudan observation date(s) and the Observed Performance on the Final Valuation Date is zero, 
the Lock-in Call Redemption Amount is equal to the Calculation Amount.

--- Page 168 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
 
 
 
 
A-160 
 
 
SECTION A.3- INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
Prospective investors should have regard to the considerations set out below when making any 
investment decision. Terms used but not defined herein have the meanings given to them in the section of this 
Base Prospectus entitled “Risk Factors”. 
Prospective investors must review the relevant documentation 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS MUST REVIEW THE RELEVANT ISSUE TERMS TO 
ASCERTAIN WHAT THE RELEVANT REFERENCE ITEM(S) ARE AND TO SEE HOW ANY 
CASH AMOUNTS AND ANY PERIODIC INTEREST PAYMENTS ARE DETERMINED AND 
WHEN ANY SUCH AMOUNTS ARE PAYABLE BEFORE MAKING ANY DECISION TO 
PURCHASE ANY NOTES. 
Considerations relating to the proposed FTT 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s 
Proposal”) for a Directive for a common FTT to be adopted in certain participating EU member states 
including Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia 
(the “participating Member States”). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. If the 
Commission’s Proposal was adopted, the FTT would be a tax primarily on “financial institutions” (which 
would include the Issuer) in relation to “financial transactions” (which would include the conclusion or 
modification of derivative contracts and the purchase and sale of financial instruments). 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within 
and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where 
at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. 
A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a broad 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State 
or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
The FTT may give rise to tax liabilities for the Issuer with respect to certain transactions if it is adopted 
based on the Commission’s Proposal. Examples of such transactions are the conclusion of a derivative contract 
in the context of the Issuer’s hedging arrangements or the purchase or sale of securities (such as charged 
assets). The Issuer is, in certain circumstances, able to pass on any such tax liabilities to Holders and therefore 
this may result in investors receiving less than expected in respect of the Notes. It should also be noted that 
the FTT could be payable in relation to relevant transactions by investors in respect of the Notes (including 
secondary market transactions) if conditions for a charge to arise are satisfied and the FTT is adopted based 
on the Commission’s Proposal. Primary market transactions referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 
1287/2006 are expected to be exempt. There is however some uncertainty in relation to the intended scope of 
this exemption for certain money market instruments and structured issues. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It 
may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional Member 
States may decide to participate. Prospective Holders are advised to seek their own professional advice in 
relation to the FTT. 
Considerations in relation to potential regulatory initiatives 
 
In Europe, the U.S. and elsewhere there is increased political and regulatory scrutiny of the derivatives 
and structured securities industries. This has resulted in a raft of measures for increased regulation which are 
currently at various stages of implementation and which may restrict investment in certain Notes, have an 
adverse impact on the regulatory position for certain investors and/or on the incentives for certain investors to

--- Page 169 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
 
 
 
 
A-161 
 
 
hold Notes and may thereby also affect the liquidity of such Notes in the secondary market. Investors in the 
Notes are responsible for analysing their own regulatory position and none of the Issuer, the Arranger or the 
Dealers makes any representation to any prospective investor or purchaser of the Notes regarding the 
regulatory treatment of their investment at the time of such investment or at any time in the future. Prospective 
investors should therefore make themselves aware of the changes and requirements applicable to them, in 
addition to any other applicable regulatory requirements with respect to their investment in the Notes. 
Considerations in relation to Green Bonds 
The Issue Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer’s 
intention to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically to finance or 
refinance, in whole or in part, Green Loans (as defined in “Use of Proceeds” below) that promote climate-
friendly and other environmental purposes and such Notes are referred to as “Green Bonds”.  
Prospective investors should make their own independent decision to invest in Green Bonds and as to 
whether an investment in Green Bonds is appropriate or proper for them based upon their own judgement, 
circumstances and investment criteria or guidelines and upon advice from such advisers as they may deem 
necessary. No assurance is given by the Issuer or the Dealers that the use by the Issuer of the net proceeds of 
any Green Bonds will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are 
required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or 
other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates (in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, the relevant 
Green Loans).  
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory 
or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green” or “sustainable” or an equivalently-
labelled loan or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular loan to be defined as “green” or 
“sustainable” or such other equivalent label nor can any assurance be given that such a clear definition or 
consensus will develop over time. Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to investors that any loans or 
uses the subject of, or related to, any Green Loans will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such 
“green”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives (including under Regulation (EU) 
2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the so-called EU 
Taxonomy)) or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the 
implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Green Loans.  
The Issuer has published a framework relating to its investment in Green Loans which is available on 
the Issuer’s website (www.danskebank.com) (the “Issuer’s Green Bond Framework”). This defines the 
Green Loans eligible to be funded by the net proceeds of Green Bonds issued by the Issuer (and other entities 
within the Danske Bank Group) and outlines the process used to identify, select and report on eligible Green 
Loans and how the management of Green Bond proceeds is organised. A Green Bond report will be published 
by the Issuer on an annual basis which will be available on its website in accordance with the Issuer's Green 
Bond Framework. However, investors should note that Green Loans will be recorded on a portfolio basis in 
respect of the Issuer as a whole (and not on a per Green Bond basis) and no other notification will be provided 
to investors as to the investment by the Issuer of an amount equal to the net proceeds of any specific issue of 
Green Bonds. 
The Issuer will strive over time to achieve a level of allocation for Green Loans that matches or exceeds 
the balance of net proceeds from its outstanding Green Bonds. While any Green Bond net proceeds remain 
unallocated to Green Loans, the Issuer will temporarily hold or invest any unallocated net proceeds at its own 
discretion in the manner described in the Issuer's Green Bond Framework.

--- Page 170 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
 
 
 
 
A-162 
 
 
Investors should note that and the Issuer's Green Bond Framework may be amended or updated from 
time to time and investors should therefore refer to the most recent version of the Issuer’s Green Bond 
Framework which will be available on the Issuer’s website.  
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever 
of any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may or may not 
be made available in connection with the issue of any Green Bonds and in particular with any Green Loans to 
fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria and, if given, such opinion or certification 
may be withdrawn or may attest that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which 
such opinion or certification is opining or certifying. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or 
certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any 
such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers 
or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Green Bonds. Any such opinion or certification is only current 
as of the date that opinion was issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of 
any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion 
or certification for the purpose of any investment in such Green Bonds. Currently, the providers of such 
opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific oversight or regulatory or other regime. 
In the event that any such Green Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, 
“environmental”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities 
market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Dealers or any 
other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its 
investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its 
own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct 
or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, 
any Green Loans. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading 
may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance 
given or made by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will 
be obtained in respect of any such Green Bonds or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading 
will be maintained during the life of the Green Bonds. For the avoidance of doubt, the loss of any such listing 
or admission to trading will not give rise to any redemption rights under the terms of the Green Bonds. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Green Bonds 
in, or substantially in, the manner described in this Base Prospectus and/or the relevant Issue Terms, (i) there 
can be no assurance that it will be possible for the Issuer to invest an amount equal to the net proceeds of the 
relevant Green Bonds in Green Loans in accordance with any particular timing schedule and the Issuer may 
temporarily hold or invest any unallocated net proceeds at its own discretion in the manner described in the 
Issuer's Green Bond Framework and (ii) there can be no assurance that any Green Loans will be capable of 
being used in or substantially in the manner or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the 
environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer.  
Any such event or any failure to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any issue of Green 
Bonds for any Green Loans, as aforesaid, will not (i) constitute an event of default or, as the case may be, 
enforcement event under the relevant Green Bonds (ii) create an obligation for the Issuer to redeem the Green 
Bonds; or (iii) give Holders an option to redeem the Green Bonds. In addition and for the avoidance of doubt, 
neither the net proceeds of any Green Bonds nor any amount equal to such net proceeds will be segregated by 
the Issuer from its capital and other assets and there will be no direct or contractual link between any Green 
Bonds and any Green Loans.  
Any Green Bonds may also be subject, as applicable, to any of the other risks highlighted in the section 
“Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes”, including any bail-in and resolution measures 
available under BRRD in the same way as any other Notes issued under the Programme are subject thereto, 
see “The European Union has adopted a bank recovery and resolution directive which is intended to enable a

--- Page 171 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
 
 
 
 
A-163 
 
 
range of actions to be taken in relation to credit institutions and investment firms considered to be at risk of 
failing. Should the Group enter into resolution this could, in certain limited circumstances, ultimately entail 
the bail-in of Notes” above.  
Considerations relating to Credit-Linked Notes 
General considerations 
Following the occurrence of a Credit Event, the Credit-Linked Notes will either (i) cease to bear 
interest, on all or part of the Calculation Amount, or interest will cease to be paid or the interest amount will 
be reduced, as applicable, from the Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date immediately preceding the 
Credit Event Determination Date if “Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event” is specified as Not Applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms, or (ii) cease to bear interest, on all or part of the Calculation Amount, as applicable, 
from the Credit Event Determination Date if “Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event” is specified as being 
Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
Credit Derivative Determinations Committees were established pursuant to the 2009 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees and Auction Settlement Supplement to the 2003 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (published on 12 March 2009) to make determinations that are relevant to the majority 
of the credit derivatives market and to promote transparency and consistency.  In respect of a Credit Event 
relating to Credit-Linked Notes, prospective purchasers should note that the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has the power to make binding decisions on critical issues. The particular risks associated with this 
are set out in the section of this Base Prospectus entitled “Risk Factors”. 
Settlement Suspension, Adjustments and Interest Provisions 
If, following the determination of a Credit Event Determination Date but prior to an applicable Valuation Date, 
ISDA publicly announces that the conditions to convening a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to 
determine the occurrence of a Credit Event have been satisfied, the Calculation Agent may at its option 
determine that the applicable timing requirements of the Reference Item Conditions and the definitions of 
Credit Event Redemption Date, Valuation Date, Valuation Obligation Observation Settlement Period, VSN 
Cut-off Date and any other Reference Item Condition as determined by the Calculation Agent shall toll and be 
suspended and remain suspended (such period of suspension, a “Suspension Period”) until such time as ISDA 
subsequently publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has resolved 
(a) that a Credit Event has or has not occurred or (b) not to determine such matters.  Once ISDA has publicly 
announced that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has made such resolution, the 
relevant timing requirements of the Reference Item Conditions that have previously tolled or been suspended 
shall resume on the Business Day following such public announcement by ISDA. 
In the case of interest bearing Credit-Linked Notes, if a Suspension Period falls in any one or more 
Interest Periods, then no interest shall accrue during each portion of an Interest Period during which a 
Suspension Period exists and if an Interest Payment Date falls in a Suspension Period, such Interest Payment 
Date will be deferred until after the end of the Suspension Period, all subject to Interest Payout Conditions 0 
and 6 and the provisions of Reference Item Schedule 2. 
In the event of any such Suspension Period, the Calculation Agent may make (i) such consequential 
or other adjustment(s) or determination(s) to or in relation to the Terms and Conditions as may be desirable or 
required either during or following any relevant Suspension Period to account for or reflect such suspension 
and (ii) determine the effective date of such adjustment(s) or determination(s).

--- Page 172 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
 
 
 
 
A-164 
 
 
Differences between the 2003 ISDA Definitions and the 2014 ISDA Definitions 
The Issuer has issued Credit-Linked Notes under previous base prospectuses in respect of the 
Programme.  Such previous Credit-Linked Notes reflected certain provisions of the 2003 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (as supplemented, the “2003 ISDA Definitions”).  There are a number of important 
differences between the 2003 ISDA Definitions and the 2014 ISDA Definitions.  In particular the 2014 ISDA 
Definitions have: 
(i) 
introduced a new Credit Event of “Governmental Intervention”, which is intended to capture 
“bail-in” procedures to which financial institutions may be subject; 
(ii) 
made certain amendments to the Restructuring Credit Event to provide for the possibility of a 
Euro exit; 
(iii) 
reduced the number of buckets applicable in circumstances where Mod Mod R is applicable 
and deleted the concept of the “Enabling Obligation” which was previously applicable to both 
Mod R and Mod Mod R; 
(iv) 
introduced the concept of Asset Package Delivery in respect of certain Financial Reference 
Entities and Sovereigns.  This provides that if Deliverable Obligations are exchanged into 
non-Deliverable assets or written-down in part or in full, in certain circumstances, the credit 
protection buyer will be able to deliver the resultant package of Assets or the written-down 
Deliverable Obligation to realise its protection; 
(v) 
split credit protection between senior and subordinated coverage in respect of a Governmental 
Intervention and Restructuring Credit Event for Financial Reference Entities, i.e. a Senior 
Transaction will only be triggered by a Restructuring or Governmental Intervention of Senior 
Obligations and a Subordinated Transaction will not be capable of being triggered by a 
Restructuring or Governmental Intervention of an obligation which is Subordinated to the 
Subordinated Reference Obligation; 
(vi) 
made a number of changes to the provisions for determining a Successor to a Reference Entity, 
particularly with respect to Financial and Sovereign Reference Entities; 
(vii) 
provided for a new election of “Standard Reference Obligation” which, if chosen, will mean 
that the Reference Obligation will be the obligation of the relevant seniority level published 
in respect of the relevant Reference Entity on a List maintained by ISDA.  A transaction on 
the terms of the 2014 ISDA Definitions may elect not to apply that election such that the 
Reference Obligation would remain as chosen by the parties, although, if this is the case, the 
procedure for selecting a Substitute Reference Obligation has also changed significantly in 
the 2014 ISDA Definitions; 
(viii) 
replaced the Not Contingent Deliverable Obligation Characteristic with the concept of 
Outstanding Principal Balance.  In order for an obligation (including the Reference 
Obligation) to constitute a Deliverable Obligation, it must have an Outstanding Principal 
Balance greater than zero; 
(ix) 
amended the definition of “Qualifying Guarantee” to expand the universe of guarantees that 
can constitute Qualifying Guarantees (with a particular emphasis on including, to some extent, 
guarantees with caps or transfer provisions); and 
(x) 
introduced a large number of technical and other changes.

--- Page 173 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
 
 
 
 
A-165 
 
 
Considerations relating to Equity-Linked Notes 
General considerations 
Additional extraordinary events for the purposes of “Extraordinary Events” are: the implementation 
of any material change to the terms and conditions of a fund, any breach of the investment objectives of a fund, 
the failure by a fund administrator to calculate and make available the value of the fund within eight scheduled 
trading days of its scheduled publication, a material limitation or restriction is imposed on dealings or 
subscriptions and/or redemptions in any Fund Interests or there is a material reduction in the assets under 
management of a Fund, the annualised volatility of a Fund exceeds the prescribed percentage during any one-
month rolling time period, the compulsory redemption of fund interests, a fund is wound up or terminated, a 
fund is superseded by a successor fund which does not satisfy the control procedures of the Calculation Agent, 
the cancellation or suspension of any relevant registration, license or approval in respect of the fund or any 
other event which has, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, an analogous effect. 
Considerations relating to Fund-Linked Notes 
General considerations 
Additional extraordinary events for the purposes of “Extraordinary Fund Events” are: the 
implementation of any material change to the terms and conditions of a fund, any breach of the investment 
objectives of a fund, the imposition of subscription or redemption fees, the failure by a fund administrator to 
calculate and make available the value of the fund within eight fund business days of its scheduled publication 
or fails to communicate any material information to the Calculation Agent, any relevant regulator places a 
fund or any relevant fund service provider under review, the compulsory redemption of fund interests, a 
material limitation or restriction is imposed on dealings or subscriptions and/or redemptions in any Fund 
Interests or there is a material reduction in the assets under management of a Fund, a fund is wound up or 
terminated, a fund is superseded by a successor fund which does not satisfy the control procedures of the 
Calculation Agent, the cancellation or suspension of any relevant registration, license or approval of the fund 
or any relevant fund service provider, any relevant fund service provider is replaced by the fund other than 
where such replacement entity which satisfies the control procedures of the Calculation Agent or the fund 
administrator is required to consolidate the fund or any other event which has, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, an analogous effect. 
Any adjustment made pursuant to a “Potential Adjustment Event” may include a “monetisation” 
whereby the Calculation Agent may determine the value of the fund interest affected by the Extraordinary 
Fund Event (the “affected fund interest”) and shall either (i) replace the affected fund interest with a successor 
fund interest having similar characteristics and objectives to affected fund interest, where the value of the 
successor fund interest is as near as reasonably practicable to the value of the affected fund interest, and make 
such adjustments to the terms of the Notes to account for the relevant substitution or (ii) if no such successor 
can reasonably be determined, the value of the fund interest so determined shall be deemed to be the value of 
the affected fund interest on the relevant removal date. For each succeeding day thereafter such value shall 
accrue interest at the relevant interest rate determined in accordance with the provisions hereof and amounts 
payable in respect of the Notes shall be determined by reference to such value (taking into account the accrued 
interest). 
Regulation of benchmarks 
Key international regulatory initiatives relating to the reform of benchmarks include (i) the 
International Organisation of Securities Commissions' (“IOSCO”) Principles for Financial Benchmarks (as 
set out in IOSCO's Final Report on Principles for Financial Benchmarks (FR07/13), as recently supplemented 
by IOSCO's Report on Guidance on the IOSCO Principles for Financial Benchmarks (FR 13/2016), the IOSCO 
Principles) and (ii) Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 
on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance

--- Page 174 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
 
 
 
 
A-166 
 
 
of investment funds and amending Directive 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EC and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 
(the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”) and (iii) Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation” and together with the EU Benchmarks Regulation, 
the “Benchmarks Regulations”). The IOSCO Principles aim to create an overarching framework of principles 
for benchmarks to be used in financial markets, specifically covering (among other things) governance and 
accountability as well as the quality, integrity and transparency of benchmark design, determination and 
methodologies. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation was published in the Official Journal of the EU on 29 June 2016 and 
most provisions apply, subject to certain transitional provisions, from 1 January 2018. The EU Benchmarks 
Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use 
of a benchmark within the EU. Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised 
or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) 
and to comply with extensive requirements in relation to the administration of benchmarks and (ii) prevents 
certain uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered 
(or, if non-EU-based, deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
The UK Benchmarks Regulation among other things applies to the provision of benchmarks and the 
use of a benchmark in the United Kingdom. Similarly, it requires UK benchmark administrators to be 
authorised or registered and comply with relevant requirements and it prohibits the use in the United Kingdom 
by United Kingdom supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the United 
Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority (the “FCA”) or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-United 
Kingdom based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The scope of the Benchmarks Regulations is wide and, in addition to so-called "critical benchmark" 
indices, such as LIBOR or EURIBOR, apply to many interest rates, foreign exchange rates and indices 
(including equity, commodity and "proprietary" indices or strategies) where used to determine the amount 
payable under or the value or performance of certain financial instruments traded on a trading venue (EU or 
UK regulated market, EU or UK multilateral trading facility (“MTF”) or EU or UK organised trading facility 
(“OTF”)) or via a systematic internaliser, certain financial contracts and certain investment funds. The 
requirements of the Benchmarks Regulations are intended to take into account the systemic significance, 
perceived risk profile and certain other relevant characteristics of different types of benchmarks. 
Reform and replacement of Interbank Offered Rates 
The sustainability of LIBOR has been questioned as a result of the absence of relevant active 
underlying markets and possible disincentives (including possibly as a result of benchmark reforms) for market 
participants to continue contributing to such benchmarks. The FCA has indicated through a series of 
announcements that LIBOR will not continue on the current basis. In particular, on 5 March 2021, ICE 
Benchmark Administration Limited (“IBA”), the authorised and regulated administrator of LIBOR announced 
its intention to cease the publication of all 35 LIBOR settings on 31 December 2021, or for certain USD LIBOR 
settings, on 30 June 2023 (the “IBA Announcement”). The IBA notified the Financial Conduct Authority 
(“FCA”) of its intention and on the same date, the FCA published an announcement on the future cessation 
and loss of representativeness of the 35 LIBOR settings (the “FCA Announcement”). Pursuant to the FCA 
Announcement, all LIBOR settings will either cease to be provided by an administrator or no longer be 
representative: (i) immediately after 31 December 2021, in the case of all euro LIBOR and Swiss franc LIBOR 
settings, the spot next, 1-week, 2-month and 12-month Japanese yen LIBOR settings, the overnight, 1-week, 
2-month and 12-month sterling LIBOR settings, and the 1-week and 2-month U.S. dollar LIBOR settings; and 
(ii) immediately after 30 June 2023, in the case of the overnight, 1-month, 3-month, 6-month and 12-month 
U.S. dollar LIBOR settings. In relation to the remaining LIBOR settings (that is, the 1-month, 3-month and 6-
month sterling, U.S. dollar and Japanese yen LIBOR settings), the FCA will consult or continue to consider 
the case for using its powers to require IBA to continue publishing these settings on a ‘synthetic’ basis, though 
publication of the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month Japanese yen LIBOR settings would cease permanently at 
the end of 2022. Nevertheless, the FCA confirmed that, even if it does require IBA to continue publishing any

--- Page 175 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
 
 
 
 
A-167 
 
 
of these nine remaining LIBOR settings on a ‘synthetic’ basis, such settings will no longer be representative 
of the underlying market and the economic reality that such settings are intended to measure and 
representativeness will not be restored. Therefore, after 31 December 2021 (or 30 June 2023 in relation to the 
overnight, 1-month, 3-month, 6-month and 12-month U.S. dollar LIBOR settings) all LIBOR settings will 
either cease to be provided by any administrator or will no longer be representative. 
Separately, the euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding 
principles and high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro 
denominated cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among 
other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts without robust fallback provisions 
may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. 
Together with other developments, relevant authorities are strongly encouraging the transition away 
from LIBOR and other Interbank Offered Rates (“IBORs”), such as EURIBOR, and have identified “risk free 
rates” to eventually take the place of such IBORs as primary benchmarks (the “Risk Free Rates”). This 
includes (i) for sterling LIBOR, a reformed Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”), so that SONIA 
may be established as the primary sterling interest rate benchmark by the end of 2021, (ii) for EONIA and 
EURIBOR, a new Euro Short-Term Rate (“€STR”) as the new euro risk-free rate, (iii) for Swiss franc LIBOR, 
the Swiss Average Rate Overnight rate (“SARON”) and (iv) for USD LIBOR, the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate (“SOFR”) to be eventually established as the primary U.S. dollar interest rate benchmark. 
Each of these Risk Free Rates is “backward-looking”, meaning that each such rate is calculated at the end of 
the relevant tenor rather than the beginning. Forward-looking Risk Free Rates are not generally available as of 
the date of this Base Prospectus and there is no certainty that a forward-looking Risk Free Rate will be available 
in respect of any currency or any particular product in the future. 
Whilst IBORs are forward-looking term rates that embed bank credit risk, the Risk Free Rates 
identified as of the date of this Base Prospectus are overnight rates and are intended to be nearly risk-free. As 
Risk Free Rates are comparatively new, less historical date data is available than for IBORs and any 
hypothetical or historical performance data and trends that may exist in respect of Risk Free Rates are not 
indicative of, and have no bearing on, the potential performance of Risk Free Rates. The future performance 
of any Risk Free Rate is impossible to predict, and therefore no future performance of any Risk Free Rate 
should be inferred from any hypothetical or historical data or trends and investors should be aware that SONIA, 
SOFR, €STR and SARON may behave materially differently from IBORs as interest reference rates and could 
provide a worse return over time than an IBOR. Moreover, daily changes in Risk Free Rates have, on occasion, 
been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or market rates. 
The market continues to develop in relation to Risk Free Rates as reference rates in the capital markets. 
Market terms for notes linked to SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON and/or any other Risk Free Rate, such as the 
spread over the relevant rate reflected in interest rate provisions, may evolve over time and, as a result, trading 
prices of the notes linked to SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON and/or any other Risk Free Rate may be lower 
than those of later-issued notes linked to the same rate. The market or a significant part thereof (including the 
Issuer) may adopt an application of the Risk Free Rates that differs significantly from the Risk Free Rates 
identified as of the date of this Base Prospectus. In addition, the manner of adoption or application of the Risk 
Free Rates in the Eurobond markets may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of the 
Risk Free Rates in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets.

--- Page 176 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
 
 
 
B-1 
 
 
SECTION B 
 - DOCUMENTS 
SECTION B.1  - DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The Annual Reports of the Group for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 
2019 (respectively, the “Annual Report 2020” and the “Annual Report 2019”, respectively, and together, 
the “Annual Reports”) and the Interim Report – First Quarter 2021 (the “Interim report first quarter 2021”) 
of the Group for the first quarter period ended 31 March 2021 shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to 
form part of, this Base Prospectus, excluding the following sections: 
(i) 
in respect of the Annual Report 2020: 
 
the section “Outlook for 2021” of the “Executive summary” on page 9; 
 
the infographic “Our 2023 ambitions for our key stakeholders” in the section “Strategy 
execution” on page 10; 
 
the first paragraph of the sub-section “Shareholders” in the section “Strategy execution” 
on page 12; and 
 
the fourth paragraph of the sub-section “Shareholders” in the section “Strategy 
execution” on page 13 starting with “In addition, we used 2020….”; 
(ii) 
in respect of the Annual Report 2019: 
 
the section “Outlook for 2020” of the “Executive summary” on page 11 thereof; 
 
the last bullet under “Better Bank 2023” of the “Strategy execution” section on page 16 
thereof; and 
 
the last paragraph under “Improved profitability” of the “Strategy execution” section on 
page 17 thereof; 
(iii) 
in respect of the Interim report first quarter 2021: 
 
the section “Outlook for 2021” of the “Executive summary” on page 5 thereof. 
The section “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” from the following base prospectuses and prospectus 
supplements relating to the Programme shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base 
Prospectus: 
(i) 
Reference Item-Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 21 June 2013 (pages F-1 to F-116 
inclusive), as supplemented by a Prospectus Supplement dated 19 February 2014 (pages 60 to 
69); and 
(ii) 
Structured Rates, Reference Item and Credit-Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 30 
September 2013 (pages F-1 to F-126 inclusive), as supplemented by a Prospectus Supplement 
dated 14 February 2014 (pages 3 to 11);  
(iii) 
Reference Item-Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 20 June 2014 (pages F-1 to F-115 
inclusive);  
(iv) 
Base Prospectus dated 19 September 2014 (pages F1-F210 inclusive), as supplemented by 
Prospectus Supplement dated 6 November 2014 (pages 2-3), a Prospectus Supplement dated

--- Page 177 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
 
 
 
B-2 
 
 
5 December 2014 (pages 76-78) and a Prospectus Supplement dated 24 March 2015 (pages 
85-97);  
(v) 
Base Prospectus dated 23 June 2015 (pages F1-F212 inclusive); 
(vi) 
Base Prospectus dated 22 June 2016 (pages F1-F228 inclusive);  
(vii) 
Base Prospectus dated 20 June 2017 (pages F1 – F227 inclusive);  
(viii) 
Base Prospectus dated 19 June 2018 (pages F1-F232 inclusive);  
(ix) 
Base Prospectus dated 18 June 2019 (pages F1-F302 inclusive); and 
(x) 
Base Prospectus dated 17 June 2020 (pages E-1 to E-305 inclusive).  
In relation to each of the documents deemed to be incorporated in this Base Prospectus, the non-
incorporated parts are either not relevant for the investor or are covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, prepare 
a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Notes. 
Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference 
therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify 
or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus. 
The sources of the consolidated financial statements (including the auditors’ reports thereon and notes 
thereto) in the Annual Reports incorporated by reference herein are as follows: 
 
Information 
Source 
Income Statement for the Group for the year ended 
31 December 2020  
Annual Report 2020 pg. 74 
Statement of Comprehensive Income for the Group 
for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Annual Report 2020 pg. 75 
Balance Sheet for the Group as at 31 December 2020  Annual Report 2020 pg. 76 
Statement of Capital for the Group for the year ended 
31 December 2020  
Annual Report 2020 pgs. 77-79 
Cash Flow Statement for the Group as at and for the 
year ended 31 December 2020  
Annual Report 2020 pg. 80 
Notes to the Financial Statements for the Group as at 
and for the year ended 31 December 2020  
Annual Report 2020 pgs. 81-215 
Statement by the Management as at and for the year 
ended 31 December 2020  
Annual Report 2020 pg. 238

--- Page 178 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
 
 
 
B-3 
 
 
Independent Auditor’s Report for the Group for the 
year ended 31 December 2020  
Annual Report 2020 pgs. 239-243 
Income Statement for the Group for the year ended 31 
December 2019 
Annual Report 2019 pg. 70 
Statement of Comprehensive Income for the Group for 
the year ended 31 December 2019 
Annual Report 2019 pg. 71 
Balance Sheet for the Group for the year ended 31 
December 2019 
Annual Report 2019 pg. 72 
Statement of Capital for the Group for the year ended 
31 December 2019 
Annual Report 2019 pgs. 73-76 
Cash Flow Statement for the Group as at and for the 
year ended 31 December 2019  
Annual Report 2019 pg. 77 
Notes to the Financial Statements for the Group as at 
and for the year ended 31 December 2019 
Annual Report 2019 pgs. 78-211 
Statement by the Management as at and for the year 
ended 31 December 2019 
Annual Report 2019 pg. 236 
Independent Auditor’s Report for the Group for the 
year ended 31 December 2019 
Annual Report 2019 pgs. 237-241 
The sources of the consolidated financial statements (and notes thereto) in the Interim Report first 
quarter 2021 incorporated by reference herein are as follows: 
 
Information 
Source 
Income Statement for the Group for the first quarter 
period ended 31 March 2021 
Interim Report first quarter 2021 pg. 24 
Statement of Comprehensive Income for the Group 
for the first quarter period ended 31 March 2021 
Interim Report first quarter 2021 pg. 25 
Balance Sheet for the Group for the first quarter 
period ended 31 March 2021 
Interim Report first quarter 2021 pg. 26 
Statement of Capital for the Group for the first 
quarter period ended 31 March 2021 
Interim Report first quarter 2021 pgs. 27-28 
Cash Flow Statement for the Group as at and for the 
first quarter period ended 31 March 2021 
Interim Report first quarter 2021 pg. 29 
Notes to the Financial Statements as at and for the 
first quarter period ended 31 March 2021 
Interim Report first quarter 2021 pgs. 30-61 
Statement by the Management as at and for the first 
quarter period ended 31 March 2021 
Interim Report first quarter 2021 pg. 62

--- Page 179 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
 
 
 
B-4 
 
 
Independent Auditors’ Review Report for the Group 
for the first quarter period ended 31 March 2021 
Interim Report first quarter 2021 pg. 63 
The Annual Report 2020 incorporated by reference herein can be viewed online at 
https://danskebank.com/-/media/danske-bank-com/file-cloud/2021/2/annual-report-
2020.pdf?rev=9b5fb72dd4dc4c80b191abe5b15df305. 
The Annual Report 2019 incorporated by reference herein can be viewed online at 
https://danskebank.com/-/media/danske-bank-com/file-cloud/2020/2/annual-report-
2019.pdf?rev=ce58f68c871c451ab82c07640edbc51f. 
The Interim Report first quarter 2021 incorporated by reference herein can be viewed online at 
https://danskebank.com/-/media/danske-bank-com/file-cloud/2021/4/danske-bank-interim-report-first-
quarter-
2021.pdf?rev=e02c4a59b64c42ffbb1adf2055808841&hash=B4BB76B02590F29937AE8F1886B8A96A. 
This Base Prospectus is, and any supplements hereto will be, available for viewing at 
https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin. 
The Previous Terms and Conditions incorporated by reference herein can be viewed online at 
https://danskebank.com/investor-relations/debt/funding-programmes.

--- Page 180 ---
B-5 
 
 
SECTION B.2 - DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE FOR INSPECTION 
For as long as the Programme remains valid with the Central Bank, copies of the following documents 
will be available on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin: 
(a) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms relating to Notes which are admitted to 
trading on the Regulated Market and any Pricing Supplement relating to Exempt Notes which 
are admitted to trading on the Global Exchange Market; and 
(b) 
any supplements to this Base Prospectus, any future base prospectuses relating to the 
Programme and any supplements to future base prospectuses relating to the Programme. 
For as long as the Programme remains valid with the Central Bank, copies of the following documents 
will be available on the website of the Issuer at www.danskebank.com: 
(a) 
the Articles of Association of the Issuer; 
(b) 
all reports, letters, and other documents, valuation and statements prepared by any expert at 
the Issuer’s request any part of which is included or referred to in this Base Prospectus; 
(c) 
the Annual Reports and the Interim Report first quarter 2021 (as defined in “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”); 
(d) 
the Base Prospectuses setting out the Previous Terms and Conditions;  
(e) 
any other documents incorporated herein by reference from time to time;  
(f) 
any Final Terms relating to Notes which are admitted to trading on the Regulated Market and 
any Pricing Supplement relating to Exempt Notes which are admitted to trading on the Global 
Exchange Market.

--- Page 181 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE DANSKE BANK GROUP 
 
 
 
 
C-1 
 
 
SECTION C 
 - DESCRIPTION OF THE DANSKE BANK GROUP 
The general corporate structure of the Danske Bank Group (the “Danske Bank Group” or 
the “Group”) is as shown below: 
 
Overview 
The Group is the leading financial service provider in Denmark (source: the DFSA) measured by total 
working capital as at 30 September 2020, and one of the largest in the Nordic region measured by total assets 
as at 31 December 2020. The Group offers customers a wide range of services in the fields of banking, 
mortgage finance, insurance, pension, real-estate brokerage, asset management and trading in fixed income 
products, foreign exchange and equities. The Issuer is the largest bank in Denmark (source: the DFSA), is one 
of the larger banks in Finland and Northern Ireland, and has challenger positions in Sweden and Norway. As 
at 31 December 2020, the Group’s total assets amounted to DKK 4,109 billion (EUR 552.4 billion)1 and the 
Group employed 22,376 full-time equivalent employees. As at the same date, the Group had approximately 
3.3 million customers and approximately 2.4 million customers used the Group’s online services. The Group 
had 191 branches as at 31 December 2020. 
Danske Bank A/S (“Danske Bank” or the “Issuer”) is the parent company of the Group. Danske Bank 
is a Nordic bank with bridges to the rest of the world, and its core markets are Denmark, Sweden, Norway and 
Finland. In these countries, it serves all types of customers, from retail customers and commercial to large 
corporate and institutional customers. It also operates in Northern Ireland, where it serves both retail and 
commercial customers. The Group has additional offices in several other European countries including a 
subsidiary in Luxembourg and branch offices in Poland, Germany and the U.K., where its main offerings are 
solutions for Nordic and local businesses as well as private banking clients. The Group also conducts broker-
dealer activities in the United States. 
The registered office of the Issuer is at 2-12 Holmens Kanal, DK-1092 Copenhagen K, Denmark, with 
telephone number +45 33 44 00 00 and Danish corporate registration number 61126228. 
The Issuer’s History and Development 
The Issuer was founded in Denmark and registered on 5 October 1871 and has, through the years, 
merged with a number of financial institutions. The Issuer is a commercial bank with limited liability and 
carries on business under the Danish Financial Business Act. The Issuer is registered with the Danish Business 
Authority. 
Organisational Structure and Business Units 
On 25 August 2020, the Issuer announced adjustments to its organisation which will combine Banking 
DK and Banking Nordic in Personal & Business Customers and combine C&I and Asset Management in Large 
Corporates & Institutions effective 1 January 2021. 
                                                     
1  
Unless specified, DKK amounts are converted into EUR at FX rate = 7.4451 DKK per EUR.

--- Page 182 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE DANSKE BANK GROUP 
 
 
 
 
C-2 
 
 
Personal & Business Customers 
Personal & Business Customers serves personal customers and small and medium-sized business customers 
across all markets. This unit is headed by Glenn Söderholm. 
Large Corporates & Institutions 
Large Corporates & Institutions serves large corporates and institutional customers across all markets. 
This unit is headed by Berit Behring. 
Shareholders’ equity 
The Issuer’s shareholders’ equity was DKK 160.2 billion (EUR 21.5 billion) as at the end of 2020, as 
against total equity at 1 January 2020 of DKK 156.3 billion (EUR 20.9 billion)2.  
At year-end 2020, the Issuer’s authorised and issued share capital totalled DKK 8,621,846,210 (EUR 
1.159 billion) based on 862,184,621 shares of DKK 10 (EUR 1.339) each. The Issuer’s shares are listed on 
Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S.  
At year-end 2020, the Issuer had approximately 299,000 shareholders. According to the Danish 
Companies Act, shareholders must notify a company if their shareholding exceeds 5 per cent. of the company’s 
share capital or if any change occurs in a previously notified shareholding to the effect that the 5, 10, 15, 20, 
25, 50, 90 or 100 per cent. thresholds and the thresholds of one-third or two-thirds of the voting rights or the 
share capital are reached or no longer reached.  
At year-end 2020, one shareholder group had notified the Issuer of holding 5 per cent. or more of the 
Issuer’s share capital and voting rights:  
 
A.P. Møller-Holding Group held a total (directly and indirectly) of more than 20.0 per 
cent. of the shares and the voting rights of the Issuer. 
The Issuer estimates that, at year-end 2020, 57 per cent. of its share capital was held by investors 
inside of Denmark and 43 per cent. of its share capital was held by investors outside of Denmark. Most foreign 
investors are based in the United States and the United Kingdom. 
Capital and Solvency 
The Group’s capital base consists of tier 1 capital (common equity tier 1 capital and additional tier 1 
capital instruments) and tier 2 capital. At 31 December 2020, the capital base of the Group amounted to DKK 
180.1 billion (EUR 24.2 billion), the total capital ratio for the Group was 23.0 per cent., with a common equity 
tier 1 capital ratio of 18.3 per cent. and a tier 1 capital ratio of 20.5 per cent. At 31 December 2020, the total 
capital ratio for the Issuer was 26.3 per cent. with a common equity tier 1 (“CET1”) ratio of 21.0 per cent. and 
a tier 1 capital ratio of 23.5 per cent. 
At the end of 2020, the Group’s REA amounted to DKK 784 billion (EUR 105.4 billion), against DKK 
767 billion (EUR 102.7 billion)3 at the end of 2019. The increase in REA is mainly driven by an increase in 
credit risk REA of DKK 17.4 billion (EUR 2.3 billion) due to increased credit exposure and preparation for 
the implementation of a new regulatory definition of default. The REA for market risk decreased by DKK 0.2 
billion (EUR 0.03 billion) together with the REA for operational risk, which decreased by DKK 0.7 billion 
(EUR 0.1 billion) due to a decrease in income (year-end 2020 compared against year-end 2019). The REA for 
counterparty credit risk increased by DKK 0.5 billion (EUR 0.07 billion) from the 2019 level. 
                                                     
2  
FX rate at 1 January 2020 = 7.4719 DKK per EUR. 
3  
FX rate at 31 December 2019 = 7.4698 DKK per EUR.

--- Page 183 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE DANSKE BANK GROUP 
 
 
 
 
C-3 
 
 
The following table below shows the total capital ratio, tier 1 capital ratio and common equity tier 1 
capital ratio. The second table shows the risk exposure amounts, tier 2 capital instruments and additional tier 
1 capital instruments. 
 
Danske Bank Group  
 
 
(%) 
31 Dec. 2020 
31 Dec. 2019 
Total 
capital 
ratio
 ..........................................................................................................  
23.0 
22.7 
Tier 
1 
capital 
ratio
 ..........................................................................................................  
20.5 
20.4 
Common equity tier 1 capital ratio, excluding hybrid core 
capital
 ..........................................................................................................  
18.3 
17.3 
Note: The ratios are calculated in accordance with the Danish Financial Business Act. 
Source: Annual Report 2020, pg. 79. 
Danske Bank Group 
(DKKm) 
(EURm) 
 
31 Dec. 
2020 
31 Dec. 
2019 
31 Dec. 
2020 
31 Dec. 2019 
Risk exposure amount 
 .......................................  
784,184 
767,177 
105,411 
102,704 
Additional tier 1 capital 
instruments 
17,282 
23,944 
2,323 
3,205 
Tier 2 capital instruments
 .......................................  
19,108 
17,598 
2,569 
2,356 
Exchange 
Rate 
(DKK/EUR)
 .......................................  
 
 
7.4393 
7.4698 
Source: (DKK amounts) Annual Report 2020, pg. 79. 
On 3 May 2018, the DFSA ordered the Board of Directors and the Executive Board (since re-named 
to the Executive Leadership Team) to reassess the Issuer’s and the Group’s solvency need in order to ensure 
an adequate internal capital coverage of compliance and reputational risks as a result of weaknesses in the 
Group’s governance. The DFSA initially estimated that a Pillar 2 add-on should amount to at least DKK 5 
billion (EUR 0.67 billion)4. On 4 October 2018, the DFSA ordered the Group to reassess its solvency need 
with a view to adding an absolute minimum of DKK 10 billion (EUR 1.34 billion)5 to the Group’s Pillar 2 
requirement (including the DKK 5 billion Pillar 2 add-on ordered in the DFSA decision dated 3 May 2018).  
The DKK 10 billion is required to be fully met with CET1 capital and constituted 1.3 percentage points of the 
solvency need as of end December 2019. 
At the end of December 2020, the Group’s solvency need was 12.6 per cent., a decrease of 0.1 
percentage points from the level at the end of 2019. As of 31 December 2020, the Group’s total capital ratio 
was 23.0 per cent. and the CET1 capital ratio was 18.3 per cent. 
                                                     
4  
FX rate at 3 May 2018 = 7.4497 DKK per EUR. 
5  
FX rate at 4 October 2018 = 7.4567 DKK per EUR.

--- Page 184 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE DANSKE BANK GROUP 
 
 
 
 
C-4 
 
 
Subordinated debt and additional tier 1 capital  
During 2020, the Issuer issued one tier 2 capital instrument (on 2 September 2020). The instrument issued 
had a nominal value of EUR 500 million (DKK 3,720.6 million)6. The Group redeemed two tier 2 capital 
instruments (on 9 December 2020 and 18 December 2020). The instruments had nominal values of DKK 1,150 
million (EUR 155 million)7 and CHF 150 million (EUR 138 million)8, respectively. During the first five months of 
2021, the Issuer issued one tier 2 capital instrument (on 15 February 2021) and one additional tier 1 instrument (on 
18 May 2021). The tier 2 instrument had a nominal value of EUR 750 million (DKK 5,577 million)9 and the 
additional tier 1 had a nominal value of USD 750 million (DKK 4,565)10. The Group redeemed one tier 2 instrument 
(on 19 May 2021). The instrument issued had a nominal value of EUR 750 million (DKK 5,577 million).11  
Capital regulation 
The Issuer is following the phase-in of the CRR II and the CRD V Directive in accordance with Danish 
and EU rules.  
The impact of IFRS 9 on regulatory capital is subject to a five-year phase-in period from 1 January 
2018, whereby an institution is allowed to include in its CET1 capital a portion of the increased expected credit 
loss provisions for a transition period. The transition method applied for the Group is based on a so-called 
dynamic approach taking into account both the initial impact and the evolution of the new expected credit loss 
provisions during the transition period. 
In response to COVID-19, a legislative package with targeted legislative changes and selected changes 
to application timing was agreed and adopted by the EU legislators in June 2020. The most significant changes 
were to prolong the IFRS 9 transitional arrangement which increased the Group’s CET1 capital with around 
DKK 0.6 billion and bringing forward the application date of the supporting factor for SMEs included in the 
CRR II which reduced the Group’s REA with approximately DKK 16 billion in the fourth quarter of 2020. 
The DFSA has approved the Issuer’s continuing use of the financial conglomerate deduction method 
for holdings in Danica Pension. The deduction is based on Danica Pension’s solvency need rather than on its 
minimum capital requirement. The non-deductible part of the holdings will be risk-weighted at 100 per cent. 
Distributions of Dividends 
The Group has the ambition to pay out ordinary dividends of 40-60 per cent. of its net profit. The 
proposal for the actual dividend ratio in a given year is made with respect to the capital targets and capital 
plan. The capital structure can be further adjusted through extraordinary dividends and/or share buy-back 
programmes if excess capital relative to the capital targets and planning is available after dividends have been 
paid out, profitable growth opportunities have been exhausted and other quantifiable matters with material 
impact on the Group’s capital position have been accounted for. The Group’s dividend policy was approved 
at the board meeting on 3 February 2021. 
For 2020, a dividend of DKK 2.0 (EUR 0.268) per share, corresponding to DKK 1.7 billion or 38 per cent. 
of 2020 net profit was proposed to and approved at the Annual General Meeting on 16 March 2021. 
                                                     
6  
FX rate = 7.4412 DKK per EUR. 
7  
FX rate = 7.4429 DKK per EUR. 
8  
FX rate = 1.0845 CHF per EUR. 
9  
FX rate = 7.4366 DKK per EUR. 
10  
FX rate = 6.0866 DKK per USD. 
11  
FX rate = 7.4360 DKK per EUR.

--- Page 185 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE DANSKE BANK GROUP 
 
 
 
 
C-5 
 
 
Legal and Regulatory Proceedings 
Owing to its business volume, the Group is continually a party to various lawsuits and disputes and 
has an on-going dialogue with public authorities such as the DFSA. In particular, the investigations and events 
that took place in the Estonian branch are being discussed with the DFSA, SØIK (as defined below) and other 
public authorities such as the Estonian Financial Supervisory Authority the U.S. Department of Justice (the 
“DOJ”) and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). 
Estonia matter 
The Issuer remains in dialogue with various authorities regarding the terminated non-resident portfolio 
at the Issuer’s Estonian branch. This includes criminal and regulatory investigations by authorities in Estonia, 
Denmark, France and the United States. The Issuer continues to cooperate with all authorities. 
In 2018, the Estonian Office of the Prosecutor General opened a criminal investigation into former 
employees of the Estonian branch. 
In November 2018, the Issuer was preliminarily charged by the Danish State Prosecutor for Serious 
Economic and International Crime (“SØIK”) with violating the Danish AML Act on four counts all relating 
to the Estonian branch in the period from 1 February 2007 to the end of January 2016. In October 2020, SØIK 
added violation of the Danish Financial Business Act for governance and control failures in the period from 1 
February 2007 to the end of 2017 to the preliminary charges. 
In February 2019, the Issuer was placed under formal investigation by an investigating judge of the 
Tribunal de Grande Instance de Paris in the context of an on-going French criminal investigation and on the 
grounds of money laundering suspicions relating to certain transactions in the terminated portfolio of non-
resident customers of the Issuer’s Estonian branch, amounting to around DKK 160 million and performed 
between 2007 and 2014. The Issuer has posted bail in the amount of DKK 80 million. 
The Issuer is reporting to, responding to and cooperating with various authorities, including the SØIK, 
DOJ and the SEC, relating to the Issuer’s Estonian branch. The internal investigation work that the Issuer had 
planned to complete during 2020 has been finalised, and the Issuer has reported the findings to relevant 
authorities. The Issuer continues to fully cooperate and will provide the authorities with further information if 
and when requested. The overall timing of the authorities’ investigations remains unknown and is not within 
the Issuer’s control. It is not yet possible to reliably estimate the timing, form of resolution, or amount of 
potential settlement or fines, which could be material.  
Based on orders from the DFSA, the Issuer’s solvency need was increased in 2018 by a Pillar 2 add-
on of in total DKK 10 billion to ensure adequate capital coverage of the increased compliance and reputational 
risks in relation to the Estonian AML matter.  
On 9 January 2019, an action was filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of 
New York by an alleged holder of the Issuer’s American Depositary Receipts, representing its ordinary shares, 
against the Issuer and certain of its officers and former officers and/or directors. The complaint alleges that the 
defendants violated Section 10(b) and Section 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 by, among other 
things, making false and misleading statements and/or failing to disclose adverse information regarding the 
Issuer’s business and operations in relation to AML matters relating to the Issuer’s Estonian branch and related 
matters. The complaint seeks unspecified damages on behalf of a putative class of purchasers of the Issuer’s 
American Depositary Receipts between 9 January 2014 and 29 April 2019. On 24 August 2020, the Court 
granted the Issuer’s motion and dismissed all claims against the Issuer on three independent grounds. On 23 
September 2020, the plaintiffs filed an appeal of this ruling to the Second Circuit. The Issuer has opposed that 
appeal, and a decision is expected in the second half of 2021. The Issuer intends to defend itself against these 
claims. The timing of the completion of the lawsuit and the outcome are uncertain.

--- Page 186 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE DANSKE BANK GROUP 
 
 
 
 
C-6 
 
 
On 3 March 2019, a court case was initiated against the Issuer and Thomas F. Borgen for approval of 
a class action led by a newly formed association with the aim to represent former and current shareholders in 
a liability action relating to the Estonian AML matter. On 21 January 2021, the court dismissed the case 
because it did not fulfil the criteria for being approved as a class action. The association has appealed this 
decision. The appeal will likely not be decided until late 2021 at the earliest. In March 2019 (148), October 
2019 (59), January 2020 (9), March 2020 (38), September 2020 (55), and February 2021 (14), a total of 323 
separate cases were initiated against the Issuer with a total claim amount of approximately DKK 7.9 billion. 
On 27 December 2019 (63) and 4 September 2020 (30), two separate claims were filed by 93 investors against 
the Issuer with a total claim amount of approximately DKK 1.7 billion. On 2 September 2020, 20 separate 
claims were filed by 20 investors against the Issuer with a total claim amount of approximately DKK 1.1 
billion. On 18 September 2020, one case was filed by 201 investors against the Issuer with a total claim amount 
of approximately DKK 2.1 billion. On 18 September 2020, one case was filed against the Issuer and Thomas 
F. Borgen by two investors with a total claim amount of DKK 10 million. These court actions relate to alleged 
violations in the Issuer’s branch in Estonia of the rules on prevention of money laundering and/or alleged 
failure to timely inform the market of such violations (and in one claim, also market manipulation). Of the 323 
cases filed in the period from March 2019 to February 2021, 203 have been referred to the Eastern High Court. 
The remaining cases are currently pending or stayed before the Copenhagen City Court. The Issuer intends to 
defend itself against these claims. The timing of completion of any such lawsuits (pending or threatening) and 
their outcome are uncertain. 
On 20 February 2020 and 12 March 2021, two cases were initiated against Thomas F. Borgen by 76 
institutional investors, and funded by the litigation funder Deminor Recovery Services. The total claim amount 
is approximately DKK 3.2 billion. The Issuer has received procedural notifications in respect of both cases. 
Under Danish law, the purpose of a procedural notification is to make a formal reservation of rights to bring a 
potential claim against the notified party in the future. 
Other 
In November 2020, the Issuer accepted a fine of DKK 9 million from SØIK for violating the Danish 
Executive Order on Investor Protection in connection with the Flexinvest Fri case. 
 All affected customers have been contacted, and the Issuer have compensated more than 99 per cent. 
The Issuer has taken several initiatives to handle the issue and make sure something similar should not happen 
again. 
In 2019, the DFSA conducted an inspection of the Issuer’s market monitoring function and issued a number 
of orders on 6 December 2019. The Issuer has since then taken a series of steps to ensure compliance with the 
orders. In addition, the DFSA also announced further investigation, which in June 2020 led the DFSA to file 
a criminal complaint against the Issuer for violation of the Market Abuse Regulation on account of inadequate 
market monitoring and market manipulation in respect of opposite trades. The Issuer has a dialogue with and 
cooperates with SØIK, but cannot comment further on the criminal complaint as long as SØIK is investigating 
the case. 
The Issuer does not comment on the risk of fines being imposed or the amount of such fines, if any. 
The Issuer has an ongoing dialogue with different authorities and is cooperating with these authorities. The 
Issuer does not in general comment on its dialogue with authorities. The Issuer has no basis for providing any 
indication on when the investigations by authorities are expected to be completed. As and when required, the 
Issuer will update the financial market via the usual channels (i.e. company announcement or on 
www.danskebank.com). The Issuer will also include updated information regarding current legal and 
regulatory proceedings in its interim financial statements (which will be incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus by a supplement hereto at the relevant time).

--- Page 187 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE DANSKE BANK GROUP 
 
 
 
 
C-7 
 
 
Management of the Issuer 
The Issuer’s administrative bodies are the Board of Directors and the Executive Leadership Team. 
The Board of Directors, which consists of non-executive directors, is elected by the shareholders of the Issuer 
at the annual General Meeting or at an extraordinary General Meeting, with the exception of those directors 
who are elected pursuant to prevailing law concerning employee representation on the Board of Directors 
(currently four). The non-employee directors, who are elected by the shareholders, are elected for terms of one 
year and the number of such directors may range from six to ten. Directors are eligible for re-election. The 
Issuer’s Executive Leadership Team may consist of two to twelve members who are responsible for the day-
to-day business and affairs of the Issuer. The business address of the Board of Directors and the Executive 
Leadership Team is 2-12 Holmens Kanal, DK-1092 Copenhagen K, Denmark. 
The present members of the Board of Directors and their external positions are as follows: 
 
Members of the Board of Directors elected by the annual General Meeting 
Karsten Dybvad, Chairman 
 
Directorships and other offices: 
None. 
Carol Sergeant, Vice Chairman  
 
Directorships and other offices:  
Belmont Green Finance Limited (Member of the 
Board of Directors) 
 
Threadneedle Solutions Ltd (Company Director) 
 
Lloyds Register Foundation (Trustee and member of 
the Audit and Investment Committee) 
 
The Governing Council of the Centre for the Study 
of Financial Innovation (CSFI) (Trustee). 
 
City University Business School, UK (Member of 
the Advisory Board and Chairman of Women’s 
Leadership Counsel) 
 
Money 
Advice 
Trust, 
UK 
(Ambassador/representative). 
Jan Thorsgaard Nielsen, Vice Chairman 
 
Directorships and other offices: 
Chief Investment Officer (CIO), (A.P. Møller 
Holding A/S) 
 
APMH Invest A/S (Chairman or member of the 
Board of Directors of eighteen affiliated 
undertakings) 
 
LEGO A/S (Member of the Board of Directors) 
 
Thorsgaard Holding ApS (Executive Officer) 
Martin Blessing

--- Page 188 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE DANSKE BANK GROUP 
 
 
 
 
C-8 
 
 
Directorships and other offices: 
None. 
Lars-Erik Brenøe 
 
Directorships and other offices: 
Executive Vice President, Head of Chairman’s 
Office, A.P. Møller-Maersk A/S 
 
The A.P. Møller and Hustru Chastine Mc-Kinney 
Møller Foundation (A.P. Møller og Hustru Chastine 
Mc-Kinney Møller Fond til almene Formaal) 
(Member of the Boards of Directors and Member of 
the Boards of Directors or the Executive Boards of 
four affiliated undertakings) 
 
Maersk Broker K/S (Chairman or Vice Chairman of 
the Board of Directors of six affiliated 
undertakings)  
 
LINDØ port of Odense A/S (Member of the Board 
of Directors) 
 
Navigare Capital Partners A/S (Chairman) 
 
The A.P. Møller Family Foundation (A.P. Møller og 
Hustru Chastine Mc-Kinney Møllers Familiefond) 
(Member of the Board of Directors) 
 
The Confederation of Danish Industry (DI) 
(Member of the Central Board) 
 
The Danish Committee on Foundation Governance 
(Vice Chairman).  
Raija-Leena Hankonen 
 
Directorships and other offices 
Posti Group Oyj (Member of the Board of Directors 
and Chairman of the Audit Committee) 
 
Brigadeiro Holding Oy (Chairman) 
 
Metsä Board Oyj (Member of the Board of 
Directors) 
 
Jalmari and Rauha Ahokas Medical Foundation 
(Chairman) 
 
Savonlinna Opera Festival (Member of the Board of 
Directors) 
 
Helsinki Deaconess Foundation sr (Member of the 
Board of Directors). 
Bente Avnung Landsnes

--- Page 189 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE DANSKE BANK GROUP 
 
 
 
 
C-9 
 
 
Directorships and other offices: 
NORBIT ASA (Vice Chairman) 
 
Heimstaden Bostad AB (Member of the Board of 
Directors) 
 
Infront ASA (Member of the Board of Directors). 
Members of the Board of Directors elected by 
the Group’s employees in Denmark 
 
Bente Bang 
Vice Chairman of Finansforbundet in Denmark 
Directorships and other offices: 
Bikubens Personaleforening (Chairman) 
 
 
Kirsten Ebbe Brich 
 
Directorships and other offices: 
Chairman of Finansforbundet in Denmark 
 
Finansforbundet i Danske Banks Jubilæumsfond 
(Chairman) 
 
Danske Unions (transnational association of local 
Danske Bank Group staff unions) (Member of the 
Board of Directors) 
 
Danske Banks Pensionskasse for 
Førtidspensionister (Member of the Board of 
Directors) 
 
Danske Banks Velfærdsfond af 1993 (Member of 
the Board of Directors) 
 
Finansforbundet (The Financial Services Union in 
Denmark) (Member of the Executive Committee). 
Thorbjørn Lundholm Dahl 
Head of AML Transformation Office, Compliance 
Directorships and other offices: 
None.  
Charlotte Hoffmann 
Personal Adviser 
Directorships and other offices: 
None. 
The present members of the Executive Leadership Team and their external positions are as follows: 
Carsten Egeriis 
CEO  
Directorships and other offices: 
Realkredit Danmark A/S (Chairman)  
 
Finans Danmark (Chairman) 
 
Fri af 16 September 2015 A/S (Chairman)

--- Page 190 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE DANSKE BANK GROUP 
 
 
 
 
C-10 
 
 
 
Bikubens Pensionsfond (Chairman) 
 
Kreditforeningen 
Danmarks 
Pensionsafviklingskasse (Chairman) 
Stephan Engels 
CFO 
Directorships and other offices: 
Danske Bank, Belfast (Northern Bank Limited), 
Northern Ireland (Member of the Board of 
Directors). 
Berit Behring 
Head of Large Corporate & Institutions 
Directorships and other offices: 
Danica Pension, Livsforsikringsaktieselskab 
(Chairman) 
 
Forsikringsselskabet Danica, 
Skadesforsikringsaktieselskabet af 1999 A/S 
(Chairman) 
 
Danske Bank, Belfast (Northern Bank Limited), 
Northern Ireland (Member of the Board of 
Directors). 
Karsten Breum 
Chief People Officer 
Directorships and other offices: 
Finanssektorens Arbejdsgiverforening (FA) (The 
employer association for the finance sector) (Vice 
Chairman) 
 
Digital Dogme (Member of the Board of Directors) 
 
Finanskompetencepuljen (Member of the Board of 
Directors). 
Frans Woelders 
COO 
Directorships and other offices: 
None. 
Glenn Söderholm 
Head of Personal and Business Customers 
Directorships and other offices: 
Danske Hypotek AB (Chairman) 
 
Danske Leasing A/S (Chairman) 
 
Danske Mortgage Bank Plc (Chairman) 
 
Danske Invest Management A/S (Chairman) 
 
MobilePay A/S (Chairman). 
 
MobilePay Denmark A/S (Chairman).

--- Page 191 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE DANSKE BANK GROUP 
 
 
 
 
C-11 
 
 
 
NASDAQ Nordic Ltd. Suomi Finland (Member of 
the Board of Directors) 
 
P27 AB (Member of the Board of Directors). 
 
Finans Danmark (Personal substitute to the 
Chairman of the Board of Directors) 
Philippe Vollot 
Chief Compliance Officer 
Directorships and other offices: 
Association of Certified Anti-Money Laundering 
Specialists (ACAMS) (Member of the Advisory 
Board) 
 
French Foreign Trade Advisor, Denmark Committee 
(Member). 
The Issuer has appointed Magnus Agustsson as new Chief Risk Officer and he will become part of the 
Issuer’s Executive Leadership Team by 1 December 2021, at the latest. George Anagnostopoulos has been 
appointed Interim Head of Group Risk Management and Interim Risk Officer. 
The external positions for the members of the Board of Directors and the Executive Leadership Team 
may 
change. 
Updates 
of 
this 
information 
can 
be 
found 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
homepage, 
https://danskebank.com/about-us/management. 
After application of the relevant laws and conflict of interest policies of the Issuer, no potential 
conflicts of interest exist between the duties to the Issuer of the persons on the Board of Directors and the 
Executive Leadership Team and their private interests and/or other duties listed above. 
Corporate Authorities 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the 
Issuer passed on 24 January 2008. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary 
consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes. 
Material Change and Significant Change 
(i) 
Save as outlined in the section “Risk Factors - COVID-19 outbreak could continue to have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial position”, there has been 
no significant change in the financial performance or position of the Issuer or of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries 
taken as a whole since 31 March 2021, the last day of the financial period in respect of which the most recent 
financial statements of the Issuer and the Group have been prepared; 
(ii) 
Save as outlined in the section “Risk Factors - COVID-19 outbreak could continue to have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial position”, there has been 
no significant change in the financial performance or trading posi tion of the Issuer or of the Issuer and its 
Subsidiaries taken as a whole since 31 March 2021, the last day of the financial period in respect of which the 
most recent financial statements of the Issuer have been prepared; and 
(iii) 
Save as outlined in the sections “Risk Factors - COVID-19 outbreak could continue to have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial position” and “Legal and 
Regulatory Proceedings”, there has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of 
the Issuer since 31 December 2020, the last day of the financial period in respect of which the most recently 
audited financial statements of the Issuer and the Group have been prepared.

--- Page 192 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE DANSKE BANK GROUP 
 
 
 
 
C-12 
 
 
Legal Proceedings 
Save as outlined in the section “Legal and Regulatory Proceedings”, there are no governmental, legal 
or arbitration proceedings against or affecting the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries (and no such proceedings 
are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during a period covering at least the previous twelve 
months which have or may have in the recent past, individually or in the aggregate, significant effects on the 
profitability or the financial position of the Issuer or of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole. 
Auditors 
The consolidated financial statements of the Group as at and for the years ended 31 December 2020 
and 2019 have been audited by: 
Deloitte Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab 
Weidekampsgade 6 
DK-2300 Copenhagen S 
Denmark. 
Deloitte Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab is a member of “FSR – Danske Revisorer” 
(Association of State Authorised Public Accountants).  
Use of Proceeds 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms: 
(a) 
where “General Business Purposes” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, an amount equal to 
the net proceeds from each Tranche of Notes will be applied/allocated by the Issuer for its general 
business purposes; or 
(b) 
where “Green Bonds” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, it is the intention of the Issuer to 
apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of such Green Bonds (subject as provided in the Issuer's 
Green Bond Framework and as described in the “Investment Considerations” section of this Base 
Prospectus) to finance or re-finance, in whole or in part, Green Loans located predominantly in 
the Nordic region and originated by the Issuer that promote the transition to low-carbon, climate 
resilient and sustainable economies, in each case as determined by the Issuer in accordance with 
the Green Loan categories set out in the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework available on the Issuer’s 
website (https://danskebank.com) and in effect at the time of issuance of the Green Bonds. 
For the purposes of this section: 
“Green Loans” are loans and investments within the Green Loan categories set out in the Issuer’s 
Green Bond Framework. Such Green Loan categories are outlined in the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework and 
currently include those which relate to: clean transportation; renewable energy; transmission and energy 
storage; environmentally sustainable management of living natural resources and land use; green and energy 
efficient buildings; pollution prevention and control; sustainable water and wastewater management; and 
climate change adaption. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall not be obliged to invest the net proceeds from each issue 
of Notes in the relevant Reference Item or other assets and such proceeds can be freely used by the Issuer. If, 
in respect of any particular issue of Notes there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in 
the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 193 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
 
 
 
D-1 
 
 
SECTION D - GENERAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE PROGRAMME AND THE 
NOTES 
SECTION D.1 - GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following description of key features of the Programme does not purport to be complete and is 
qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus. Words and expressions defined in “Overview 
of Form of the Notes” or “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below shall have the same meanings in this 
description of key features of the Programme. 
Issuer: 
Danske Bank A/S. 
Legal Entity Identifier: 
MAES062Z21O4RZ2U7M96. 
Arranger: 
Danske Bank A/S. 
Dealer: 
Danske Bank A/S and any other dealer appointed from time to time by 
the Issuer either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to 
a particular Tranche of Notes. 
Fiscal Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch. 
Irish Listing Agent: 
Matheson. 
VP Systems Agent: 
(i) 
In respect of VP Systems Notes cleared through the VP, VPS or 
Euroclear Sweden, Danske Bank A/S. 
 
(ii) 
In respect of VP Systems Notes cleared through Euroclear 
Finland, Danske Bank A/S, Finland Branch. 
Listing 
and 
Admission 
to 
Trading: 
Each Series may be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the 
regulated market or the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin 
and/or admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any other listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (including, without 
limitation, the Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S, the Nasdaq Stockholm AB, the 
Nasdaq Helsinki Oy, the Nordic Growth Market NGM AB (NDX 
Sweden or NDX Finland (as applicable)), the Stuttgart Stock Exchange 
and/or the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer and specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
or may be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system. 
Initial Programme Amount: 
EUR 5,000,000,000 (and, for this purpose, any Notes denominated in 
another currency shall be translated into euros at the date of the 
agreement to issue such Notes using the spot rate of exchange for the 
purchase of such currency against payment of euros being quoted by the 
Fiscal Agent on the date on which an agreement in respect of the relevant 
Tranche was made or such other rate as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
may agree) in aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any 
one time. The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may 
be outstanding under the Programme may be increased from time to time.

--- Page 194 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
 
 
 
D-2 
 
 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or more 
Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each Series will 
all be subject to identical terms, except that the issue date, the amount of 
the first payment of interest (if any) and/or the issue price thereof may 
be different in respect of different Tranches. 
Issue Terms: 
Each Tranche will be the subject of the Issue Terms which, for the 
purposes of that Tranche only, completes and/or (in the case of Exempt 
Notes only) amends and/or replaces the Conditions and must be read in 
conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The terms and conditions 
applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are the Conditions as 
completed by the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
amended and/or replaced by the relevant Pricing Supplement. See also 
“Exempt Notes” below. 
Forms of Notes: 
Notes may be issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) or in uncertificated 
and dematerialised book entry form cleared through the Danish, 
Norwegian, Finnish and/or Swedish, as the case may be, central 
securities depository (together the “VP Systems Notes” and individually 
the “VP”, “VPS”, “Euroclear Finland” and “Euroclear Sweden”, 
respectively), as described in “Overview of Form of the Notes” below. 
 
In respect of each Tranche of Bearer Notes, the Issuer will deliver a 
Temporary Global Note or (if so specified in the relevant Issue Terms in 
respect of Notes to which the TEFRA C Rules apply (as so specified in 
such Issue Terms)) a Permanent Global Note. Such Global Note which 
is not intended to be issued in New Global Note form (a “Classic Global 
Note” or “CGN”), as specified in the relevant Issue Terms, will be 
deposited on or around the relevant issue date therefor with Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system and each Global Note which is intended to be issued in New 
Global Note form (a “New Global Note” or “NGN”), as specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, will be deposited on or around the relevant issue 
date with a common safe-keeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. Interests in each Temporary Global Note will, not earlier 
than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes 
upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership, be exchangeable 
for interests in a Permanent Global Note or, if so specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, for Definitive Notes in bearer form in accordance with its 
terms. Interests in each Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes in bearer form in accordance with its terms. Definitive 
Notes in bearer form will, if interest-bearing, have Coupons attached 
and, if appropriate, Talons. 
 
VP Systems Notes will not be evidenced by any physical note or 
document of title. Entitlements to VP Systems Notes will be evidenced 
by the crediting of VP Systems Notes to accounts with the VP, VPS, 
Euroclear Finland or Euroclear Sweden, as the case may be. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, VP, VPS, Euroclear Finland 
and/or Euroclear Sweden and/or, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, any 
other clearing system as may be specified in Part B of the relevant Issue 
Terms.

--- Page 195 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
 
 
 
D-3 
 
 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in any currency or currencies, subject to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central 
bank requirements. Payments in respect of Notes may, subject to such 
compliance, be made in and/or linked to, any currency or currencies 
other than the currency in which such Notes are denominated. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any 
preference among themselves and at least pari passu with all other 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, present and 
future save for certain mandatory exceptions provided by law. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at any price and on a fully paid basis only. 
Maturities: 
Any maturity, subject, in relation to specific currencies, to compliance 
with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank 
requirements. 
Redemption: 
Notes may be early redeemed (“autocalled”) at the Early Redemption 
Amount or redeemed at the Redemption Amount specified or described 
in the relevant Issue Terms and determined as set out in Payout Schedule 
2 (Redemption) and/or, in respect of Exempt Notes, in the relevant 
Pricing Supplement.  
Optional Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the option of the 
Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the Holders to the extent (if at 
all) specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Tax Redemption: 
Save where General Condition 8.3 (No gross-up) is specified as 
Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, early redemption will be 
permitted for tax reasons as described in General Condition 6.3 (Early 
redemption for tax reasons).  
Interest: 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if any) 
shall be payable in respect of the Notes as specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms and shall be determined as set out in Payout Schedule 1 (Interest) 
and/or, in respect of Exempt Notes, in the relevant Pricing Supplement. 
Denominations: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified 
Currency and save that the minimum denomination of each Note 
admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA or offered to 
the public in a Member State of the EEA in circumstances which would 
otherwise require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation will be EUR 1,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than euro, the equivalent amounts in such currency). 
Negative Pledge: 
None. 
Cross Default: 
None.

--- Page 196 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
 
 
 
D-4 
 
 
Taxation: 
If General Condition 8.1 (Gross-up) is specified as Applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, all payments of principal and interest in respect of 
the Notes and the Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made 
free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account 
of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by or on behalf of Denmark or any political subdivision therein 
or any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax, unless 
the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or 
governmental charges is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall, 
subject to certain specified exclusions, pay such additional amounts as 
will result in receipt by the Holders after such withholding or deduction 
of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such 
withholding or deduction been required. 
 
If General Condition 8.3 (No gross-up) is specified as Applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the Issuer shall not be liable for or otherwise 
obliged to pay any tax, duty, withholding or other payment which may 
arise as a result of the ownership, transfer, presentation and surrender for 
payment, or enforcement of any Note and all payments made by the 
Issuer shall be made subject to any tax, duty, withholding or other 
payment which may be required to be made, paid, withheld or deducted. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes shall be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, English law except for the registration of Notes in the VP, which 
shall be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Danish 
law, the registration of Notes in the VPS, which shall be governed by, 
and shall be construed in accordance with, Norwegian law, the 
registration of Notes in Euroclear Finland, which shall be governed by, 
and shall be construed in accordance with, Finnish law and the 
registration of Notes in Euroclear Sweden, which shall be governed by, 
and shall be construed in accordance with, Swedish law. 
 
VP Systems Notes must comply with the relevant regulations of the VP, 
VPS, Euroclear Finland or Euroclear Sweden, as the case may be, and 
the holders of VP Systems Notes will be entitled to the rights and are 
subject to the obligations and liabilities which arise under the relevant 
Danish, Norwegian, Finnish or Swedish regulations and legislation. 
Enforcement of Notes in Global 
Form: 
In the case of Global Notes, individual investors’ rights against the Issuer 
will be governed by a Deed of Covenant dated 16 June 2021, a copy of 
which will be available for inspection at the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent.

--- Page 197 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
 
 
 
D-5 
 
 
Ratings: 
The Issuer has been or may be rated by at least one of the following rating 
agencies: S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (or any successor thereto) 
(“S&P”), Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (or any successor thereto) 
(“Fitch”), Scope Ratings GmbH (or any successor thereto) (“Scope”), 
Moody’s Investors Service (Nordics) AB (or any successor thereto) 
(“Moody’s”) and Nordic Credit Rating AS (or any successor thereto) 
(“NCR”).  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has been rated by each 
of S&P, Fitch and Moody’s as follows: 
 
 
S&P 
Fitch 
Moody’s 
 
long-term Issuer default rating 
A 
A 
A3 
 
short-term Issuer default rating  
A-1 
F1 
P-2 
 
As defined by S&P: 
An obligation rated ‘A’ is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse 
effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than 
obligations in higher-rated categories. However, the obligor’s capacity 
to meet its financial commitments on the obligation is still strong. 
A short-term obligation rated ‘A-1’ is rated in the highest category by 
S&P Global Ratings. The obligor’s capacity to meet its financial 
commitments on the obligation is strong. Within this category, certain 
obligations are designated with a plus sign (+). This indicates that the 
obligor’s capacity to meet its financial commitments on these obligations 
is extremely strong. 
As defined by Fitch: 
High credit quality. ‘A’ ratings denote expectations of low credit risk. 
The capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered strong. 
This capacity may, nevertheless, be more vulnerable to adverse business 
or economic conditions than is the case for higher ratings. 
Highest Short-Term Credit Quality. ‘F1’ indicates the strongest 
intrinsic capacity for timely payment of financial commitments; may 
have an added “+” to denote any exceptionally strong credit feature. 
As defined by Moody’s: 
Obligations rated A are judged to be upper-medium grade and are subject 
to low credit risk. Moody’s appends numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to 
each generic rating classification from Aa through Caa. Modifier 3 
indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating category.  
Issuers (or supporting institutions) rated Prime-3 have an acceptable 
ability to repay short-term obligations.  
 
 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a 
rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit

--- Page 198 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
 
 
 
D-6 
 
 
rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the 
CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or 
suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances).  
 
Each of S&P, Fitch, Scope, Moody’s and NCR is established in the 
European Union and is registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, 
as amended (the “CRA Regulation”) and is included in the list of credit 
rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation as of 
the date of this Base Prospectus. This list is available on the ESMA 
website 
at 
www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-
CRAs (as at the date of this Base Prospectus the list was last updated on 
7 May 2021). 
 
In general, United Kingdom regulated investors are restricted from using 
a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the United Kingdom and registered under 
the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the “UK CRA Regulation”). In the case of ratings 
issued by third country non-United Kingdom credit rating agencies, third 
country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a United Kingdom 
registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit 
rating agency that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant United 
Kingdom registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, 
not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions 
that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, 
for a certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates 
continued use for regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom, of existing 
pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied. In 
particular, for one year following 31 December 2020, ratings issued or 
endorsed before this date by an European Economic Area credit rating 
agency may continue to be used for regulatory purposes in the United 
Kingdom provided that the European Economic Area credit rating 
agency is part of a group in respect of which one of its undertakings is 
established and registered in the United Kingdom. 
 
There is no guarantee that any rating of the Issuer assigned by any such 
rating agency will be maintained following the date of this Base 
Prospectus, and the Issuer may seek to obtain ratings from other rating 
agencies.   
 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may 
be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. Up-to-date information should always be sought 
by direct reference to the relevant rating agency. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the transfer of Notes prior to the expiration of 
the relevant distribution compliance period, see “Subscription and Sale” 
below.  For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and 
deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of offering material in the 
United States of America, the EEA, the United Kingdom, Germany, 
Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden see “Subscription and Sale” 
below.

--- Page 199 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
 
 
 
D-7 
 
 
Exempt Notes: 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Exempt Notes may be issued 
in a form not contemplated by the Conditions and this General 
Description of the Programme, in which event the relevant provisions 
will be included in the relevant Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 200 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION RELATING TO ISSUANCE OF NOTES 
 
 
 
 
D-8 
 
 
SECTION D.2- GENERAL INFORMATION RELATING TO ISSUANCE OF NOTES 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted 
to the Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market. 
Application has been made for Exempt Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to the 
Official List and to trading on its Global Exchange Market. 
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be admitted to listing on the 
Official List and admitted to trading and/or quotation by the regulated market or the Global Exchange Market 
of Euronext Dublin or any other listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or which will be 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system 
(including, without limitation, the Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S, the Nasdaq Stockholm AB, the Nasdaq Helsinki 
Oy, the Nordic Growth Market NGM AB (NDX Sweden or NDX Finland, as applicable), the Stuttgart Stock 
Exchange or the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
Matheson is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in relation to the Notes and is 
not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List of Euronext Dublin or admission of Exempt Notes 
to trading on the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes (other than VP Systems Notes) have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear Bank 
S.A./N.V. (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”). The address of 
Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 
Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. The appropriate common code and the International Securities 
Identification Number in relation to the Notes of each Series (other than VP Systems Notes) will be specified 
in the Issue Terms relating thereto. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system 
(including the VP, VPS, Euroclear Finland or Euroclear Sweden), the appropriate information will be specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or the VP, VPS, Euroclear Finland and/or 
Euroclear Sweden, as the case may be, are the entities in charge of keeping the records. 
Legend concerning United States Persons 
Where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, Bearer Notes (other than Temporary 
Global Notes) and any Coupon appertaining thereto will bear a legend substantially to the following effect: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(J) AND 1287(A) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE.”. 
Settlement 
Settlement arrangements will be agreed between the Issuer, the relevant Dealer and the Fiscal Agent 
or the relevant VP Systems Agent, as the case may be, in relation to each Tranche of Notes.

--- Page 201 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION RELATING TO ISSUANCE OF NOTES 
 
 
 
 
D-9 
 
 
Content of Issue Terms 
The Issue Terms will contain at least the following information in respect of each relevant Tranche of 
Notes (if applicable): Series number, Specified Currency, Aggregate Principal Amount, Issue Date, Issue 
Price, Form of Notes, Specified Denomination(s), Interest Basis, Business Day Convention, Maturity Date, 
Listing, ISIN, Common Code and any clearing system other than Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
the case may be. 
Issue price and amount of issue 
The issue price and amount of the Notes of any Tranche to be issued under the Programme will be 
determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of the issue of such Tranche in accordance with 
prevailing market conditions. 
Post Issuance Information 
The Issuer does not intend to provide post-issuance information, if not otherwise required by all 
applicable laws and regulations.

--- Page 202 ---
OVERVIEW OF FORM OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
D-10 
 
 
SECTION D.3- OVERVIEW OF FORM OF THE NOTES 
Words and expressions defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” herein shall have the same 
meanings in this “Overview of Form of the Notes”. 
The Notes of each Series will be in bearer form or, in the case of VP Systems Notes, uncertificated 
and dematerialised book entry form. 
Form of Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be in the form of either a temporary global note (the 
“Temporary Global Note”), without interest Coupons, or a permanent global note (the “Permanent Global 
Note”), without interest Coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. Each Temporary 
Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Note (each a “Global Note”) which is intended to be 
issued in CGN form, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of 
the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and each Global Note which is intended to be issued in NGN form as specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, will be deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a common safe-keeper for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The relevant Issue Terms will also specify whether United States Treasury regulation §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor United States Treasury regulation section, including without limitation, 
successor regulations issued in accordance with Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in 
connection with the United States Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) (the “TEFRA C 
Rules”) or United States Treasury regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor United States Treasury 
regulation section, including without limitation, successor regulations issued in accordance with Internal 
Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the United States Hiring Incentives to 
Restore Employment Act of 2010) (the “TEFRA D Rules”) are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the 
Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules 
are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Issue Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable 
for a Permanent Global Note”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which 
will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, 
not earlier than forty days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-
U.S. beneficial ownership. 
No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest payments in respect of the 
Notes cannot be collected without certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the prompt delivery (free of charge to the 
bearer) of such Permanent Global Note, duly authenticated and, in the case of a NGN, effectuated, to the bearer 
of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent exchange of a part of the Temporary Global 
Note) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or 
to the order of the Fiscal Agent; and

--- Page 203 ---
OVERVIEW OF FORM OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
D-11 
 
 
(ii) 
in either case, receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership, 
within seven days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Issue Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes” and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially 
be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Notes in 
definitive form (“Definitive Notes”) not earlier than forty days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of 
the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes 
cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure 
the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Issue Terms), in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note 
against the surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within thirty days of 
the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Issue Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Permanent Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note. If the relevant 
Issue Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes”, then the Notes will be initially in the form of a 
Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note as set out above. In each 
case, the Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part only and at the request of the 
bearer of the Permanent Global Note, for Definitive Notes: 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Issue Terms; or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, save that this paragraph (ii) shall not 
apply if the relevant Issue Terms specify denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more integral multiples of another smaller amount; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Issue Terms specifies “in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent 
Global Note”, then if: 
(a) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed 
for business for a continuous period of fourteen days (other than by reason of legal 
holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or in fact does so; 
or 
(b) 
any of the circumstances described in General Condition 9 (Events of Default) occurs. 
The Permanent Global Note will become exchangeable, in whole but not in part only and at the request 
of the Issuer, for Definitive Notes if, by reason of any change in the laws of Denmark, the Issuer will be 
required to make any withholding or deduction from any payment in respect of the Notes which would not be 
required if the Notes are in definitive form. 
Interest-bearing Definitive Notes will have attached thereto at the time of their initial delivery 
Coupons. Interest-bearing Definitive Notes, if so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, will have attached

--- Page 204 ---
OVERVIEW OF FORM OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
D-12 
 
 
thereto at the time of their initial delivery, Talons for further coupons and the expression Coupons shall, where 
the context so requires, include Talons. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure 
the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons (if so specified in the relevant Issue Terms) attached, in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against 
the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within thirty days of the 
bearer requesting such exchange. 
The Permanent Global Note also provides, inter alia, that: 
(i) 
if Definitive Notes have not been delivered in accordance with the terms of the Permanent 
Global Note by 6.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the day on which such 
Permanent Global Note becomes due to be exchanged; or 
(ii) 
if the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) becomes due and payable in accordance 
with the Terms and Conditions or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global Note 
has occurred, and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with 
all accrued interest thereon has not been made on the due date for payment by 6.00 p.m. 
(London time) on such due date, 
then such Permanent Global Note will become void in accordance with its terms but without prejudice 
to the rights conferred by the Deed of Covenant. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the Permanent Global Notes, the Definitive Notes and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear 
a legend to the following effect: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(J) AND 1287(A) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE.” 
The sections referred to in such legend provide that a United States person who holds a Bearer Note, 
Coupon or Talon will generally not be allowed to deduct any loss realised on the sale, exchange or redemption 
of such Note, Coupon or Talon and any gain (which might otherwise be characterised as capital gain) 
recognised on such sale, exchange or redemption will be treated as ordinary income. 
Form of VP Systems Notes 
Each Tranche of VP Systems Notes will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry 
form and, in the case of VP Systems Notes cleared through Euroclear Finland, will be issued in accordance 
with the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry System and Clearing Operations (Laki arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä ja 
selvitystoiminnasta (348/2017), as amended) and the Finnish Act on Book-Entry Accounts (Laki arvo-
osuustileistä (827/1991), as amended) and all other applicable Finnish laws, regulations, operating procedures 
and decisions applicable to and/or issued by Euroclear Finland.  
The VP Systems Notes issued under the Programme will not be evidenced by any physical note or 
document of title other than statements of account made by VP, VPS, Euroclear Finland or Euroclear Sweden. 
Legal title to the VP Systems Notes will be evidenced by book entries in the records of the VP, VPS, Euroclear 
Finland or Euroclear Sweden, as the case may be. A holder of VP Systems Notes will have to rely on the

--- Page 205 ---
OVERVIEW OF FORM OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
D-13 
 
 
clearing system procedures to receive payments under the relevant VP Systems Notes. Issues of VP Systems 
Notes are the subject of the VP Systems Agency Agreement. On the issue of such VP Systems Notes, the 
Issuer will send a copy of the relevant Issue Terms to the Fiscal Agent, with a copy sent to the relevant VP 
Systems Agent. On delivery of the relevant Issue Terms by the relevant VP Systems Agent to the VP, VPS, 
Euroclear Finland or Euroclear Sweden, as the case may be, and notification to the VP, VPS, Euroclear Finland 
or Euroclear Sweden, as the case may be, of the subscribers and their VP, VPS, Euroclear Finland or Euroclear 
Sweden, as the case may be, account details by the relevant Dealer, the VP Systems Agent, acting on behalf 
of the Issuer, will give instructions to the VP, VPS, Euroclear Finland or Euroclear Sweden, as the case may 
be, to credit each subscribing account holder with the VP, VPS, Euroclear Finland or Euroclear Sweden, as 
the case may be, with a principal amount of the relevant VP Systems Notes equal to the principal amount 
thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
No physical global or definitive Notes or any bearer security will be issued in respect of VP Systems 
Notes registered with Euroclear Sweden. Issuance and redemption of VP Systems Notes registered with 
Euroclear Sweden is subject to and will take place in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear 
Sweden. Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on any such VP Systems Notes will be 
made through Euroclear Sweden’s system in accordance with the rules and operating procedures of Euroclear 
Sweden. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VP Systems Notes in the VP, VPS, Euroclear 
Finland or Euroclear Sweden, as the case may be, will take place in accordance with market practice at the 
time of the transaction. Transfers of interests in the relevant VP Systems Notes will take place in accordance 
with the rules and procedures for the time being of the VP, VPS, Euroclear Finland or Euroclear Sweden, as 
the case may be. 
The Terms and Conditions applicable to any VP Systems Notes will consist of the Conditions set out 
under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below and the provisions of the relevant Issue Terms which 
complete and/or (in the case of Exempt Notes only) amend and/or replace those Conditions. 
Clearing Systems 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or the VP, VPS, Euroclear 
Finland or Euroclear Sweden, as the case may be, shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include 
a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system approved by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the other 
Paying Agents and the relevant Noteholders.

--- Page 206 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
 
 
 
 
D-14 
 
 
SECTION D.4- SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
In respect of each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme, a Dealer may, by entering into a 
purchase agreement (unless the Dealer is Danske Bank A/S or any affiliate), agree with the Issuer the basis 
upon which it agrees to purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under 
“Overview of Form of the Notes” above and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below. 
United States of America: Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D, TEFRA C or “TEFRA Not 
Applicable” as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons expect in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in the preceding sentence have 
the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to U.S. persons, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U. S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. The relevant Issue Terms will 
identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer will be required to agree (or, if the Dealer is Danske Bank A/S or any affiliate thereof, 
will be deemed to have agreed), that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at 
any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the Notes comprising the 
relevant Tranche within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have 
sent to each distributor, dealer or person to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a 
confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the respective 
meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
In addition, until forty days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, 
any offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in 
accordance with an available exemption under the Securities Act (if available). 
The Notes do not constitute, and have not been marketed as, contracts of sale of a commodity for 
future delivery (or options thereon) subject to the United States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended, and 
trading in the Notes has not been approved by the United States Commodity Futures Trading Commission 
under the United States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended. 
Prohibition of Sales to European Economic Area Retail Investors  
Unless the relevant Issue Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer will be required to represent and agree (or, if the Dealer is Danske 
Bank A/S or any affiliate thereof, will be deemed to have represented and agreed) that it has not offered, sold 
or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the relevant Issue Terms in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(A) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or

--- Page 207 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
 
 
 
 
D-15 
 
 
(B) 
a customer within the meaning of Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(C) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the relevant Issue Terms specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable” in 
relation to each Member State of the EEA which has implemented the Prospectus Regulation (each, a 
“Member State”), each Dealer will be required to represent and agree (or, if the Dealer is Danske Bank A/S 
or any affiliate thereof, will be deemed to have represented and agreed) that it has not made and will not make 
an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by 
the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such 
Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(i) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made 
other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State (a “Non-
exempt Offer”), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes 
which has been approved by the competent authority in that Member State or, where 
appropriate, approved in another Member State and notified to the competent authority in that 
Member State, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the 
Final Terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or 
Final Terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose 
of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(ii) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(iii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer(s) 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(iv) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (ii) to (iv) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any 
Notes in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe the Notes. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors 
Each Dealer will be required to represent and agree (or, if the Dealer is Danske Bank A/S or any 
affiliate thereof, will be deemed to have represented and agreed), that it has not offered, sold or otherwise 
made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the

--- Page 208 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
 
 
 
 
D-16 
 
 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the relevant Issue Terms in relation thereto to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer will be required to represent and agree (or, if the Dealer is Danske Bank A/S or any 
affiliate thereof, will be deemed to have represented and agreed) that: 
(i) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated, and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated, any invitation or inducement to engage in 
investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in 
connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 would not, if the Issuer was not an authorised person, 
apply to the Issuer; and 
(ii) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the 
FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise 
involving the United Kingdom. 
Denmark 
Each Dealer will be required to represent and agree (or, if the Dealer is Danske Bank A/S or any 
affiliate thereof, will be deemed to have represented and agreed) that it has not offered or sold and will not 
offer, sell or deliver any Notes directly or indirectly in Denmark by way of a public offering, unless in 
compliance with the Danish Consolidated Act No. 1767 of 27 November 2020 on Capital Markets, as 
amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time, and Executive Orders issued thereunder and in 
compliance with Executive Order No. 2092 of 14 December 2020, as amended, supplemented or replaced from 
time to time, issued pursuant to the Danish Financial Business Act. 
Finland 
Each Dealer will be required to represent and agree (or, if the Dealer is Danske Bank A/S or any 
affiliate thereof, will be deemed to have represented and agreed), that it has not offered or sold and will not 
offer, sell or deliver any Notes directly or indirectly in Finland by way of a public offering, unless in 
compliance with all applicable provisions of the laws of Finland, including the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities 
are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and the Finnish Securities Markets Act 
(746/2012) and any regulation issued thereunder, as supplemented and amended from time to time.

--- Page 209 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
 
 
 
 
D-17 
 
 
Germany 
 
Each Dealer will be required to represent and agree that it has only offered or sold and that it will only 
offer or sell the Notes in the Federal Republic of Germany in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation (as 
defined above), the provisions of the German Securities Prospectus Act (Wertpapierprospektgesetz) and any 
other laws applicable in the Federal Republic of Germany governing the issue, sale, offering and distribution 
of the Notes. 
Norway 
Each Dealer will be required to represent and agree (or, if the Dealer is Danske Bank A/S or any 
affiliate thereof, will be deemed to have represented and agreed) that it has not offered or sold and will not 
offer, sell or deliver any Notes directly or indirectly in Norway by way of a public offering, unless in 
compliance with the Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 29 June 2007 no. 75 Section 7-1 and Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be 
published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and any 
regulation or rule issued thereunder, as supplemented and/or amended or replaced from time to time. 
Sweden 
Each Dealer will be required to represent and agree (or, if the Dealer is Danske Bank A/S or any 
affiliate thereof, will be deemed to have represented and agreed) that it has not offered or sold and will not 
offer, sell or deliver any Notes directly or indirectly in Sweden by way of a public offering, unless in 
compliance with all applicable provisions of the laws of Sweden and the EU, in particular in compliance with 
the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the 
prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated 
market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC (the Prospectus Directive) and any regulation or rule issued 
thereunder, as supplemented and amended from time to time. 
General 
With the exception of the application to the Central Bank for the approval of this document as a Base 
Prospectus issued in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation and relevant implementing measures in 
Ireland, no action has been or will be taken in any country or jurisdiction by the Issuer or any Dealer that would 
permit a public offering of Notes, or possession or distribution of any offering material in relation thereto, in 
any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Persons into whose hands this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Term comes are required by the Issuer and any Dealer to comply with all applicable 
laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes 
or have in their possession or distribute such offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such 
supplement or modification will be set out in the relevant Pricing Supplement (in the case of a supplement or 
modification relevant only to Exempt Notes) or (in any other case) in a supplement to this document.

--- Page 210 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
 
 
D-18 
 
 
SECTION D.5- TAXATION 
The following is a general description of relevant tax considerations and is not to be regarded as a 
complete tax analysis of all tax issues related to the Notes. This general description is based upon the law in 
effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such 
date. 
Investors in Notes may be required to pay taxes and other charges in accordance with applicable laws. 
The tax treatment applicable to an investor will depend on its individual circumstances and prospective 
investors in Notes should consult their professional tax advisers if they are in doubt about their own tax 
position. Tax legislation, including in the country where the investor is domiciled or tax resident and in the 
Issuer’s country of incorporation, may have an impact on the income that an investor receives from the Notes. 
In addition to the information below, investors should consider carefully the relevant Issue Terms to determine 
whether General Condition 8.1 (Gross-up) or General Condition 8.3 (No gross-up) is specified as Applicable.  
Danish Taxation 
The following high level summary applies to investors who are fully liable to tax in the Kingdom of 
Denmark. Investors who are fully liable to tax in the Kingdom of Denmark are individuals residing in the 
Kingdom of Denmark or individuals staying in the Kingdom of Denmark for a period of at least six months, 
as well as companies, foundations, etc., that are registered in the Kingdom of Denmark or whose effective 
place of management is in the Kingdom of Denmark. 
The tax treatment applicable to an investor depends on the individual circumstances of such investor 
and such individual circumstances, as well as Danish tax law, may be subject to change in the future. 
A Note qualifies as a financial contract under Danish tax law and gains and losses are taxed on an 
annual basis according to the “mark-to-market principle”, i.e. realised as well as unrealised gains and losses 
have to be recognised for tax purposes. 
Individuals are liable to tax on capital gains, and losses can be offset or deducted pursuant to special 
rules. Taxable capital gains and deductible losses are included in the capital income. Losses can be offset 
against any capital gains of financial contracts etc. of the same income year. Further losses can be deducted 
directly from the capital income if such losses do not exceed the taxed net gains on financial contracts etc. in 
previous income years from and including the income year 2002. Any further losses can be offset against 
realised net gains on shares or distributing equity funds traded on a regulated market. This set-off is conditional 
on the Notes being linked solely to shares, share baskets or share indices, and that either the Notes, the 
underlying shares, the distributing equity funds or the shares comprised by the equity index are traded on a 
regulated marked. Any losses in excess can be carried forward in the following income years and be offset 
against net capital gains of financial contracts or net gains from shares traded on a regulated marked. 
Self-employed persons can invest funds encompassed by the special business income scheme in the 
Notes. 
Investors liable to tax on pensions returns, e.g. life insurance companies may invest in the Notes. 
Private funds placed in individual pension schemes with banks can be used for investments in the Notes if the 
Notes are traded on a regulated market. For individual pension saving accounts the Notes are encompassed by 
certain restrictions, c.f. “The Executive Order on Pension Pools and Other Tax-Privileged Savings” etc. 
(“Puljebekendtgørelsen”). 
Companies, foundations, etc., that are registered in the Kingdom of Denmark or whose management 
is based in the Kingdom of Denmark are liable to tax on capital gains, and losses are deductible in the taxable 
income.

--- Page 211 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
 
 
D-19 
 
 
For holders of Notes who are not fully liable to tax in the Kingdom of Denmark or who are subject to 
a Danish international joint taxation scheme, or do not carry on business in the Kingdom of Denmark through 
a permanent establishment where the securities are connected, (i) payments of interest or principal amounts to 
any such holder of a Note are not subject to taxation in the Kingdom of Denmark, (ii) no withholding tax will 
be required on such payments, (iii) any gain realised upon the sale, exchange or retirement of a Note will not 
be subject to taxation in the Kingdom of Denmark and (iv) the applicable tax treatment is determined by the 
rules of the country of their residence. 
Finnish Taxation 
The following summary applies to investors who are fully liable to tax (tax residents) in Finland. 
Investors who are fully liable to tax in Finland are individuals having their home or main abode in Finland or 
individuals staying in Finland for a continuous period of more than six months, as well as companies, that are 
registered in Finland or otherwise established under Finnish law. A Finnish citizen is, however, normally 
deemed to be fully liable to tax in Finland until three years have elapsed from the end of the year during which 
the citizen left the country. 
The tax treatment applicable to a holder of Notes depends on the individual circumstances of the 
appropriate investor and the individual circumstances as explained above. Prospective purchasers of Notes 
should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries’ tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding 
and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and 
the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. This summary is based upon the law 
as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after 
such date, including changes with retroactive effect. 
Taxation of individuals 
Under present Finnish domestic tax law, holders of Notes, who are individuals or an estate of a 
deceased person and resident in Finland for tax purposes, will be subject to Finnish capital income tax on 
interest payments under the Notes in accordance with Income Tax Act (1535/1992, as amended). Also any 
gains realised on the sale or redemption of the Notes as well as accrued interest received (secondary market 
compensation) when the Notes are disposed of during the loan period shall be subject to Finnish capital income 
tax. According to tax practice, the Reference Item Amount paid at maturity in connection with redemption of 
capital guaranteed Notes is considered as interest income subject to capital income tax. The current tax rate 
applicable to annual taxable capital income up to EUR 30,000 is 30 per cent., while it is 34 per cent. for the 
portion of taxable capital income exceeding EUR 30,000. Capital losses realised on the sale or redemption of 
the Notes in 2016 or later are deductible from capital gains and from other capital income derived in the same 
year as the year of the relevant loss or in the five subsequent tax years. Special tax provisions may apply to 
small capital gains and losses. 
If Notes are acquired in the secondary market, any secondary market compensation paid is deductible 
from the capital income or, to the extent exceeding capital income, from earned income subject to limitations 
of the Income Tax Act. 
If an investment in the Notes has been made under an agreement on long term savings in accordance 
with the Act on Long Term Savings (1183/2009), special taxation rules apply. 
Tax withholding 
A Finnish credit institution, broker or a Finnish branch of a foreign credit institution shall deduct a 
preliminary withholding tax (Fi: “ennakonpidätys”) both from interest payments under the Notes and 
secondary market compensation paid to resident individuals or estates of a deceased person. Preliminary 
withholding tax liability is not applicable to capital gains and losses derived from the Notes. The rate of 
preliminary withholding tax for capital income in 2021 is 30 per cent.

--- Page 212 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
 
 
D-20 
 
 
Taxation of legal entities 
For holders of Notes, who are resident limited liability companies or other resident entities subject to 
corporate income tax, interest payments and capital gains under the Notes are regarded as taxable income. The 
current tax rate for limited companies and other entities subject to corporate tax is 20 per cent. 
Transfer Taxation 
A transfer of the Notes is not subject to Finnish transfer taxation. 
Tax Compliance Requirements 
Under Finnish domestic tax law, a Finnish credit institution, a Finnish branch of a foreign credit 
institution or a Finnish broker is obliged to report any interest payments under the Notes and any secondary 
market compensations paid and received to the Finnish tax administration. Capital gains and losses derived 
from the Notes by individuals and estates of deceased persons shall also be reported to the Finnish tax 
administration under certain conditions. 
Resident individuals and estates of deceased persons are required to review the tax information related 
to the Notes contained in their pre-completed annual tax return and, if necessary, correct or complete the 
information in the tax return. 
German Taxation 
The following is a general discussion of certain German tax consequences of the acquisition, holding 
and disposal of Notes. It does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all German tax considerations 
that may be relevant to a decision to purchase Notes, and, in particular, does not consider any specific facts or 
circumstances that may apply to a particular purchaser. This summary is based on the tax laws of Germany 
currently in force and as applied on the date of this Base Prospectus, which are subject to change, possibly 
with retroactive or retrospective effect. 
As each Series or Tranche of Notes may be subject to a different tax treatment due to the specific terms 
of such Series or Tranche of Notes as set out in the respective Final Terms, the following section only provides 
some general information on the possible tax treatment. Tax consequences that may arise if an investor 
combines certain series of Notes so that he or she derives a certain return are not discussed herein. 
The law as currently in effect provides for a reduced flat tax rate for certain investment income.  There 
is an on-going discussion in Germany whether the reduced tax rate should be increased or abolished altogether 
so that investment income would be taxed at regular rates. It is still unclear, whether, how and when the current 
discussion may result in any legislative changes. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisors as to the tax 
consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposal of Notes, including the effect of any state, local or 
church taxes, under the tax laws of Germany and any country in which they are resident or whose tax laws 
apply to them for other reasons. 
The Issuer does not assume any responsibility for the withholding of German taxes at source. 
German Tax Residents 
This section “German Tax Residents” refers to persons who are tax residents of Germany (i.e. persons 
whose residence, habitual abode, statutory seat, or place of effective management and control is located in 
Germany). 
Withholding tax on on-going payments and capital gains

--- Page 213 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
 
 
D-21 
 
 
On-going payments received by a holder of Notes whose Notes do not form part of a trade or business 
or other economic activity (“private Holder”) will be subject to German withholding tax if the Notes are kept 
or administered in a custodial account with a German branch of a German or non-German bank or financial 
services institution, a German securities trading company or a German securities trading bank (each, a 
“Disbursing Agent”, auszahlende Stelle). The tax rate is 25 per cent. (plus solidarity surcharge at a rate of 5.5 
per cent. thereon, the total withholding being 26.375 per cent.). For individuals who are subject to church tax 
an electronic information system for church withholding tax purposes applies in relation to investment income, 
with the effect that church tax will be collected by the Disbursing Agent by way of withholding unless the 
investor has filed a blocking notice (Sperrvermerk) with the German Federal Central Tax Office 
(Bundeszentralamt für Steuern) in which case the investor will be assessed to church tax.  
The same treatment applies to interest accrued up to the time of the sale of Notes (“Accrued Interest”, 
Stückzinsen) and capital gains (i.e. the difference between the proceeds from the disposal, redemption, 
repayment or assignment after deduction of expenses directly related to the disposal, redemption, repayment 
or assignment and the cost of acquisition) derived by a private Holder of Notes provided the Notes have been 
kept or administered in a custodial account with the same Disbursing Agent since the time of their acquisition. 
If Notes of the same Tranche or Series that are kept or administered in the same custodial account were 
acquired at different points in time, the Notes first acquired will be deemed to have been sold first for the 
purposes of determining the capital gains. Where Notes are acquired and/or sold or redeemed in a currency 
other than Euro, the sales/redemption price and the acquisition costs have to be converted into Euro on the 
basis of the foreign exchange rates prevailing on the sale or redemption date and the acquisition date 
respectively with the result that any currency gains or losses are part of the capital gains. If interest coupons 
or interest claims are disposed of separately (i.e. without the Notes), the proceeds from the disposal are subject 
to withholding tax. The same applies to proceeds from the payment of interest coupons or interest claims if 
the Notes have been disposed of separately. 
To the extent the Notes have not been kept or administered in a custodial account with the same 
Disbursing Agent since the time of their acquisition, upon the disposal, redemption, repayment or assignment 
withholding tax applies at a rate of 26.375 per cent. (including solidarity surcharge, plus church tax, if 
applicable) on 30 per cent. of the disposal proceeds (plus Accrued Interest, if any), unless the current 
Disbursing Agent has been notified of the actual acquisition costs of the Notes by the previous Disbursing 
Agent or by a statement of a bank or financial services institution from another Member State of the European 
Union or European Economic Area or from certain other countries (e.g. Switzerland or Andorra). 
Pursuant to administrative guidance losses incurred by a noteholder from bad debt 
(Forderungsausfall) or a waiver of a receivable (Forderungsverzicht) are generally not tax-deductible. The 
same rules should apply if the Notes expire worthless. According to a recently introduced legislation losses 
from capital claims of private investors can now generally be offset against income derived from capital 
investments up to an amount of €20,000 p.a. Further, losses from Notes which qualify for tax purposes as 
forward/futures transactions may only be applied against profits from other forward/futures transactions, and 
only up to an amount of EUR 20,000.00 in a given year. Losses exceeding that threshold can be carried 
forward. 
In computing any German tax to be withheld, the Disbursing Agent generally deducts from the basis 
of the withholding tax negative investment income realised by a private Holder via the Disbursing Agent (e.g. 
losses from the sale of other securities with the exception of shares). The Disbursing Agent also deducts 
Accrued Interest on the Notes or other securities paid separately upon the acquisition of the respective security 
by a private Holder via the Disbursing Agent. In addition, subject to certain requirements and restrictions the 
Disbursing Agent credits foreign withholding taxes levied on investment income in a given year regarding 
securities held by a private Holder in the custodial account with the Disbursing Agent. 
Private Holders are entitled to an annual allowance (Sparer-Pauschbetrag) of EUR 801 (EUR 1,602 
for couples and for partners filing jointly) for all investment income received in a given year. Upon the private 
Holder filing an exemption certificate (Freistellungsauftrag) with the Disbursing Agent, the Disbursing Agent

--- Page 214 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
 
 
D-22 
 
 
will take the allowance into account when computing the amount of tax to be withheld. No withholding tax 
will be deducted if the Holder has submitted to the Disbursing Agent a certificate of non-assessment 
(Nichtveranlagungs-Bescheinigung) issued by the competent local tax office. 
German withholding tax will not apply to gains from the disposal, redemption, repayment or 
assignment of Notes held by a corporation while ongoing payments, such as interest payments, are subject to 
withholding tax (irrespective of any deductions of foreign tax and capital losses incurred). The same may apply 
where the Notes form part of a trade or business, subject to further requirements being met. 
Taxation of current income and capital gains 
The personal income tax liability of a private Holder deriving income from capital investments under 
the Notes is, in principle, settled by the tax withheld. To the extent withholding tax has not been levied, such 
as in the case of Notes kept in custody abroad or if no Disbursing Agent is involved in the payment process, 
the private Holder must report his or her income and capital gains derived from the Notes on his or her tax 
return and then will also be taxed at a rate of 25 per cent. (plus solidarity surcharge thereon and church tax, 
where applicable). If the withholding tax on a disposal, redemption, repayment or assignment has been 
calculated from 30 per cent. of the disposal proceeds (rather than from the actual gain), a private Holder may 
and in case the actual gain is higher than 30 per cent. of the disposal proceeds must also apply for an assessment 
on the basis of his or her actual acquisition costs. Further, a private Holder may request that all investment 
income of a given year is taxed at his or her lower individual tax rate based upon an assessment to tax with 
any amounts over withheld being refunded. In each case, the deduction of expenses (other than transaction 
costs) on an itemized basis is not permitted. 
Losses incurred with respect to the Notes can only be off-set against investment income of a private 
Holder realised in the same or the following years. 
Where Notes form part of a trade or business the withholding tax, if any, will not settle the personal 
or corporate income tax liability and interest (accrued) must be taken into account as income. Where Notes 
qualify as zero coupon notes and form part of a trade or business, each year the part of the difference between 
the issue or purchase price and the redemption amount attributable to such year must be taken into account. 
The respective holder of Notes has to report income and related (business) expenses on the tax return and the 
balance will be taxed at the holder’s applicable tax rate. Withholding tax levied, if any, will be credited against 
the personal or corporate income tax of the holder of Notes. Where Notes form part of a German trade or 
business the current income and gains from the disposal, redemption, repayment or assignment of the Notes 
may also be subject to German trade tax. Where according to an applicable accounting standard Notes include 
an embedded derivative the holder may have to account for a receivable and a derivative. The deduction of 
losses from derivatives may be ring-fenced as discussed below. 
Generally the deductibility of capital losses from notes which qualify for tax purposes as 
forward/futures transaction is limited. These losses may only be applied against profits from other 
forward/futures transactions derived in the same or, subject to certain restrictions, the previous year. Otherwise 
these losses can be carried forward indefinitely and, within certain limitations, applied against profits from 
forward/futures transactions in subsequent years. This generally does not apply to forward/futures transactions 
hedging risks from the holder’s ordinary business. Further special rules apply to credit institutions, financial 
services institutions and finance companies within the meaning of the German Banking Act. 
Non-German Tax Residents 
Interest and capital gains are not subject to German taxation, unless (i) the Notes form part of the 
business property of a permanent establishment, including a permanent representative, or a fixed base 
maintained in Germany by the holder or (ii) the income otherwise constitutes German-source income. In cases 
(i) and (ii) a tax regime similar to that explained above under “German Tax Residents” applies.

--- Page 215 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
 
 
D-23 
 
 
Non-residents of Germany are, in general, exempt from German withholding tax on interest and capital 
gains. However, where the income is subject to German taxation as set forth in the preceding paragraph and 
the Notes are kept or administered in a custodial account with a Disbursing Agent, withholding tax may be 
levied under certain circumstances. Where Notes are not kept in a custodial account with a Disbursing Agent 
and interest or proceeds from the disposal, assignment or redemption of a Note or an interest coupon are paid 
by a Disbursing Agent to a non-resident upon delivery of the Notes or interest coupons, withholding tax 
generally will also apply. The withholding tax may be refunded based on an assessment to tax or under an 
applicable tax treaty. 
Solidarity surcharge  
Pursuant to recently introduced legislation, the solidarity surcharge (Solidaritätszuschlag) is partially 
abolished for certain individuals. The solidarity surcharge shall, however, continue to apply for investment 
income and, thus, on withholding taxes levied. In case the individual income tax burden for a private Holder 
tax resident in Germany is lower than 25% such Holder can apply for his/her investment income being assessed 
at his/her individual tariff-based income tax rate in which case solidarity surcharge would be refunded (see 
above). 
Inheritance and Gift Tax 
No inheritance or gift taxes with respect to any Notes will arise under the laws of Germany, if, in the 
case of inheritance tax, neither the deceased nor the beneficiary, or, in the case of gift tax, neither the donor 
nor the donee, is a resident of Germany and such Note is not attributable to a German trade or business for 
which a permanent establishment is maintained, or a permanent representative has been appointed, in 
Germany. Exceptions from this rule apply to certain German expatriates. 
Other Taxes 
No stamp, issue or registration taxes or such duties will be payable in Germany in connection with the 
issuance, delivery or execution of the Notes. Currently, net assets tax (Vermögensteuer) is not levied in 
Germany. 
Irish Taxation 
The following is a summary of the principal Irish withholding tax consequences of ownership of the 
Notes for investors who are the absolute beneficial owner of the Notes. It is based on the laws and practice of 
the Revenue Commissioners currently in force in Ireland as at the date of this Base Prospectus and may be 
subject to change. The statements in this summary are based on the understanding that the Notes will be treated 
as debt for Irish tax purposes. Particular rules not discussed below may apply to certain classes of taxpayers 
holding Notes, including dealers in securities and trusts. The summary does not constitute tax or legal advice 
and the comments below are of a general nature only and it does not discuss all aspects of Irish taxation that 
may be relevant to any particular holder of Notes. Prospective investors in the Notes should consult their 
professional advisors on the tax implications of the purchase, holding, redemption or sale of the Notes and the 
receipt of payments thereon under the laws of their country of residence, citizenship or domicile. 
Withholding Tax 
Tax at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent.) is required to be withheld from payments 
of Irish source interest. The Issuer will not be obliged to withhold Irish income tax from payments of interest 
on the Notes so long as such payments do not constitute Irish source income. Interest paid on the Notes should 
not be treated as having an Irish source unless: 
(i) 
the Issuer is resident in Ireland for tax purposes; or

--- Page 216 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
 
 
D-24 
 
 
(ii) 
the Issuer has a branch or permanent establishment in Ireland, the assets or income of which 
are used to fund the payments on the Notes; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer is not resident in Ireland for tax purposes but the register for the Notes is maintained 
in Ireland or (if the Notes are in bearer form) the Notes are physically held in Ireland. 
It is anticipated that, (i) the Issuer is not and will not be resident in Ireland for tax purposes; (ii) the 
Issuer does not and will not have a branch or permanent establishment in Ireland; (iii) bearer Notes will not be 
physically located in Ireland; and (iv) the Issuer will not maintain a register of any registered Notes in Ireland. 
Encashment Tax 
In certain circumstances, Irish tax will be required to be withheld at the standard rate of income tax 
(currently 20 per cent.) from any interest, dividends or annual payments payable out of or in respect of the 
stocks, funds, shares or securities of a company not resident in Ireland, where such interest, dividends or annual 
payments are collected or realised by a bank or encashment agent in Ireland for payment to any person who is 
Irish resident. Encashment tax should not apply where the Noteholder is not resident in Ireland and has made 
a declaration in the prescribed form to the encashment agent or bank. 
Luxembourg Taxation 
The following information is of a general nature only and is based on the laws presently in force in 
Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. The 
information contained within this section is limited to Luxembourg withholding tax, registration duties and 
taxes and gift tax issues and prospective investors in the Notes should therefore consult their own professional 
advisers as to the effects of state, local or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be 
subject. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for 
Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a withholding tax, 
registration duties and taxes and gift tax or a tax of a similar nature, or to any other concepts, refers to 
Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. 
Withholding Tax 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments of 
principal, premium or interest made to non-resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in 
respect of the Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of the 
Notes held by non-resident holders of Notes. 
Resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 2005, 
as amended (the “Relibi Law”), there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, premium or interest 
made to Luxembourg resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of Notes, nor is 
any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of Notes held by Luxembourg 
resident holders of Notes. 
Under the Relibi Law, payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent 
established in Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of Luxembourg will be subject 
to a withholding tax of 20 per cent. Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of income tax if the beneficial 
owner is an individual acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth. Responsibility for the

--- Page 217 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
 
 
D-25 
 
 
withholding of the tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. Payments of interest under the Notes 
coming within the scope of the Relibi Law will be subject to a withholding tax at a rate of 20 per cent.] 
Registration duties, taxes and gift taxes 
In principle, neither the issuance nor the transfer, repurchase or redemption of Notes will give rise to 
any Luxembourg registration tax or similar taxes.  
However, a fixed or ad valorem registration duty may be due upon the registration of the Notes in 
Luxembourg in the case where the notes are physically attached to a public deed or to any other document 
subject to mandatory registration, as well as in the case of a registration of the Notes on a voluntary basis. 
Where a holder of Notes is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes at the time of his/her death, the 
Notes are included in his/her taxable estate for inheritance tax assessment purposes. 
Gift tax may be due on a gift or donation of Notes if embodied in a Luxembourg deed passed in front 
of a Luxembourg notary or recorded in Luxembourg. 
Norwegian Taxation 
Below is a summary of certain Norwegian tax matters related to the purchase, holding and disposal of 
the Notes. The summary is based on Norwegian Laws, rules and regulations applicable as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus, and is subject to any changes in law occurring after such date.  Such changes could possibly 
be made on a retroactive basis. The summary does not address foreign tax laws. 
The summary is of a general nature and does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the 
Norwegian tax considerations that may be relevant for a decision to acquire, own or dispose of Notes. Specific 
tax consequences may occur for different categories of Noteholders, e.g. if the Noteholder ceases to be tax 
resident in Norway etc. 
Norwegian tax legislation does not currently include statutory legislation relating specifically to Notes.  
Instead, taxation treatment must be derived from general tax rules and principles applicable to capital income 
and capital gains. Norwegian tax law is based on substance over form. If the applicable Final Terms includes 
conditions which are common to equity instruments and the relevant Notes, after an overall assessment, have 
more characteristics of equity instruments rather than debt, the economic reality might overrule the formalities 
for income tax purposes. Thus, the applicable Final Terms may cause the taxation of the relevant Notes to 
depart from the taxation treatment described in this summary. In the following, it is assumed that the Notes do 
not qualify as equity instruments for income tax purposes.   
The summary is solely related to holders of Notes who are resident in Norway for tax purposes 
(“Norwegian Noteholders”). However, companies incorporated and resident abroad are liable to tax in 
Norway on distribution and gains from Notes in the same manner as Norwegian resident companies, if the 
Notes are effectively connected with a business carried out through a permanent establishment in Norway. 
Due to the general nature of this summary, potential investors are advised to consult with and rely on 
their own tax advisers. 
Taxation on Distribution to the Noteholder 
Norwegian Noteholders, both physical persons and companies, are liable to tax in Norway on 
payments in respect of interest or similar payments in respect of Notes classified as debentures for Norwegian 
tax purposes. The tax rate is 22 per cent.

--- Page 218 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
 
 
D-26 
 
 
If a Note is repaid with a higher amount than the price at which it was issued (discounted bond), the 
excess amount shall be a part of the calculation of the gain or loss when the Note is sold or redeemed. 
Taxation on sale and redemption of Notes 
Norwegian Noteholders, both physical persons and companies, are taxable in Norway in respect of 
capital gains on the sale and redemption of Notes and have a corresponding right to deduct losses that arise 
from such redemption or realisation. The tax liability applies irrespective of how long the Notes have been 
owned and the number of Notes that have been redeemed or realised. 
Gains or losses are calculated per Note as the consideration received in respect of the Note less the tax 
basis of the Note. The tax basis of each Note is generally the Norwegian Noteholder’s purchase price for the 
Note. Costs incurred in connection with the acquisition, redemption or realisation of the Note may be deducted 
from the Norwegian Noteholder’s taxable ordinary income in the year of redemption or realisation. 
Gains are taxable as ordinary income in the year of sale or redemption, and losses can be deducted 
from ordinary income in the year of sale or redemption. Norwegian Noteholders holding Notes issued with a 
discount (compared to the nominal value) will also be taxed the year of realisation of the Note. The tax rate 
for ordinary income is 22 per cent. 
If the Norwegian Noteholder owns Notes acquired at different points in time, the Notes that were 
acquired first will be regarded as the first to be disposed of, on a first-in, first-out basis (the FIFO principle). 
Norwegian withholding tax 
Norwegian withholding tax is not applicable to payments in respect of interest or similar payments on 
Notes or on capital gains on sale or redemption of Notes. However, please note that from 1 July 2021 Norway 
will impose withholding tax on interest payments to related parties which are resident in low tax jurisdictions. 
Net wealth tax 
Norwegian Noteholders that are limited liability companies and similar entities are not subject to net 
wealth taxation in Norway. 
Norwegian Noteholders that are physical persons are subject to net wealth taxation in Norway.  Notes 
are included as part of the taxable base for this purpose. The value for assessment purposes for listed notes is 
the listed value as of 1 January in the year of assessment. Unlisted bonds are generally valued at face value. 
The maximum aggregate rate of net wealth tax is currently 0.85 per cent. 
Stamp duty 
There is no stamp duty or other charges in Norway on the purchase, redemption or realisation with 
cash settlement of Notes. 
Foreign taxes 
Income taxes or capital gains taxes payable by Norwegian Noteholders in other jurisdictions, or 
withholding tax payable on redemption amounts in respect of the Notes, may be deducted when calculating 
the Norwegian tax payable on the same income. The deduction is limited, however, to the corresponding 
amount of Norwegian tax applicable. The right for both Norwegian and other jurisdictions to tax Norwegian 
Noteholders directly or through the application of withholding taxes may be limited by an applicable tax treaty.

--- Page 219 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
 
 
D-27 
 
 
Inheritance tax 
Norway does not impose inheritance tax or similar tax on inheritance or gifts. However, the heir 
acquires the donor’s tax input value of the Notes based on principles of continuity. Thus, the heir will be 
taxable for any increase in value in the donor’s ownership, at the time of the heir’s realisation of the Notes.] 
Swedish Taxation 
The following summary applies to investors who are domiciled and fully liable to tax in Sweden, i.e. 
tax residents in Sweden. The summary only applies to notes which from a Swedish tax perspective are regarded 
as listed. The information below is general and does not cover all categories of tax payers or situations e.g. the 
information does not cover the taxation of investments made through an investment savings account 
(“investeringssparkonto”) or securities treated as current assets (“lager”) for tax purposes. Other tax 
consequences may apply for investors who are not domiciled in Sweden and considered non- residents for tax 
purposes in Sweden. 
The tax treatment applicable to an investor depends on the individual circumstances of such investor 
and such individual circumstances, as well as Swedish tax law, may be subject to change in the future. Tax 
consequences that are not outlined below may arise and investors should seek advice from their tax advisors 
prior to any decision to invest. 
Taxation of individuals 
Disposals of Notes are generally taxed according to the capital gains rules. Capital gains/losses are 
calculated as the difference between the relevant sales price (less any sales costs) and the relevant acquisition 
cost. Acquisition costs are generally determined based on the “average method”, meaning that the average 
acquisition cost of Notes of the same kind should be calculated. Alternatively, acquisition costs in respect of 
listed Notes which are considered equity-linked rights (Sw. delägarrätter) are calculated by applying a 
standardised acquisition cost calculated as 20 per cent of the sales price less sales cost. 
Normally the reference item(s) to which a security is linked are decisive when determining the tax 
consequences of an investment in the Note. If such reference item(s) are shares or share indices or a basket of 
shares the relevant security will be taxed as equity-linked rights (“delägarrätter”). If such reference item(s) 
are other types of indices or a mixture of indices where the indices which are not share indices at date of issue 
exceed 50 per cent. of the reference item(s), the relevant Note will be taxed as a Swedish receivable (“Sw. 
fordringsrätt”) if the settlement currency is SEK. However, if the settlement currency of the relevant security 
is not SEK, it will be taxed as a foreign receivable (Sw. “utländsk fordringsrätt”). 
Individuals are liable to tax on capital gains as investment income at a tax rate of 30 per cent. Capital 
losses on listed share-linked rights can be fully set off against capital gains on shares, equity-linked rights and 
other types of securities taxed as shares. Any further loss is deductible at 70 per cent. against any other capital 
income. 
Capital losses on listed receivables are fully deductible against other investment income. 
If an investor’s total investment income is negative after possible set-offs pursuant to the above, such 
a deficit can reduce tax on other types of income according to special rules. The tax reduction amounts to 30 
per cent. of a deficit up to SEK 100,000. Should the deficit exceed SEK 100,000 a reduction of 21 per cent. of 
the excess may be granted. Deficits may not be carried forward to a subsequent fiscal year for individuals. 
The following apply to certain types of Notes. 
Currency-Linked and Commodity-Linked Notes

--- Page 220 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
 
 
D-28 
 
 
Currency-Linked and Commodity-Linked notes are considered receivables. An increase in value is 
considered as a capital gain. Fixed payments during the term of the Note are considered as interest. 
A loss is considered as deductible capital loss which is fully deductible if the Note is listed. If the Note 
is not listed, 70 per cent of the loss is deductible. 
Equity-Linked Notes and Fund-Linked Notes 
Equity-Linked Notes and Fund-Linked Notes are considered equity-linked rights and are treated in the 
same way as shares and other equity-linked rights. Fixed payments during the duration of the Note are 
considered as interest. Variable payments which are linked to the development of an index and paid during the 
lifetime of the Note are considered as other income of equity. 
A capital loss is fully deductible against gains on other equity-linked rights (e.g. shares, Equity-Linked 
Notes etc.), if the Equity-Linked Notes are listed. 
Equity-Linked Notes which are not settled in SEK are treated as foreign receivables. A loss on a 
foreign receivable is fully deductible in the same way as Swedish receivables. 
Notes linked to a mix of reference items 
If the Reference Item(s) are a mixture of Indices, where the Indices which are not share indices at the 
date of issue exceed 50 per cent. of the Reference Item(s), the relevant Note will be taxed as a Swedish 
receivable (“Sw. fordringsrätt”) if the settlement currency is SEK. 
Tax Withholding 
Preliminary tax withholding at a rate of 30 per cent. is made on interest paid to individuals residing in 
Sweden and to Swedish estates of deceased persons in accordance with chapter 10 and 17 
Skatteförfarandelagen 2011:1244. 
Swedish withholding tax is due at redemption of a zero-coupon note. However, no withholding tax is 
due if a zero-coupon note is disposed of before the maturity date. 
Taxation of legal entities 
Companies and other legal entities are normally taxed on all income. Capital gains on equity-linked 
rights, receivables and other assets are included in the company income and taxed at a rate of 21.4 per cent if 
the tax year have started before the 1 of January 2021. If the tax year started after the 31 of December the 
company will be taxed at a rate of 20.6 per cent. 
Capital losses can be set-off against other company income. However, capital losses on equity-linked 
rights can only be set-off against capital gains derived from the disposal of shares and other types of securities 
taxed as shares in the same year. Capital losses on equity-linked rights which are not utilised can be carried 
forward indefinitely. Such losses may, subject to special rules, in some circumstances be utilized by other 
group companies against that group company’s capital gains on shares and other types of securities taxed as 
shares. 
The proposed financial transactions tax (“FTT”) 
 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s 
Proposal”) for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy,

--- Page 221 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
 
 
D-29 
 
 
Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the “participating Member States”). However Estonia has since 
stated that it will not participate. 
 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced apply to certain dealings 
in the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. 
 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within 
and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes 
where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member 
State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a 
broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member 
State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member 
State. 
 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States. 
It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation. Additional EU Member States may decide to 
participate. Therefore, it is currently uncertain whether and when the proposed FTT will be enacted by the 
participating EU Member States and when it will take effect with regard to dealings in the Notes. 
 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the 
FTT. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as 
FATCA, withholding may be required on, among other things, (i) certain payments made by “foreign financial 
institutions” (“foreign passthru payments”) and (ii) dividend equivalent payments (as described below in “-
U.S. Dividend Equivalent Withholding”), in each case, to persons that fail to meet certain certification, 
reporting or related requirements. The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of 
jurisdictions (including Denmark) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental 
agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA 
applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution 
in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments 
that it makes. 
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, 
including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments 
on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. If withholding would be required 
pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to foreign passthru payments, such withholding would not apply 
prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments 
are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise 
characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or before the 
relevant grandfathering date would be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially 
modified after such date. The grandfathering date for (A) Notes that give rise solely to foreign passthru 
payments, is the date that is six months after the date on which final U.S. Treasury regulations defining the 
term foreign passthru payment are published generally, and (B) Notes that give rise to a dividend equivalent 
pursuant to Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the U.S. Treasury regulations 
promulgated thereunder, is six months after the date on which obligations of its type are first treated as giving 
rise to dividend equivalents. If additional notes (as described under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – 
Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable from such previously issued grandfathered Notes are issued after 
the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding 
agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as 
subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules 
may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA

--- Page 222 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
 
 
D-30 
 
 
or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a 
result of the withholding.  
U.S. Dividend Equivalent Withholding 
Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 treats a “dividend equivalent” payment as 
a dividend from sources within the United States that is generally subject to a 30 per cent. U.S. withholding 
tax that may be reduced by an applicable tax treaty, eligible for credit against other U.S. tax liabilities or 
refunded, provided that the beneficial owner timely claims a credit or refund from the IRS. A “dividend 
equivalent” payment is (i) a substitute dividend payment made pursuant to a securities lending or a sale-
repurchase transaction that (directly or indirectly) is contingent upon, or determined by reference to, the 
payment of a dividend from sources within the United States, (ii) a payment made pursuant to a “specified 
notional principal contract” that (directly or indirectly) is contingent upon, or determined by reference to, the 
payment of a dividend from sources within the United States, and (iii) any other payment determined by the 
IRS to be substantially similar to a payment described in (i) or (ii). U.S. Treasury regulations issued under 
Section 871(m) and applicable guidance (the “Section 871(m) Regulations”) require withholding on certain 
non-U.S. holders of the Notes with respect to amounts treated as dividend equivalent payments.  Under the 
Section 871(m) Regulations, only a Note that has an expected economic return sufficiently similar to that of 
the underlying U.S. security, based on tests set forth in the Section 871(m) Regulations, will be subject to the 
Section 871(m) withholding regime (making such Note a “Specified Note”). Certain exceptions to this 
withholding requirement apply, in particular for instruments linked to certain broad-based indices. 
Withholding in respect of dividend equivalents will generally be required when cash payments are 
made on, or upon the date of maturity, lapse or other disposition of, the Specified Note.  If the underlying U.S. 
security or securities are expected to pay dividends during the term of the Specified Note, withholding 
generally will still be required even if the Specified Note does not provide for payments explicitly linked to 
dividends. Additionally, the Issuer may withhold the full 30 per cent. tax on any payment on the Notes in 
respect of any dividend equivalent arising with respect to such Notes regardless of any exemption from, or 
reduction in, such withholding otherwise available under applicable law (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
where a non-U.S. holder is eligible for a reduced tax rate under an applicable tax treaty with the United States). 
A non-U.S. holder may be able to claim a refund of any excess withholding provided the required information 
is timely furnished to the U.S. Internal Revenue Service.  Refund claims are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements and there can be no assurance that a particular refund claim will be timely paid or paid at all. If 
the Issuer or any withholding agent determines that withholding is required, neither the Issuer nor any 
withholding agent will be required to pay any additional amounts with respect to amounts so withheld. 
The Section 871(m) Regulations will generally apply to Specified Notes issued on or after 1 January 
2017.  If the terms of a Note are subject to a “significant modification” (as defined for U.S. tax purposes), the 
Note generally would be treated as retired and reissued on the date of such modification for purposes of 
determining, based on economic conditions in effect at that time, whether such Note is a Specified Note. 
Similarly, if additional Notes of the same series are issued (or deemed issued for U.S. tax purposes, such as 
certain sales of Notes out of inventory) after the original issue date, the IRS could treat the issue date for 
determining whether the existing Notes are Specified Notes as the date of such subsequent sale or issuance.  
Consequently, a previously out of scope Note might be treated as a Specified Note following such modification 
or further issuance. 
In addition, payments on the Specified Notes may be calculated by reference to dividends on 
underlying U.S. securities that are reinvested at a rate of 70 per cent. In such case, in calculating the relevant 
payment amount, the holder will be deemed to receive, and the Issuer will be deemed to withhold, 30 per cent. 
of any dividend equivalent payments (as defined in Section 871(m) of the Code) in respect of the relevant U.S. 
securities. The Issuer will not pay any additional amounts to the holder on account of the Section 871(m) 
amount deemed withheld.

--- Page 223 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
 
 
D-31 
 
 
The relevant Issue Terms will indicate whether the Issuer has determined that Notes are Specified 
Notes and may specify contact details for obtaining additional information regarding the application of Section 
871(m) to Notes. A non-U.S. holder of Specified Notes should expect to be subject to withholding in respect 
of any underlying dividend-paying U.S. securities.  The Issuer’s determination is binding on non-U.S. holders 
of the Notes, but it is not binding on the IRS. The Section 871(m) Regulations require complex calculations to 
be made with respect to Notes linked to U.S. securities and their application to a specific issue of Notes may 
be uncertain. 
Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers regarding the potential application of 
Section 871(m) to the Notes.

--- Page 224 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS 
 
 
 
 
E-1 
 
 
SECTION E – TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
SECTION E.1 - GENERAL CONDITIONS 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions of the Notes which will include (i) the additional terms 
and conditions set out in Reference Item Schedule 1 (Rate-Linked Notes) in the case of Rate-Linked Notes, (ii) 
the additional terms and conditions set out in Reference Item Schedule 2 (Credit-Linked Notes) in the case of 
Credit-Linked Notes, (iii) the additional terms and conditions set out in Reference Item Schedule 3 (Inflation-
Linked Notes) in the case of Inflation-Linked Notes, (iv) the additional terms and conditions set out in 
Reference Item Schedule 4 (Index-Linked Notes) in the case of Index-Linked Notes, (v) the additional terms 
and conditions set out in Reference Item Schedule 5 (Equity-Linked Notes) in the case of Equity-Linked Notes, 
(vi) the additional terms and conditions set out in Reference Item Schedule 6 (Fund-Linked Notes) in the case 
of Fund-Linked Notes, (vii) the additional terms and conditions set out in Reference Item Schedule 7 (Currency 
Linked Notes) in the case of Currency-Linked Notes or where FX Principal Conversion and/or FX Option 
Conversion is specified as Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, (viii) the additional terms and conditions 
set out in Reference Item Schedule 8 (Commodity-Linked Notes) in the case of Commodity-Linked Notes and 
(ix) the additional terms and conditions set out in Reference Item Schedule 9 (Additional Disruption Events) 
where “Additional Disruption Events” are specified as Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms (Reference Item 
Schedule 1 (Rate-Linked Notes), Reference Item Schedule 2 (Credit-Linked Notes), Reference Item Schedule 
3 (Inflation-Linked Notes), Reference Item Schedule 4 (Index-Linked Notes), Reference Item Schedule 5 
(Equity-Linked Notes), Reference Item Schedule 6 (Fund-Linked Notes), Reference Item Schedule 7 (Currency 
Linked Notes), Reference Item Schedule 8 (Commodity-Linked Notes) and Reference Item Schedule 9 
(Additional Disruption Events) each a “Reference Item Schedule”), (x) the additional terms and conditions 
set out in Payout Schedule 1 (Interest) where the relevant Issue Terms specifies that the Notes bear interest 
and (xi) the additional terms and conditions set out in Payout Schedule 2 (Redemption) (Payout Schedule 1 
(Interest) and Payout Schedule 2 (Redemption), each a “Payout Schedule” and, together with the Reference 
Item Schedules, each a “Schedule” and together the “Schedules”). The Conditions (as defined below), as 
completed by the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, amended and/or replaced by the 
relevant Pricing Supplement, will be incorporated by reference into each Global Note (as defined below) and 
each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock exchange or other relevant 
authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted 
and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Conditions, as completed 
by the relevant Final Terms or amended and/or replaced by the relevant Pricing Supplement. The following is 
also the text of the Conditions of the Notes which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, amended and/or replaced by the relevant Pricing Supplement, will be applicable to each VP 
Systems Note. VP Systems Notes will not be evidenced by any physical note or document of title other than 
statements of account made by the VP, VPS, Euroclear Finland or Euroclear Sweden, as the case may be. 
Ownership of VP Systems Notes will be recorded and transfer effected only through the book entry system 
and register maintained by the VP, VPS, Euroclear Finland or Euroclear Sweden, as the case may be. 
1. 
Introduction 
1.1. 
Programme 
Danske Bank A/S (the “Issuer”) has established a Structured Note Programme (the “Programme”) 
for the issuance of up to EUR 5,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of notes (the “Notes”). 
References herein to the “Notes” shall be references to the Notes of this Series (as defined below) and 
shall mean, as the context requires: 
(i) 
in relation to any Bearer Notes represented by a global Note (a “Global Note”), units of each 
Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(ii) 
any Global Note;

--- Page 225 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS 
 
 
 
 
E-2 
 
 
(iii) 
in the case of any Bearer Notes, definitive Bearer Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note 
in bearer form; and 
(iv) 
VP Systems Notes. 
References herein to “Exempt Notes” are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published 
under the Prospectus Regulation. 
1.2. 
Issue Terms 
Notes are issued in series (each a “Series”) and each Series may comprise one or more tranches (each 
a “Tranche”) of Notes which are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and have the 
same Terms and Conditions in all respects, or in all respects except for the first payment of interest, if 
any, and/or the issue price thereof. Each Tranche is the subject of a Final Terms document (the “Final 
Terms”) or, in the case of Exempt Notes, a pricing supplement (the “Pricing Supplement”) which, 
in the case of the Final Terms, completes or, in the case of Exempt Notes, amends and/or replaces 
these terms and conditions (the “General Conditions”) and the applicable Schedule(s) (the General 
Conditions and the applicable Schedules together, the “Conditions”). The “Terms and Conditions” 
applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are the Conditions as completed by the relevant Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, amended and/or replaced by the relevant Pricing Supplement. 
In the event of any inconsistency between the Conditions and the relevant Issue Terms, the relevant 
Issue Terms shall prevail. 
For the purposes hereof, “Issue Terms” means either (i) where the Notes are not Exempt Notes, the 
relevant Final Terms or (ii) where the Notes are Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement, and 
should be construed accordingly. 
1.3. 
Issue and Paying Agency Agreement and VP Systems Agency Agreement 
The Notes are the subject of either: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes other than VP Systems Notes, an issue and paying agency agreement 
dated 16 June 2021 (as supplemented, amended and/or replaced from time to time, the 
“Agency Agreement”) between, inter alios, the Issuer and Citibank, N.A., London Branch as 
fiscal agent (the “Fiscal Agent”, which expression includes any successor fiscal agent 
appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes); or 
(ii) 
in the case of VP Systems Notes: 
(A) 
an agency agreement dated 16 June 2021 (as supplemented, amended and/or replaced 
from time to time, the “VP Systems Agency Agreement”) between the Issuer, 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch as Fiscal Agent in connection with the Agency 
Agreement, Danske Bank A/S as agent in respect of VP Systems Notes cleared 
through the VP, VPS and Euroclear Sweden and Danske Bank A/S, Finland Branch 
as agent in respect of VP Systems Notes cleared through Euroclear Finland (Danske 
Bank A/S in such capacity and Danske Bank A/S, Finland Branch each a “VP 
Systems Agent” and together the “VP Systems Agents”, which expression includes 
any successor agent appointed from time to time in connection with the relevant VP 
Systems Notes). The relevant VP Systems Agent will act as agent of the Issuer in 
respect of all dealings with the VP, VPS, Euroclear Finland or Euroclear Sweden, as 
the case may be, in respect of the relevant VP Systems Notes; and 
(B) 
the Agency Agreement to the extent specified therein.

--- Page 226 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS 
 
 
 
 
E-3 
 
 
1.4. 
Interest-bearing definitive Bearer Notes 
Interest-bearing definitive Bearer Notes have interest coupons (“Coupons”) and, if indicated in the 
relevant Issue Terms, talons for further Coupons (“Talons”) attached on issue. Any reference herein 
to “Coupons” shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons. 
Global Notes and VP Systems Notes do not have Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
1.5. 
Deed of Covenant 
The Notes (other than VP Systems Notes) have the benefit of a deed of covenant dated 16 June 2021 
(as supplemented, amended and/or replaced from time to time, the “Deed of Covenant”). 
1.6. 
The Notes 
All subsequent references in these Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes which are the subject of the 
relevant Issue Terms. Copies of the relevant Issue Terms are available for inspection by Holders during 
normal business hours at the Specified Office of each of the Paying Agents. In the case of a Tranche 
of Exempt Notes which are not admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation on any listing authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system or which are not offered in the European Economic Area in 
circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation 
(including Exempt Notes) copies of the Pricing Supplement will only be available for inspection by 
Holders (as defined in Condition 1.7 (Summaries) below) or, as the case may be, Relevant Account 
Holders (as defined in the Deed of Covenant) in respect of, such Notes. 
1.7. 
Summaries 
Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant 
and/or the VP Systems Agency Agreement and are subject to their detailed provisions. The holders of 
the Notes (the “Holders” or “Noteholders”, which expressions shall, where appropriate and subject 
to Condition 3.4 (Title to Global Notes), be deemed to include holders of definitive Bearer Notes (as 
defined herein), holders of VP Systems Notes (as defined herein) and Couponholders (as defined 
below)) and, in the case of interest-bearing definitive Bearer Notes, the holders of the related Coupons, 
if any, (the “Couponholders”) are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of 
the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant applicable to them. Copies of the Agency 
Agreement and the Deed of Covenant (i) are available for inspection by Holders during normal 
business hours at the Specified Office of each of the Paying Agents or (ii) may be provided by email 
to a Holder following their prior written request to any Paying Agent and provision of proof of holding 
and identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent). Holders of VP Systems Notes are 
bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the VP Systems Agency Agreement 
and copies of the VP Systems Agency Agreement (i) are available for inspection by Holders during 
normal business hours at the Specified Office of the VP Systems Agents or (ii) may be provided by 
email to a Holder following their prior written request to the VP Systems Agent and provision of proof 
of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the VP Systems Agent). 
2. 
Interpretation 
2.1. 
Definitions 
In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
“Affiliate” means in relation to any entity (the “First Entity”), any entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any 
entity directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes “control” 
means ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity;

--- Page 227 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS 
 
 
 
 
E-4 
 
 
“Applicable Business Centre(s)” means, in respect of a Business Day and subject as provided in the 
definition of Business Day, the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms; 
“Applicable Financial Centre(s)” means, in respect of a Payment Business Day and subject as 
provided in the definition of Payment Business Day, the city or cities specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms; 
“Bankruptcy Act” means the Danish Bankruptcy Act (Consolidated Act No. 217 of 15 March 2011, 
as amended); 
“Bearer Notes” means Notes issued in bearer form; 
“Benchmark” means any figure, level or value by reference to which any amount payable under the 
Notes, or the value of the Notes, is determined in whole or in part, including, without limitation, any 
benchmark as defined in the EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
“BRRD” means the Directive (2014/59/EU) of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
resolution and recovery of credit institutions and investment firms dated 15 May 2014 and published 
in the Official Journal of the European Union on 12 June 2014 (or, as the case may be, any provision 
of Danish law transposing or implementing such Directive), as amended or replaced from time to time 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, the amendments to such Directive resulting from Directive 
(EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 20 May 2019 (“BRRD II”) and 
published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019); 
“Business Day” means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in each Applicable Business Centre and, if TARGET is an Applicable Business 
Centre, a TARGET Settlement Day; 
“Business Day Convention”, in relation to any particular date, shall be as specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, may have different meanings in relation 
to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
“Following Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be postponed to 
the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
“Modified Following Business Day Convention” or “Modified Business Day Convention” 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business 
Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first 
preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
“Preceding Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be brought forward 
to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
“FRN Convention”, “Floating Rate Convention” or “Eurodollar Convention” means that 
each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date 
in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Issue Terms as 
the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred 
provided, however, that: 
(1) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in 
which any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which 
is a Business Day in that calendar month;

--- Page 228 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS 
 
 
 
 
E-5 
 
 
(2) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, 
then such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless 
that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first 
preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(3) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which 
was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which 
is a Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of 
months after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; 
and 
(4) 
“No Adjustment” means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in 
accordance with any Business Day Convention; 
“Calculation Agent” means the Person specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the party responsible 
for calculating the Redemption Amount(s) and/or the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or 
such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Payout Schedule and/or the relevant Issue 
Terms; 
“Calculation Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Issue Terms; 
“Clearstream, Luxembourg” means Clearstream Banking S.A.; 
“Code” means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986; 
“Contractual Currency” has the meaning given to such term in Condition 16 (Currency Indemnity); 
“Danish Financial Business Act” means the Danish Financial Business Act (Consolidated Act 
No. 1447 of 11 September 2020, as amended); 
“Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers” means any write-down, conversion, transfer, 
modification, suspension or similar or related power existing from time to time under, and exercised 
in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in Denmark, relating to (i) 
the transposition of the BRRD (or, as the case may be, any provision of Danish law transposing or 
implementing such Directive) as amended or replaced from time to time and (ii) the instruments, rules 
and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of the Issuer (or any affiliate of the 
Issuer) can be reduced, cancelled, modified or converted into Ordinary Shares, other securities or other 
obligations of the Issuer or any other Person (or suspended for a temporary period); 
“DFSA” means the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority (in Danish: “Finanstilsynet”) and any 
successor or replacement thereto, or other authority having primary responsibility for the prudential 
oversight and supervision of the Issuer, as determined by the Issuer; 
“Early Redemption Amount” means, in respect of each principal amount of the Notes equal to the 
Calculation Amount, either (i) an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent which represents the fair market value of such Calculation Amount (which, if so specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms, shall include amounts in respect of interest) on a day selected by the Issuer 
(ignoring for the purposes of a redemption pursuant to Condition 6.8 (Illegality), the relevant 
unlawfulness, illegality or prohibition) but adjusted (except in the case of any early redemption 
pursuant to Condition 9 (Events of Default)) to account fully for the proportionate losses, expenses 
and costs to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying and/or related hedging and 
funding arrangements in respect of the Notes (including, without limitation, any derivative contracts 
hedging the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes) provided that, for the purposes of determining the 
fair market value of such Calculation Amount for the purposes of Condition 9 (Events of Default), no

--- Page 229 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS 
 
 
 
 
E-6 
 
 
account shall be taken of the financial condition of the Issuer which shall be presumed to be able to 
perform fully its obligations in respect of the Notes or (ii) any other amount as may be specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, and, where applicable, calculated or determined in accordance with, Payout 
Schedule 2 (Redemption) or, in respect of Exempt Notes, calculated or determined in accordance with 
the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“EU Benchmarks Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial 
contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds, as amended from time to time; 
“euro” means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the functioning of the European Union, as amended; 
“Euroclear” means Euroclear Bank SA/NV; 
“Euroclear Finland” means Euroclear Finland Oy, the Finnish central securities depository; 
“Euroclear Sweden” means Euroclear Sweden AB, the Swedish central securities depository; 
“Events of Default” has the meaning given to such term in Condition 9 (Events of Default); 
“Exempt Notes” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 1.1 (Programme); 
“Extraordinary Resolution” has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
“Final Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Note, such amount as may be specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms and, where applicable, determined in accordance with, Payout Schedule 2 
(Redemption) and/or, in respect of Exempt Notes, calculated or determined in accordance with the 
relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“FS” means “Finansiel Stabilitet” and any successor or replacement thereto, or other resolution 
authority with the ability to exercise any Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers in relation to the 
Issuer, in any case as determined by the Issuer; 
“General Administrator/Benchmark Event” means, in relation to any Benchmark, the occurrence 
of a General Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event, a General Non-Approval Event, a General 
Rejection Event, a General Suspension/Withdrawal Event or a Non-Representative Announcement, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
“General Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event” means, in relation to a Benchmark, any of 
the following has occurred or will occur: 
(i) 
any material change in such Benchmark (including, but not limited to, any material change to 
the definition of, or the methodology or formula for the determination of, such Benchmark or 
other means of calculating such Benchmark);  
(ii) 
permanent or indefinite cancellation or cessation in the provision of such Benchmark; or 
(iii) 
a regulator or other official sector entity prohibits the use of such Benchmark such that any of 
the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and any other entity is unable to perform its obligations in 
respect of the Notes; 
“General Non-Approval Event” means, in relation to a Benchmark, the determination by the 
Calculation Agent that one or more of the following events has occurred:

--- Page 230 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS 
 
 
 
 
E-7 
 
 
(i) 
any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval in 
respect of such Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of such Benchmark has not been 
or will not be obtained; 
(ii) 
such Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of such Benchmark has not been or will not 
be included in an official register; or 
(iii) 
such Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of such Benchmark does not or will not fulfil 
any legal or regulatory requirement applicable to the Notes, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent 
or such Benchmark, 
in each case, as is or will be required under any applicable law or regulation in order for any of the 
Issuer, the Calculation Agent and any other entity to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a General Non-Approval Event shall not be deemed to occur if at the time 
of occurrence or continuation of any event described above, each of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent 
and any other entity is permitted to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes; 
“General Rejection Event” means, in respect of a Benchmark, the determination by the Calculation 
Agent that the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body rejects or refuses or will 
reject or refuse any application for authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, an 
equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register which, in each case, is or will be 
required in relation to the Notes, such Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of such Benchmark 
under any applicable law or regulation for any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and any other entity 
to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes; 
“General Suspension/Withdrawal Event” means, in respect of a Benchmark, the determination by 
the Calculation Agent that one or more of the following events has occurred: 
(i) 
the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body suspends or withdraws or will 
suspend or withdraw any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence 
decision or approval in relation to such Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of such 
Benchmark which is or will be required under any applicable law or regulation in order for 
any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and any other entity to perform its obligations in 
respect of the Notes; or 
(ii) 
such Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of such Benchmark is or will be removed 
from any official register where inclusion in such register is or will be required under any 
applicable law or regulation in order for any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and any other 
entity to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a Suspension/Withdrawal Event shall not occur if, at the time of 
occurrence or continuation of any event described above, each of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent 
and any other entity is permitted to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes; 
“Hedging Party” means any party to the Issuer’s and/or any of its Affiliates’ hedging activities in 
respect of the Notes. 
“Interest Amount” has the meaning given to such term in Payout Schedule 1 (Interest); 
“Issue Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Issue Terms; 
“Maturity Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Issue Terms, subject as provided in Payout 
Schedule 2 (Redemption);

--- Page 231 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS 
 
 
 
 
E-8 
 
 
“Maximum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Issue Terms; 
“Member States” means the member states of the European Economic Area; 
“Minimum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Issue Terms; 
“Non-Representative Announcement” means, in respect of a Benchmark, an official announcement 
by the supervisor of the administrator and/or sponsor of such Benchmark that such Benchmark is no 
longer representative or, as of a future specified date, will no longer be representative of any relevant 
underlying market(s); 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Call)” means, in respect of any Note, its Outstanding Principal 
Amount, or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these 
Conditions or, in respect of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Put)” means, in respect of any Note, its Outstanding Principal 
Amount, or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these 
Conditions or, in respect of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“Optional Redemption Date (Call)” has the meaning given in the relevant Issue Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Date (Put)” has the meaning given in the relevant Issue Terms; 
“Ordinary Shares” means fully paid-up ordinary shares in the capital of the Issuer; 
“Outstanding Principal Amount” means, in respect of a Note, its principal amount; 
“Paying Agents” means the Fiscal Agent and any substitute or additional paying agents appointed in 
accordance with the Agency Agreement; 
“Payment Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of Bearer Notes, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in (a) in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place 
of presentation and (b) each Applicable Financial Centre specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
and, if TARGET is an Applicable Finance Centre, a TARGET Settlement Day; and 
(ii) 
in the case of VP Systems Notes, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in each Applicable Financial Centre specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms and, if TARGET is an Applicable Finance Centre, a TARGET 
Settlement Day; 
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
“Prospectus Regulation”, when used in these Conditions, means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129; 
“Put Option Notice” means a notice, in the form available from the Specified Office of any Paying 
Agent which must be delivered to the Specified Office of a Paying Agent by any Holder wanting to 
exercise its right to require the Issuer to redeem a Note at the option of the Holder;

--- Page 232 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS 
 
 
 
 
E-9 
 
 
“Put Option Receipt” means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Holder upon deposit 
of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Holder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the 
option of the Holder; 
“Redemption Amount” means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put) or such 
other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of, these Conditions or, in respect of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement; 
“Relevant Amounts” means the outstanding principal amount of the Notes or any other amounts due, 
together with any accrued but unpaid interest and additional amounts (as described in Condition 8) 
that have become due and payable in respect of the Notes but which have not been paid, prior to the 
exercise of any Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the FS;  
“Relevant Date” means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which 
the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received in 
the Applicable Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such 
due date, the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been 
given to the Holders; 
“Securities Act” means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 
“Specified Currency” has the meaning given in the relevant Issue Terms; 
“Specified Denomination(s)” has the meaning given in the relevant Issue Terms; 
“Specified Office” has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement or the VP Systems Agency 
Agreement, as the case may be; 
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any Person (the “first Person”) at any particular time, any other 
Person (the “second Person”): 
(i) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, whether by 
ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the governing 
body of the second Person or otherwise; or 
(ii) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person; 
“Talon” means a talon for further Coupons; 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-time 
Gross settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (“TARGET”), which was launched on 19 
November 2007, or any successor thereto is open for the settlement of payments in euro; 
“Treaty” means the Treaty on the functioning of the European Union, as amended; 
“UK Benchmarks Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; 
“VP” means VP Securities Services (VP Securities A/S), the Danish central securities depository; 
“VPS” means the Norwegian Central Securities Depository (Verdipapirsentralen ASA or Euronext 
VPS); and;

--- Page 233 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS 
 
 
 
 
E-10 
 
 
“VP Systems Notes” means Notes issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form cleared 
through the VP, VPS, Euroclear Finland or Euroclear Sweden, as the case may be. 
2.2. 
Interpretation: 
In these Conditions: 
(i) 
References herein to a numbered “Condition” are references to a Condition of these General 
Conditions, references in the Schedules to a “General Condition” are references to a 
Condition of these General Conditions, references (if any) in the Conditions to a “Reference 
Item Condition” are references to a Condition in the relevant Reference Item Schedule, 
references in the Conditions to an “Interest Payout Condition” are references to a Condition 
in Payout Schedule 1 (Interest) and references herein to a “Redemption Payout Condition” 
are references to a Condition in Payout Schedule 2 (Redemption). 
(ii) 
any reference to “Notes” shall be deemed to include references to Coupons, if relevant, and 
any reference to “Holders” or “Noteholders” shall be deemed to include references to 
Couponholders, if relevant; 
(iii) 
if the relevant Issue Terms specify that the Notes do not bear interest, references to “Coupons” 
and “Couponholders” are not applicable; 
(iv) 
in the case of Notes which have more than 27 interest payments remaining at the time of 
exchange of any Global Note for Notes in definitive form, references to “Coupons” shall be 
deemed to include references to Talons; 
(v) 
in the case of Notes which have less than 27 interest payments remaining at the time of 
exchange of any Global Note for Notes in definitive form, references to Talons are not 
applicable; 
(vi) 
any reference to “principal” shall be deemed to include (A) the Redemption Amount or any 
other amounts payable pursuant to Payout Schedule 2 (Redemption), (B) any additional 
amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 8.1 (Gross-up), (C) 
any premium payable in respect of a Note and (D) any other amount in the nature of principal 
payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vii) 
any reference to “interest” shall be deemed to include any amounts payable pursuant to 
Payout Schedule 1 (Interest), any additional amounts in respect of interest which may be 
payable under Condition 8.1 (Gross-up) and any other amount in the nature of interest payable 
pursuant to these Conditions; 
(viii) 
references to Notes being “outstanding” shall be construed in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement; 
(ix) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2.1 (Definitions) to have the meaning given in the 
relevant Issue Terms, but the relevant Issue Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that 
such expression is “not applicable” then such expression is not applicable to the Notes; 
(x) 
any reference to the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant or the VP Systems Agency 
Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant 
or the VP Systems Agency Agreement, as the case may be, as amended and/or supplemented 
up to and including the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes;

--- Page 234 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS 
 
 
 
 
E-11 
 
 
(xi) 
if the relevant Issue Terms specify any Redemption Amount on a per Calculation Amount 
basis, the relevant Redemption Amount in respect of a Note shall be deemed to be the product 
of the relevant Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination of such Note; and 
(xii) 
VP Systems Notes are in dematerialised form, and any references in these Conditions to 
Coupons and Talons shall not apply to VP Systems Notes. 
3. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
3.1. 
Form of Notes 
The Notes are Bearer Notes or VP Systems Notes, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms and, in the 
case of definitive Bearer Notes, serially numbered, in the Specified Currency and the Specified 
Denomination(s). 
In the case of VP Systems Notes cleared through Euroclear Finland, such VP Systems Notes are issued 
in accordance with the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry System and Clearing Operations (Laki arvo-
osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta (348/2017), as amended) and the Finnish Act on Book-
Entry Accounts (Laki arvo-osuustileistä (827/1991), as amended) and all other applicable Finnish 
laws, regulations, operating procedures and decisions applicable to and/or issued by Euroclear Finland. 
3.2. 
Type of Notes 
The Notes may bear interest, depending upon the Interest Basis (if any) shown in the relevant Issue 
Terms. The Final Redemption Amount in respect of the Notes will depend on the 
Redemption/Payment Basis specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
3.3. 
Title to definitive Notes 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery in accordance 
with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. The Issuer and any Paying Agent will (except as 
otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Note or Coupon as the absolute 
owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon 
or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, 
without prejudice to the provisions set out in Condition 3.4 (Title to Global Notes). 
3.4. 
Title to Global Notes 
For so long as any of the Bearer Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) 
who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the 
holder of a particular principal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other 
document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the principal amount of such Notes 
standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case 
of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and the Paying Agents as the holder of such principal 
amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest 
on such principal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant bearer Global 
Note shall be treated by the Issuer and any Paying Agent as the holder of such principal amount of 
such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions 
“Noteholder” and “Holder” and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Bearer Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may

--- Page 235 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS 
 
 
 
 
E-12 
 
 
be. References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, 
be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent. 
3.5. 
Exchanges 
Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified 
Denomination. Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for VP Systems Notes and vice versa. 
3.6. 
VP Systems Notes 
Title to VP Systems Notes will pass by registration in the registers between the direct or indirect 
accountholders at the VP, VPS, Euroclear Finland or Euroclear Sweden, as the case may be, in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of the VP, VPS, Euroclear Finland or Euroclear Sweden, as 
the case may be. The Holder of a VP Systems Note will be the person evidenced (including any 
nominee) as such by a book entry in the records of the VP, VPS, Euroclear Finland or Euroclear 
Sweden, as the case may be. The person so evidenced as a Holder of VP Systems Notes shall be treated 
as the Holder of such Notes for all purposes. 
The Issuer shall be entitled to receive information regarding the identity of Holders maintained by the 
VP, VPS, Euroclear Finland or Euroclear Sweden, as the case may be, and from time to time shall be 
entitled to review the “debt ledgers” maintained by the VP, VPS, Euroclear Finland or Euroclear 
Sweden, as the case may be, which contain details of the Holders. 
4. 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and 
rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and at least pari passu with all other 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, present and future, save for certain mandatory 
exceptions provided by law. 
5. 
Interest 
The Notes may be interest bearing or non-interest bearing depending on the Interest Basis (if any) 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms. Interest shall accrue at the rate or shall be determined as set out 
in Payout Schedule 1 (Interest) and/or, in respect of Exempt Notes, in the relevant Pricing Supplement. 
6. 
Redemption, Adjustments and Purchase 
6.1. 
Scheduled redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be redeemed at their Final 
Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition 7 (Payments). The Final 
Redemption Amount shall be either as specified in the relevant Issue Terms and, where applicable, 
determined as set out in Payout Schedule 2 (Redemption) and/or, in respect of Exempt Notes, 
calculated or determined in accordance with the relevant Pricing Supplement. 
6.2. 
Early redemption 
The Notes may be redeemed early in the circumstances (if any) specified in Payout Schedule 2 
(Redemption) and/or, in respect of Exempt Notes, in the relevant Pricing Supplement, subject as 
provided in Condition 7 (Payments).

--- Page 236 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS 
 
 
 
 
E-13 
 
 
6.3. 
Early redemption for tax reasons 
If, in relation to any Series of Notes, Condition 8.1 (Gross-up) is specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
as being applicable and: 
(i) 
as a result of any change in the laws, regulations or rulings of Denmark or of any political 
subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax or in the 
interpretation or administration of any such laws, regulations or rulings which becomes 
effective on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of such Notes, the Issuer would be 
required to pay additional amounts as provided in Condition 8.1 (Gross-up); and 
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
the Issuer may, at its option and having given no less than the minimum period of notice nor more 
than the maximum period of notice (if any) specified in the relevant Issue Terms (ending, in the case 
of Floating Rate Notes, on a day upon which interest is payable) to the Holders in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem all (but not some only) of the 
outstanding Notes comprising the relevant Series at the Early Redemption Amount, together with, if 
so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, accrued interest, provided, however, that no such notice of 
redemption may be given earlier than ninety days (or, in the case of Notes which are Floating Rate 
Notes, a number of days which is equal to the aggregate of the number of days falling within the then 
current interest period applicable to the Notes plus sixty days) prior to the earliest date on which the 
Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then 
due. 
If Condition 8.3 (No gross-up) is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being applicable, this 
Condition 6.3 shall not apply to the Notes. 
6.4. 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
If Call Option is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed 
at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, in part on any 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call), together with 
accrued interest (if any) thereon upon the Issuer’s giving not less than the minimum period of notice 
nor more than the maximum period of notice (if any) specified in the relevant Issue Terms to the 
Holders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige 
the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes specified in such notice on the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (Call)). 
If the Notes are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the notice to Holders referred to in this Condition 6.4 
shall specify the serial numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed. 
If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, then any such redemption must be of a principal amount not greater than the maximum 
or be less than the minimum so specified. 
The Issuer may not exercise such option in respect of any Note which is the subject of the prior exercise 
by the Holder of its Put Option pursuant to Condition 6.6 (Redemption at the option of Holder). 
6.5. 
Partial redemption 
If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with Condition 6.4 (Redemption 
at the option of the Issuer):

--- Page 237 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS 
 
 
 
 
E-14 
 
 
(i) 
in the case of Bearer Notes in definitive form, the Notes to be redeemed shall be drawn by lot 
in such European city as the Fiscal Agent may specify, or identified in such other manner or 
in such other place as the Fiscal Agent may approve and deem appropriate and fair; 
(ii) 
in the case of Global Notes, the Notes to be redeemed will be selected in accordance with the 
rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal 
amount, at their discretion); or 
(iii) 
in the case of VP Systems Notes, the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected in accordance 
with the standard procedures of the VP, VPS, Euroclear Finland or Euroclear Sweden, as the 
case may be, from time to time. 
6.6. 
Redemption at the option of Holder 
If Put Option is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being applicable, upon a Holder of any Note 
giving not less than the minimum period of notice nor more than the maximum period of notice (if 
any) specified in the relevant Issue Terms to the Issuer, the Issuer will redeem such Note on the 
Optional Redemption Date (Put) at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with 
interest (if any) accrued to such date. 
If the Note is a Bearer Note in definitive form, in order to exercise the option contained in this 
Condition 6.6, the Holder of such Note must, within the notice period described above, deposit at the 
Specified Office of any Paying Agent such Note together with all unmatured Coupons relating thereto 
and a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent specifying the 
aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount in respect of which such option is exercised. The Paying 
Agent with which a Note is so deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the 
depositing Holder. No Note, once deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice in accordance 
with this Condition 6.6, may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Put), any such Note becomes immediately due and payable or, upon due 
presentation of any such Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of the 
redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent shall mail 
notification thereof to the depositing Holder at such address as may have been given by such Holder 
in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its Specified Office for collection by the 
depositing Holder against surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long as any outstanding 
Note is held by a Paying Agent in accordance with this Condition 6.6, the depositor of such Note and 
not such Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the holder of such Note for all purposes. 
If the Notes are represented by a Global Note, in order to exercise the option contained in this 
Condition 6.6, the Holder of such Global Note must, within the notice period set out above, give 
written notice of such exercise to the Fiscal Agent specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect 
of which such option is being exercised. 
If the Note is a VP Systems Note, in order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 6.6, the 
Holder of such Note must, within the notice period set out above, give notice to the relevant VP 
Systems Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of the VP, VPS, Euroclear 
Finland or Euroclear Sweden, as the case may be, from time to time. 
Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
The Holder of a Note may not exercise such Put Option in respect of any Note which is the subject of 
an exercise by the Issuer of its Call Option.

--- Page 238 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS 
 
 
 
 
E-15 
 
 
6.7. 
Redemption/Adjustment for a General Administrator/Benchmark Event 
In the event that a General Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs, the Issuer may (at its option):  
(i) 
make such adjustment(s) to the Terms and Conditions as it may determine appropriate to 
account for the relevant event or circumstance and, without limitation, such adjustments may 
(a) consist of one or more amendments and/or be made on one or more dates (b) be determined 
by reference to any adjustment(s) in respect of the relevant event or circumstance made in 
relation to any hedging arrangements in respect of the Notes and (c) include selecting a 
successor benchmark(s) and making related adjustments to the Terms and Conditions 
including, where applicable, adding an adjustment spread (which may be positive or negative) 
or any adjustment to reflect any increased costs of the Issuer providing exposure to the 
replacement or successor benchmark(s) and, in the case of more than one successor 
benchmark, making provision for allocation of exposure as between the successor 
benchmarks; or 
(ii) 
redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes, each Note being redeemed at the Early 
Redemption Amount, together with, if so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, accrued 
interest. 
Prior to the effective date of any adjustment or any date of early redemption, the Issuer shall give 
notice to the Holders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) of the occurrence of the relevant 
General Administrator/Benchmark Event and the action to be taken in relation thereto. 
For the avoidance of doubt, other than as provided in Reference Item Schedule 1, the above is 
additional, and without prejudice, to any other terms of the Notes.  In the event that under any such 
terms any other consequences could apply in relation to an event or occurrence the subject of a General 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, the Issuer shall determine which terms shall apply. 
6.8. 
Illegality 
In the event that the Calculation Agent determines that the performance of the Issuer’s obligations 
under the Notes or that any arrangements made to hedge the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes has 
or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part as a result of compliance 
with any applicable present or future law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or directive of any 
governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial authority or power, or in the interpretation thereof, 
the Issuer having given not less than ten nor more than thirty days’ notice to Holders in accordance 
with Condition 15 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), may, on expiry of such notice redeem 
all, but not some only, of the Notes, each Note being redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount 
together with, if so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, accrued interest. 
6.9. 
Purchase 
The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise 
and at any price, provided that, in the case of Bearer Notes, all unmatured Coupons are purchased 
therewith. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, in the case of Bearer Notes, surrendered to any 
Paying Agent for cancellation. 
6.10. 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so cancelled and the 
Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 6.9 (Purchase) above (together, in the case of 
Bearer Notes, with all unmatured Coupons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Fiscal Agent

--- Page 239 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS 
 
 
 
 
E-16 
 
 
or, in the case of VP Systems Notes, shall be deleted from the records of the VP, VPS, Euroclear 
Finland or Euroclear, as the case may be, and, in either case, cannot be reissued or resold. 
7. 
Payments 
7.1. 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of 
the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial 
centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively); and 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the 
payee, by a euro cheque. 
7.2. 
Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal and unpaid amounts (if any and if applicable) in respect of accrued interest (in 
the case of early redemption of the Notes other than on a date scheduled for payment of such interest) 
in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided 
in Condition 7.1 (Method of payment) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case 
of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Bearer Notes, and payments of interest in 
respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, 
in each case at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, 
as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia, 
its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)). 
7.3. 
Coupons for definitive Fixed Rate Notes (other than Long Maturity Notes) 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) should 
be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression 
shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing 
which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in 
full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears 
to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted 
will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any 
time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date in respect of such principal (whether or not 
such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 10 (Prescription)) or, if later, five 
years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event 
thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will 
be issued in respect thereof. 
7.4. 
Coupons for definitive Notes (other than Fixed Rate Notes which are not Long Maturity Notes) 
Upon the date on which any Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which is not a Long Maturity Note) 
in definitive bearer form becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating

--- Page 240 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS 
 
 
 
 
E-17 
 
 
thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange 
for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A “Long Maturity Note” is a Fixed Rate Note 
(other than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose principal amount on issue 
is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long 
Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to 
be paid after that date is less than the principal amount of such Note. 
7.5. 
Bearer Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note in bearer 
form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive 
Bearer Notes and otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note against presentation 
or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States. A record of each payment made against presentation or surrender of any 
Global Note in bearer form, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of 
interest, will be made on such Global Note by the Paying Agent to which it was presented and such 
record shall be prima facie evidence that the payment in question has been made. 
7.6. 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The Holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, 
the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the 
records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular principal 
amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the 
order of, the Holder of such Global Note.  
7.7. 
Payments in New York City 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 7, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal 
and/or interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the Specified Office of a Paying Agent in the 
United States if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with Specified Offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. 
dollars at such Specified Offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and 
interest on the Bearer Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such Specified Offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
7.8. 
VP Systems Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of VP Systems Notes shall be made to the Holders shown 
in the relevant records of the VP, VPS, Euroclear Finland or Euroclear Sweden, as the case may be, 
in accordance with, and subject to the rules and regulations from time to time governing, the VP, VPS, 
Euroclear Finland or Euroclear Sweden.

--- Page 241 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS 
 
 
 
 
E-18 
 
 
7.9. 
Payment Business Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Business 
Day, the Holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Business 
Day and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. 
7.10. 
Payments subject to applicable laws 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment or other laws and regulations to which the Issuer, theFiscal Agent and any VP 
Systems Agents are subject, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation); (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code 
or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto and (iii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to 
Section 871(m) of the Code.  In addition, in determining the amount of withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to Section 871(m) of the Code imposed with respect to any amounts to be paid on 
the Notes, the Issuer shall be entitled to withhold on any “dividend equivalent” (as defined for purposes 
of Section 871(m) of the Code) at the highest rate applicable to such payments regardless of any 
exemption from, or reduction in, such withholding otherwise available under applicable law. 
Payments on the Notes that reference U.S. securities or an index that includes U.S. securities may be 
calculated by reference to dividends on such U.S. securities that are reinvested at a rate of 70 per cent. 
In such case, in calculating the relevant payment amount, the holder will be deemed to receive, and 
the Issuer will be deemed to withhold, 30 per cent. of any dividend equivalent payments (as defined 
in Section 871(m) of the Code) in respect of the relevant U.S. securities. The Issuer will not pay any 
additional amounts to the holder on account of the Section 871(m) amount deemed withheld.  
8. 
Taxation 
8.1. 
Gross-up 
If Condition 8.1 is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being applicable, all payments of principal 
and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free 
and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld 
or assessed by or on behalf of Denmark or any political subdivision therein or any authority or agency 
therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, 
assessments, or governmental charges is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such 
additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Holders after such withholding or deduction of such 
amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, 
except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in relation to any payment in respect of any 
Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of it having some 
connection with Denmark other than: 
(a) 
the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or 
(b) 
the receipt of principal, interest or other amount in respect of such Note or Coupon; 
or

--- Page 242 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS 
 
 
 
 
E-19 
 
 
(ii) 
presented for payment more than thirty days after the Relevant Date, except to the extent that 
the relevant Holder would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting the 
same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a Payment Business 
Day; or 
(iii) 
where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of 
the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof or any 
law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto; or 
(iv) 
where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to Section 871(m) of the Code. 
8.2. 
Taxing jurisdiction 
If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than Denmark, references in 
these Conditions to Denmark shall be construed as references to Denmark and/or such other 
jurisdiction. 
8.3. 
No gross-up 
If Condition 8.3 is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall not be 
liable for or otherwise obliged to pay any tax, duty, withholding or other payment which may arise as 
a result of the ownership, transfer, presentation and surrender for payment, or enforcement of any Note 
and all payments made by the Issuer shall be made subject to any tax, duty, withholding or other 
payment which may be required to be made, paid, withheld or deducted. 
9. 
Events of Default 
9.1. 
Events of Default 
The following events or circumstances, or, in respect of Exempt Notes, the following events or 
circumstances as modified by, and/or such other events as may be specified in, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement (each an “Event of Default”) shall be acceleration events in relation to the Notes of any 
Series, namely: 
(i) 
the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal or interest in respect of the Notes of the relevant 
Series or any of them on the due date for payment thereof and such default continues for a 
period of five days on which banks are open for business in Copenhagen after written notice 
has been given by the Fiscal Agent or the Holder of any such Note to the Issuer; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any of its other obligations under or 
in respect of the Notes of the relevant Series and (except in any case where such default is 
incapable of remedy when no such continuation or notice, as is hereinafter mentioned, will be 
required) such default remains unremedied for thirty days after written notice requiring such 
default to be remedied has been received by the Issuer from the Fiscal Agent or the Holder of 
any such Note; or 
(iii) 
a distress, execution, seizure before judgment or other legal process is levied or enforced or 
sued out upon or against any part of the property, assets or revenues of the Issuer which is 
material in its effect upon the operation of the Issuer and is not discharged or stayed within 
sixty days of having been so levied, enforced or sued out; or 
(iv) 
(A) an application for the commencement of bankruptcy against the assets of the Issuer is filed 
and the application has been filed by or on behalf of the Issuer, or (B) a third party has filed

--- Page 243 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS 
 
 
 
 
E-20 
 
 
an application for the commencement of bankruptcy against the assets of the Issuer and (the 
earlier of) either (1) the DFSA advises the competent court to open up bankruptcy 
proceedings, or (2) the competent court opens bankruptcy proceedings against the assets of 
the Issuer, or (C) under Section 233 of the Danish Financial Business Act, the DFSA permits 
liquidators of the Issuer appointed pursuant to Sections 227 or 228 of the Danish Financial 
Business Act to file a petition for bankruptcy under and pursuant to Section 17 of the 
Bankruptcy Act in relation to the Issuer, or (D) under Sections 233 or 234 of the Danish 
Financial Business Act, the DFSA files a petition for bankruptcy under and pursuant to Section 
17 of the Bankruptcy Act in relation to the Issuer; or 
(v) 
under Section 238 of the Danish Financial Business Act, the DFSA files a petition for the 
suspension of payments of the Issuer. 
9.2. 
Acceleration 
If any Event of Default shall occur in relation to any Series of Notes, any Holder of a Note of the 
relevant Series may, by written notice to the Issuer (effective upon receipt), at the specified office of 
the Fiscal Agent, declare that such Note and (if the Note is interest-bearing) together with all interest 
(if any) accrued thereon shall be forthwith due and payable, whereupon the same shall become 
immediately due and payable at its Early Redemption Amount, together with all interest (if any) 
accrued thereon without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which the 
Issuer will expressly waive, anything contained in such Notes to the contrary notwithstanding, unless, 
prior thereto, all Events of Default in respect of the Notes of the relevant Series shall have been cured. 
10. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal shall become void unless the relevant Notes are presented for payment within ten 
years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest shall become void unless the relevant 
Coupons are presented for payment within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
11. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the 
Specified Offices of the Fiscal Agent (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent having its Specified Office 
in the place required by such listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all 
applicable laws and listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon 
payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on such 
terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require. 
Mutilated or defaced Notes or Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
12. 
Agents, Discretions and Determinations 
12.1. 
Obligations of Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement or the VP Systems Agency Agreement and in connection with 
the Notes and the Coupons, each of the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent and each VP Systems 
Agent acts solely as agent of the Issuer and does not assume any obligations towards or relationship 
of agency or trust for or with any of the Holders or Couponholders, and each of them shall only be 
responsible for the performance of the duties and obligations expressly imposed upon it in the Agency 
Agreement, the VP Systems Agency Agreement or other agreement entered into with respect to its 
appointment or incidental thereto.

--- Page 244 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS 
 
 
 
 
E-21 
 
 
12.2. 
Termination of Appointments 
The initial Paying Agents and the VP Systems Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed in 
the Agency Agreement or the VP Systems Agency Agreement, as applicable. The Calculation Agent 
in respect of any Notes shall be specified in the relevant Issue Terms. The Issuer reserves the right at 
any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent (including the Fiscal Agent) or 
any VP Systems Agent or the Calculation Agent and to appoint an additional or successor fiscal agent, 
paying agent, calculation agent or agent in connection with the Notes; provided, however, that: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent; 
(ii) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Issuer shall at all times 
maintain a Calculation Agent; 
(iii) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing on any listing authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular 
place, the Issuer shall maintain a Paying Agent (which may be the Fiscal Agent) with a 
Specified Office in the place required by such listing authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system; 
(iv) 
in the case of VP Systems Notes, the Issuer shall at all times maintain a VP Systems Agent 
authorised to act as an account holding institution with the VP, VPS, Euroclear Finland or 
Euroclear Sweden, as the case may be; and 
(v) 
in the circumstances described in Condition 7.7 (Payments in New York City), a Paying Agent 
with a Specified Office in New York City. 
12.3. 
Change of Specified Offices 
The Paying Agents, the VP Systems Agents and the Calculation Agent reserve the right at any time to 
change their respective Specified Offices to some other Specified Office provided that (in the case of 
the Paying Agents only) such specified office shall be in the same city. Notice of any change in the 
identities or Specified Offices of any Paying Agent, the VP Systems Agents or the Calculation Agent 
shall promptly be given to the Holders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices). 
12.4. 
Discretions and Determinations 
Except as otherwise expressly set out herein or, in respect of Exempt Notes, in the relevant Pricing 
Supplement, all discretions exercised and calculations and determinations made in respect of the Notes 
by either the Calculation Agent or the Issuer shall be made in its sole and absolute discretion and in 
good faith and shall (save in the case of manifest error) be final, conclusive and binding on the Issuer, 
the Fiscal Agent, the VP Systems Agents any other Paying Agent, the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders. 
The Calculation Agent may, with the consent of the Issuer, delegate any of its obligations and functions 
to a third party as it deems appropriate. 
12.5. 
Exercise of Discretion 
In exercising its discretion in respect of the Notes as provided herein, each of the Issuer and the 
Calculation Agent may take into account such factors as it determines appropriate in each case, which 
may include in particular any circumstances or events which have or may have a material impact on 
the hedging arrangements entered into by the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates and/or a Hedging Party 
in respect of the Notes. The exercise of the Issuer’s and/or the Calculation Agent’s discretion in respect

--- Page 245 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS 
 
 
 
 
E-22 
 
 
of the Notes as provided herein are necessary because certain circumstances or events (for example a 
material modification or disruption to any reference item or basis of reference to which the Notes are 
linked) may occur subsequent to the issuance of the Notes which may materially affect the costs to the 
Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates and/or a Hedging Party of maintaining the relevant Notes or relevant 
hedging arrangements. Such circumstances or events may not have been reflected in the pricing of the 
Notes. In addition, as a result of certain circumstances or events (e.g. unavailability or material 
disruption to any reference source) it may no longer be reasonably practicable or otherwise appropriate 
for certain valuations in respect of the reference item or basis of reference to which the Notes are 
linked to be made, thus making it necessary for the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent to exercise its 
discretion in such a case.  
As used herein, “hedging arrangements” means the arrangements, if any, the Issuer makes to have 
available to it the relevant cash amounts to be paid under the Notes as these fall due. This may involve 
the Issuer and/or a Hedging Party investing directly in the reference item(s) or basis of reference to 
which the Notes are linked. Alternatively, the Issuer and/or a Hedging Party may make an indirect 
investment by entering into or acquiring a derivative contract referencing the reference item(s) or basis 
of reference to which the Notes are linked. Such hedging arrangements may be carried out on a 
portfolio basis (i.e. where the Hedging Party maintains arrangements for hedging the Notes together 
with other obligations of the Issuer or its Affiliates). The Issuer will select hedging arrangements which 
are efficient for it in the context of the tax, regulatory and business environment in which it operates. 
The Issuer and/or a Hedging Party may also adjust hedging arrangements from time to time but will 
not always be able to avoid adverse costs, taxes or regulatory changes which affect its hedging 
arrangements. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is under no obligation to enter into any hedging 
arrangements and, if any hedging arrangements are entered into, such arrangements will not confer 
any rights or entitlements on any Noteholder and no Noteholder will have recourse to any such hedging 
arrangements. 
12.6. 
Determination of amounts payable 
The Calculation Agent will employ the methodology described in these Conditions and/or, in respect 
of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement to determine amounts payable in respect of the 
Notes and Coupons.  When making any such determination in relation to any amounts so payable, the 
Calculation Agent may in its sole and absolute discretion consider any relevant information, which 
may but is not required to include, without limitation, one or more of the following: 
(i) 
quotations (either firm or indicative) supplied by one or more third parties or information 
sources; 
(ii) 
information consisting of relevant market data in the relevant markets supplied by one or more 
third parties or information sources including, without limitation, relevant rates, prices, yields, 
yield curves, volatilities, spreads correlation or other relevant market data in the relevant 
market; or 
(iii) 
information of the types described in (i) or (ii) above from internal sources (including any 
Affiliates of the Calculation Agent) or other information of a type used by the Calculation 
Agent in the regular course of its business or in connection with similar transactions. 
Whenever the Calculation Agent is required to make any determination it may, inter alia, decide issues 
of construction and legal interpretation. Any delay, deferral or forbearance by the Calculation Agent 
in the performance or exercise of any of its obligations or discretions under the Notes including, 
without limitation, the giving of any notice by it to any person, shall not affect the validity or binding 
nature of any later performance or exercise of such obligation or discretion.

--- Page 246 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS 
 
 
 
 
E-23 
 
 
12.7. 
Disclaimer of liability 
The Calculation Agent makes no express or implied representations or warranties as to (i) the 
advisability of investing in or obtaining exposure to the Notes, (ii) the value of the Notes at any 
particular time on any particular date, or (iii) any amounts that may become payable in respect of the 
Notes. 
Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall the Calculation Agent have any liability 
(whether in negligence or otherwise) to any Noteholders for any direct, indirect, special, punitive, 
consequential or any other damages (including loss of profits) even if notified of the possibility of 
such damages. 
12.8. 
Conflict of Interest 
In addition to providing calculation agency services to the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any of its 
Affiliates may perform further or alternative roles relating to the Issuer and any Series of Notes 
including, but not limited to, for example, being involved in arrangements relating to any of the 
reference items (for example as a calculation agent or, in the case of a proprietary index for example, 
as index sponsor).  Furthermore, the Calculation Agent or any of its Affiliates may contract with the 
Issuer and/or enter into transactions which relate to the Issuer, the Notes or any of the reference items 
and as a result the Calculation Agent may face a conflict between its obligations as Calculation Agent 
and its and/or its Affiliates’ interests in other capacities.  Subject to all regulatory obligations, neither 
the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent in respect of the Notes shall owe any duty or responsibility to any 
Noteholder to avoid any conflict or to act in the interests of any Noteholder. 
13. 
Meetings of Holders; Modification and Waiver 
13.1. 
Meetings of Holders of Notes other than VP Systems Notes 
This Condition 13.1 is applicable only in relation to Notes other than VP Systems Notes. The Agency 
Agreement contains provisions (which shall have effect as if incorporated herein) for convening 
meetings (including by way of conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) of Holders of 
Notes of any Series (other than VP Systems Notes) to consider and vote upon matters relating to such 
Series of Notes, including (without limitation) the modification by Extraordinary Resolution (as 
defined in the Agency Agreement) of any provision of these Conditions and the Deed of Covenant 
insofar as the same may apply to such Notes. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such 
meeting of Holders of Notes of any Series will be binding on all Holders of Notes of such Series, 
whether present or not at the meeting and on all Holders of Coupons relating to Notes of such Series. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Holders who for the time being are 
entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Holders of Notes will take effect as if it were an Extraordinary 
Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in 
the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Holders of Notes. 
13.2. 
Modification of Notes other than VP Systems Notes 
This Condition 13.2 is applicable only in relation to Notes other than VP Systems Notes. The Issuer 
may, with the consent of the Fiscal Agent, amend the Notes, these Conditions and the Deed of 
Covenant without the consent of the Holders or Couponholders (subject to notice being given to such 
Holders in accordance with the provisions of Condition 15): 
(i) 
where such amendment is of a formal, minor or technical nature or to correct a manifest error 
or proven error or to cure, correct or supplement any defective provision of the Notes of the 
relevant Series and/or the Deed of Covenant; or

--- Page 247 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS 
 
 
 
 
E-24 
 
 
(ii) 
where the Issuer determines (whether before or after issue) to list and/or trade the Notes of the 
relevant Series on a stock exchange, market or quotation system or a central securities 
depositary, trading facility or clearing system and such amendment is made to enable such 
Notes to be listed and/or traded on such stock exchange, market or quotation system or central 
securities depositary, trading facility or clearing system; or 
(iii) 
to comply with any mandatory provision of law or the rules of any stock exchange, market or 
quotation system, central securities depositary, trading facility or clearing system. 
Subject as aforesaid, no other modification may be made to these Conditions or the Deed of Covenant 
except with the sanction of an Extraordinary Resolution. 
13.3. 
Meeting of Holders of VP Systems Notes 
This Condition 13.3 is applicable only in relation to VP Systems Notes. The Agency Agreement 
contains provisions (which shall have effect as if incorporated herein) for convening meetings 
(including by way of conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) of Holders of VP 
Systems Notes of any Series to consider and vote upon matters relating to such Series of Notes, 
including (without limitation) the modification by Extraordinary Resolution of any provision of these 
Conditions insofar as the same may apply to such Notes. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed 
at any such meeting of Holders of VP Systems Notes of any Series will be binding on all Holders of 
Notes of such Series, whether present or not at the meeting. Meetings of Holders shall be held in 
accordance with the Agency Agreement and in compliance with the relevant regulations of the VP, 
VPS, Euroclear Finland or Euroclear Sweden, as the case may be. Any person requesting the 
convening of any such meeting or attending or voting at any such meeting shall be required to provide 
proof of their appointment as proxy, attorney or representative and/or ownership of Notes satisfactory 
to the Issuer and/or in the form specified by Issuer in the notice in respect of the relevant meeting 
given to Holders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices). 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Holders who for the time being are 
entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Holders of Notes will take effect as if it were an Extraordinary 
Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in 
the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Holders of Notes. 
13.4. 
Modification of VP Systems Notes 
This Condition 13.4 is applicable only in relation to VP Systems Notes. The Issuer may amend the 
Notes and these Conditions without the consent of the Holders (subject to notice being given to such 
Holders in accordance with the provisions of Condition 15 (Notices)): 
(i) 
where such amendment is of a formal, minor or technical nature or to correct a manifest error 
or proven error or to cure, correct or supplement any defective provision of the Notes of the 
relevant Series; or 
(ii) 
where the Issuer determines (whether before or after issue) to list and/or trade the Notes of the 
relevant Series on a stock exchange, market or quotation system or a central securities 
depositary, trading facility or clearing system and such amendment is made to enable such 
Notes to be listed and/or traded on such stock exchange, market or quotation system or central 
securities depositary, trading facility or clearing system; or 
(iii) 
to comply with any mandatory provision of law or the rules of any stock exchange, market or 
quotation system, central securities depositary, trading facility or clearing system.

--- Page 248 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS 
 
 
 
 
E-25 
 
 
Subject as aforesaid, no other modification may be made to these Conditions except with the sanction 
of an Extraordinary Resolution. 
14. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Holders or the Couponholders, create 
and issue further Notes having the same Terms and Conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all 
respects except for the first payment of interest, if any, on them and/or the issue price thereof) so as to 
form a single series with the Notes. 
15. 
Notices 
15.1. 
Bearer Notes 
Notices to Holders of Bearer Notes will, save where another means of effective communication has 
been specified herein or, in respect of Exempt Notes, in the relevant Pricing Supplement, be deemed 
to be validly given if published on the website (if any) specified in the relevant Issue Terms and/or: 
(i) 
in the case of any Bearer Notes represented by definitive Bearer Notes, if published in a 
leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe; or 
(ii) 
in the case of any Bearer Notes represented by a Global Note, if delivered to Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the persons shown in their respective 
records as having interests therein, 
and, in either case, if such Notes are listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin (so long as such 
Notes are listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and the rules of that exchange so permit), if 
published on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin). 
The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules 
of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Bearer Notes are for the time being 
listed or by which they have been admitted to trading. 
Any notice so given will be deemed to have been validly given, in the case of any Bearer Notes 
represented by definitive Bearer Notes, on the date of first such publication (or, if required to be 
published in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have been made in 
all the required newspapers) or, in the case of any Bearer Notes represented by a Global Note, on the 
date of such delivery to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Couponholders will be deemed for 
all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to Holders of Bearer Notes in accordance 
with this Condition 15.1. 
15.2. 
VP Systems Notes 
All notices regarding the VP Systems Notes shall be given (i) if and for so long as the Notes are 
admitted to trading and/or listed on any stock exchange or any other relevant authority, by publication 
in any manner which complies with the rules of such stock exchange or other relevant authority and 
(ii) may be (a) given in accordance with the procedures of the VP, VP Lux, VPS, Euroclear Finland 
or Euroclear Sweden, as the case may be, and/or (b) published in a relevant national newspaper and/or 
published on the website specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
15.3. 
Validity of Notices 
Any notice so given will be deemed to have been validly given, (i) if published either (a) on the web-
site of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the relevant VP Systems Notes are for

--- Page 249 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS 
 
 
 
 
E-26 
 
 
the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading and/or (b) in a national newspaper, 
on the date of the first such publication or (ii) if given in accordance with the procedures of the VP, 
VP Lux, VPS, Euroclear Finland or Euroclear Sweden, as the case may be, on the date it is published 
in accordance with such procedures, or (iii) if given or published in any other manner in accordance 
with this Condition 15.3, on the date specified in the relevant notice or, if no such date is specified, on 
the third Business Day after the date of such notice. 
Notices to the Issuer shall be given in writing to the Issuer at 2-12 Holmens Kanal, DK-1092 
Copenhagen K, Denmark, attention: 4841 Danske Markets/Asset and Liability Management or such 
other address and/or addressee as the Issuer may notify to Holders from time to time in accordance 
with this Condition 15.3. 
16. 
Currency Indemnity 
The currency in which the Notes are denominated, as specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in 
respect of Exempt Notes, if different, the currency in which the Notes are payable, as specified in the 
relevant Pricing Supplement (the “Contractual Currency”), is the sole currency of account and 
payment for all sums payable by the Issuer in respect of the Notes, including damages. Any amount 
received or recovered in a currency other than the Contractual Currency (whether as a result of, or of 
the enforcement of, a judgment or order of a court of any jurisdiction or otherwise) by any Holder in 
respect of any sum expressed to be due to it from the Issuer shall only constitute a discharge to the 
Issuer to the extent of the amount of the Contractual Currency which such Holder is able to purchase 
with the amount so received or recovered in that other currency on the date of that receipt or recovery 
(or, if it is not practicable to make that purchase on that date, on the first date on which it is practicable 
to do so). If that amount is less than the amount of the Contractual Currency expressed to be due to 
any Holder in respect of such Note or Coupon, the Issuer shall indemnify such Holder against any loss 
sustained by such Holder as a result. In any event, the Issuer shall indemnify each such Holder against 
any cost of making such purchase which is reasonably incurred. These indemnities constitute a 
separate and independent obligation from the Issuer’s other obligations, shall give rise to a separate 
and independent cause of action, shall apply irrespective of any indulgence granted by any Holder and 
shall continue in full force and effect despite any judgment, order, claim or proof for a liquidated 
amount in respect of any sum due in respect of the Notes or any judgment or order. Any such loss as 
aforesaid shall be deemed to constitute a loss suffered by the relevant Holder and no proof or evidence 
of any actual loss will be required by the Issuer. 
17. 
Waiver and Remedies 
No failure to exercise, and no delay in exercising, on the part of the Holder of any Note, any right in 
these Conditions shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof 
preclude any other or future exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. Rights hereunder shall 
be in addition to all other rights provided by law. No notice or demand given in any case shall 
constitute a waiver of rights to take other action in the same, similar or other instances without such 
notice or demand. 
18. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
18.1. 
Governing law 
The Notes, the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the VP Systems Agency Agreement, 
and any non-contractual obligations arising therefrom or in connection therewith, shall be governed 
by, and construed in accordance with, English law, except for Condition 18.6 (Acknowledgement of 
Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers) and for the registration of Notes in the VP, which shall be 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Danish law, the registration of Notes in the 
VPS, which shall be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Norwegian law, the

--- Page 250 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS 
 
 
 
 
E-27 
 
 
registration of Notes in Euroclear Finland, which shall be governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with Finnish law and the registration of Notes in Euroclear Sweden, which shall be 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Swedish law. 
18.2. 
English courts 
The courts of England have jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a “Dispute”) arising from or connected 
with the Notes (including any Dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising from or 
connected with the Notes). 
18.3. 
Appropriate forum 
The Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and convenient courts to settle 
any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary. 
18.4. 
Rights of the Holders to take proceedings outside England 
Condition 18.2 (English courts) is for the benefit of the Holders only. As a result, nothing in this 
Condition 18 prevents any Holder from taking proceedings relating to a Dispute (“Proceedings”) in 
any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, any Holder may take concurrent 
Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
18.5. 
Service of process 
The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and any other documents required 
to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being delivered to the Issuer at 75 
King William Street, London EC4N 7DT or at any address of the Issuer in Great Britain at which 
service of process may be served on it in accordance with Part 34 of the Companies Act 2006. Nothing 
in this paragraph shall affect the right of any Holder to serve process in any other manner permitted 
by law. This Condition 18 applies to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings elsewhere. 
18.6. 
Acknowledgement of Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understanding between the Issuer and any Holder (which, for the purposes of this 
Condition 18.6, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes), by its acquisition of the 
Notes, each Holder acknowledges and accepts that any liability arising under the Notes may be subject 
to the exercise of Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the FS and acknowledges, accepts, 
consents to and agrees to be bound by: 
(i) 
the effect of the exercise of any Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the FS, which 
exercise (without limitation) may include and result in any of the following, or a combination 
thereof: 
(a) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes; 
(b) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes 
into Ordinary Shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another 
Person, and the issue to or conferral on the Holder of such Ordinary Shares, securities 
or obligations, including by means of an amendment, modification or variation of the 
terms of the Notes;  
(c) 
the cancellation of the Notes or the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes; and

--- Page 251 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS 
 
 
 
 
E-28 
 
 
(d) 
the amendment of the Maturity Date or the amendment of the Relevant Amount, 
including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(ii) 
the variation of the terms of the Notes, as deemed necessary by the FS, to give effect to the 
exercise of any Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the FS. 
Upon the Issuer being informed and notified by the FS of the actual exercise of any Danish Statutory 
Loss Absorption Powers with respect to the Notes, the Issuer shall notify the Holders without delay in 
accordance with Condition 15 (Notices). Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give notice shall not 
affect the validity and enforceability of the Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers nor the effects 
on the Notes described in this Condition 18.6. 
19. 
Rights of Third Parties 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition in respect of a Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.

--- Page 252 ---
RATE-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-29 
 
 
SECTION E.2- SCHEDULES TO THE GENERAL CONDITIONS 
REFERENCE ITEM SCHEDULE 1 
RATE-LINKED NOTES 
1. 
Rate-Linked Notes 
1.1. 
Applicability 
This Reference Item Schedule 1 (Rate-Linked Notes) is applicable only in relation to Notes which are 
specified to be “Rate-Linked Interest Notes” (“Rate-Linked Notes”) in the relevant Issue Terms. 
1.2. 
Determination of Underlying Rate 
(i) 
Screen Rate Determination 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the manner in which 
the relevant Underlying Rate(s) is/are to be determined, the relevant Underlying Rate for the 
relevant Relevant Determination Date will be determined by the Calculation Agent as the 
Reference Rate determined on the following basis: 
(A) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, 
the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the 
Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Relevant Determination 
Date; 
(B) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time 
on the relevant Relevant Determination Date; 
(C) 
if a Reference Rate Event has not occurred and, in the case of Reference Item 
Condition 1.2(i)(A) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of 
Reference Item Condition 1.2(i)(B), fewer than two such rates appear on that page or 
if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, the relevant Underlying 
Rate will be the rate or, as the case may be, the arithmetic mean last determined in 
respect of the immediately preceding Relevant Determination Date (if any). 
(ii) 
ISDA Determination 
If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the manner in which the 
Underlying Rate(s) is/are to be determined, the Underlying Rate for the relevant Relevant 
Determination Date will be the relevant ISDA Rate where “ISDA Rate” in relation to any 
Relevant Determination Date means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap 
transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate 
swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and 
under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms; and

--- Page 253 ---
RATE-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-30 
 
 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is the day specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms. 
provided that if the Calculation Agent determines that a Reference Rate Event has not occurred 
but such ISDA Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the ISDA Definitions read with 
the above provisions and prior to the application of fallbacks in the ISDA Definitions 
(including, where applicable, any Reference Dealer (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
quotations or fallbacks set out in Supplement number 70 to the 2006 ISDA Definitions 
(Amendments to the 2006 ISDA Definitions to include new IBOR fallbacks)) then, the ISDA 
Rate for the Relevant Determination Date shall be the ISDA Rate last determined in respect 
of the immediately preceding Relevant Determination Date (if any).  
(iii) 
Swap Rate Determination 
If Swap Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the manner in which 
the Underlying Rate(s) is/are to be determined, the Underlying Rate for the relevant Relevant 
Determination Date will be the relevant Swap Rate where “Swap Rate” in relation to any 
Relevant Determination Date means the rate (which shall not be less than zero) determined by 
reference to the following: 
 
Where: 
“Swap Rate 1” means the Underlying Swap Rate having the Designated Maturity specified 
for such Underlying Swap Rate in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Swap Rate 2” means the Underlying Swap Rate having the Designated Maturity specified 
for such Underlying Swap Rate in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Underlying Swap Rate” means the Underlying Rate determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with (i) where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms as the manner in which the Underlying Swap Rates are to be determined, Reference 
Item Condition 1.2(i) (Screen Rate Determination) above or (ii) where ISDA Determination 
is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the manner in which the Underlying Swap Rates 
are to be determined, Reference Item Condition 1.2(ii) (ISDA Determination) above and the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
(iv) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as Applicable in respect of an Underlying Rate in the 
relevant Issue Terms, such Underlying Rate shall be calculated by the Agent by straight line 
linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where 
Screen Rate Determination is specified as Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms) or the 
relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as Applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
period (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any relevant Interest Period) and the other of 
which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which 
rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant period, provided however that, 
if no Reference Rate Event has occurred and there is no rate available for a period of time next 
shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such 
rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
Swap Rate 1 – Swap Rate 2

--- Page 254 ---
RATE-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-31 
 
 
1.3. 
Reference Rate Event 
(i) 
Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event 
(A) 
Notwithstanding any other provisions of the Conditions, if the Calculation Agent determines 
that a Reference Rate Event has occurred in respect of a Reference Rate, the Calculation Agent 
shall, subject as provided below, seek to identify a Replacement Reference Rate in respect of 
such Reference Rate. If the Calculation Agent identifies a Replacement Reference Rate in 
respect of such Reference Rate prior to the Cut-off Date it shall: 
(a) 
seek to determine the related Adjustment Spread; and 
(b) 
determine the amendments (if any) to the Terms and Conditions which it considers 
are necessary and/or appropriate in order to replace such Reference Rate with the 
relevant Replacement Reference Rate (as adjusted by the Adjustment Spread) (the 
Replacement Reference Rate Amendments). 
Following the determination by the Calculation Agent of the Replacement Reference Rate and 
the related adjustments, the Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer of such determination 
and the Terms and Conditions shall be amended as of the Cut-off Date . Prior to the Cut-off 
Date, the Issuer shall notify the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) of the 
occurrence of the relevant Reference Rate Event and the action to be taken in relation thereto.  
(B) 
If the relevant Reference Rate Event is a Benchmark Modification, as an alternative to 
Reference Item Condition 1.3(i)(A) above, the Calculation Agent may instead prior to the Cut-
off Date:  
(a) 
determine that no Replacement Reference Rate or other amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions are required as a result of such Benchmark Modification; or  
(b) 
determine the adjustment(s) to the Terms and Conditions as are necessary or 
appropriate to account for the effect of such material change and the effective date of 
any such adjustment(s).  
Following any such determination, the Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer of the action, 
if any, to be taken in relation thereto and, where adjustment(s) are required to be made to the 
Terms and Conditions pursuant to Reference Item Condition 1.3(i)(B)(b) above, the Terms 
and Conditions shall be amended as of the relevant effective date and the Issuer shall notify 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) of the occurrence of the relevant 
Benchmark Modification and the action to be taken in relation thereto. 
(ii) 
Early Redemption 
If:  
(a) 
with respect to any Reference Rate Event, the Calculation Agent determines that it is 
not possible or commercially reasonable to identify a Replacement Reference Rate 
and/or determine any Adjustment Spread or the related Replacement Reference Rate 
Amendments prior to the Cut-off Date in accordance with Reference Item Condition 
1.3(i)(A); or 
(b) 
with respect to a Benchmark Modification, the Calculation Agent determines that 
Reference Item Condition 1.3(i)(B) above applies, but that it is not possible or 
commercially reasonable to make any amendments to the Terms and Conditions

--- Page 255 ---
RATE-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-32 
 
 
which it determines are required following the occurrence of the Benchmark 
Modification prior to the Cut-off Date in accordance with such Reference Item 
Condition 1.3(i)(B) above; 
(c) 
it (i) is or would be unlawful at any time under any applicable law or regulation or (ii) 
would contravene any applicable licensing requirements, for the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent to perform the actions prescribed in this Reference Item Schedule 
1 (Rate-Linked Notes) (or it would be unlawful or would contravene those licensing 
requirements were a determination to be made at such time);  
(d) 
the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Spread is or would be a 
benchmark, index or other price source whose production, publication, methodology 
or governance would subject the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to material additional 
regulatory obligations (such as the obligations for administrators under the EU 
Benchmark Regulation); or  
(e) 
the Calculation Agent determines that having identified a Replacement Reference 
Rate and determined an Adjustment Spread on or before the Cut-off Date in 
accordance with this Reference Item Schedule 1 (Rate-Linked Notes), the adjustments 
provided for would not achieve a commercially reasonable result for either the Issuer 
or the Noteholders,  
the Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) as 
soon as reasonably practicable after the relevant determination and the Issuer shall redeem all, 
but not some only, of the Notes on a day selected by the Issuer, each Note being redeemed at 
the Early Redemption Amount, together with, if so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
accrued interest. 
(iii) 
Interim Adjustments 
If, following a Reference Rate Event but prior to the Cut-off Date, the relevant Reference Rate 
is required for any determination in respect of the Notes: 
(a) 
if (1) in relation to a Reference Rate Cessation Event, the Reference Rate Cessation 
Event Date has not yet occurred, or (2) in relation to an Administrator/Benchmark 
Event, the Administrator/Benchmark Event Date has not yet occurred, the level of 
such Reference Rate shall be determined pursuant to the terms that would apply to the 
determination of such Reference Rate as if no Reference Rate Event had occurred; or 
(b) 
otherwise, the level of such Reference Rate shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its discretion by reference to either (i) the rate published in respect of such 
Reference Rate at the time such Reference Rate is ordinarily determined on the day 
immediately prior to (1) the Reference Rate Cessation Event Date or (2) the 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Date, as applicable or, if no rate is published at the 
time or that rate cannot be used in accordance with applicable law or regulation, by 
reference to the rate published at that time on the last day on which the rate was 
published or can be used in accordance with applicable law or regulation, as 
applicable or (ii) such other rate that is, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, 
recognised or acknowledged as being an industry standard (or otherwise customarily 
widely adopted) replacement rate or, if the Calculation Agent determines there is no 
such replacement rate, such other interest rate, index, benchmark or other price source 
that the Calculation Agent determines to be a commercially reasonable alternative for 
such Reference Rate and the Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders in accordance

--- Page 256 ---
RATE-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-33 
 
 
with Condition 15 (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable of the action to be taken 
in relation thereto. 
(iv) 
Determinations 
Any adjustment to the Terms and Conditions  (including the determination of any adjustment 
spread or factor, however defined) which the Calculation Agent determines is necessary or 
appropriate pursuant to the above provisions of this Reference Item Condition 1.3 (Reference 
Rate Event): 
(a) 
shall be made to the extent reasonably practicable, taking into account prevailing 
industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives 
market) and Relevant Market Data; 
(b) 
may include, where applicable and without limitation, (1) technical, administrative or 
operational changes (including without limitation, changes to determination dates, 
timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments, rounding of 
amounts or tenors, the introduction of any time delay or lag between the calculation 
or observation period of a rate and the related payment dates and other administrative 
matters) that the Calculation Agent determines are appropriate, (2) the application of 
any adjustment factor or adjustment spread (whether or not expressly referenced in 
the relevant provision and which may be positive or negative) and (3) adjustments to 
reflect any increased costs to the Issuer of providing exposure to the replacement or 
successor rate(s) and/or benchmark(s); and 
(c) 
may be applied on more than one occasion, may be made as of one or more effective 
dates and may (but does not have to) involve the selection of a successor or 
replacement rate which is determined on a backwards-looking compounding basis by 
reference to a “risk-free rate”. 
For the avoidance of doubt, (I) the Calculation Agent is not obliged to make any determination 
in relation to any Reference Rate Event if the relevant Cut-off Date would fall after the earlier 
of (x) the date the relevant Reference Rate is no longer used to determine any amount payable 
under the Notes and (y) the Maturity Date of the Notes and (II) the Issuer and/or the 
Calculation Agent may make all determinations and/or adjustments and take all actions in 
respect of the Notes as are provided for in connection with a Reference Rate Event, 
notwithstanding that such Reference Rate Event may have occurred before the Issue Date of 
the Notes. 
1.4. 
Definitions 
“Adjustment Spread” means, in respect of any Replacement Reference Rate, the adjustment, if any, 
to such Replacement Reference Rate that the Calculation Agent determines, acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner, where relevant having regard to any Industry Standard 
Adjustment, which is required in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, 
any transfer of economic value from the Issuer to the Noteholders (or vice versa) that would otherwise 
arise as a result of the replacement of the relevant Reference Rate with the relevant Replacement 
Reference Rate. Any such adjustment may take account of, without limitation, any transfer of 
economic value (which may be a value anticipated or estimated by the Calculation Agent) as a result 
of any difference in the term structure or tenor of the Replacement Reference Rate by comparison to 
the relevant Reference Rate. The Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative or zero, or determined 
pursuant to a formula or methodology. If a spread or methodology for calculating a spread has been 
formally designated, nominated or recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body in relation to the 
replacement of the relevant Reference Rate with a relevant Alternative Post-nominated Reference

--- Page 257 ---
RATE-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-34 
 
 
Rate, then, where the Replacement Reference Rate is the Alternative Post-nominated Reference Rate, 
the Adjustment Spread shall be determined on the basis of such recommendation (adjusted as 
necessary to reflect the fact that the spread or methodology is used in the context of the Notes); 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event” means, in respect of a Reference Rate, the occurrence of a 
Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event, a Non-Approval Event, a Rejection Event or a 
Suspension/Withdrawal Event, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event Date” means, in respect of a Reference Rate, the date determined 
by the Calculation Agent to be the later of the Issue Date and: 
(i) 
in respect of a Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event, (A) in the event of a Benchmark 
Modification or Prohibition of Use, the effective date of the material change or prohibition of 
use of such Reference Rate or (B) in the event of a Benchmark Cessation, the first day on 
which such Reference Rate is no longer available; 
(ii) 
in respect of a Non-Approval Event, the date on which the relevant authorisation, registration, 
recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval, inclusion in any official register or 
regulatory or legal requirement is required under any applicable law or regulation in order for 
any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and any other entity to perform its obligations in 
respect of the Notes; 
(iii) 
in respect of a Rejection Event, the date on which, following the rejection or refusal of the 
relevant application for authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, an equivalence 
decision, approval or inclusion in any official register, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or 
any other entity is not permitted under any applicable law or regulation to perform its 
obligations in respect of the Notes; and 
(iv) 
in respect of a Suspension/Withdrawal Event, the date on which following (A) the suspension 
or withdrawal by the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body of the 
relevant authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or 
approval, or (B) the date on which such Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of 
such Reference Rate is removed from the official register, as applicable, the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent or any other entity is not permitted under any applicable law or regulation 
to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes; 
“Alternative Industry Standard Rate” means, in respect of a Reference Rate, a rate that is, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, recognised or acknowledged as being an industry standard (or 
otherwise customarily widely adopted) replacement rate for over-the-counter derivative transactions 
which reference such Reference Rate (which may include (i) an interpolation of other tenors of such 
Reference Rate, (ii) a rate, or methodology for calculating a rate, selected or recommended by a 
relevant trade association, working group, task-force or committee or (iii) a rate that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Nominating Body for the currency of such Reference Rate), which 
recognition or acknowledgment may, but does not have to, be in the form of a press release, a member 
announcement, a member advice, letter, protocol, publication of standard terms or otherwise by ISDA 
or any other industry body, or relevant trade association, working group, task-force or committee; 
“Alternative Post-nominated Reference Rate” means, in respect of a Reference Rate, any interest 
rate, index, benchmark or other price source which is formally designated, nominated or recommended 
by:  
(i) 
any Relevant Nominating Body; or  
(ii) 
the administrator or sponsor of such Reference Rate,

--- Page 258 ---
RATE-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-35 
 
 
in each case, to replace such Reference Rate. If a replacement interest rate, index, benchmark or other 
price source is designated, nominated or recommended under both paragraphs (i) and (ii) above, then 
the replacement interest rate, index, benchmark or other price source designated, nominated or 
recommended under paragraph (i) shall be the Alternative Post-nominated Reference Rate; 
“Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate” means, in respect of a Reference Rate, the first of the 
indices, benchmarks or other price sources specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms which is not 
subject to a Reference Rate Event; 
“BBSW” means the Bank Bill Swap Reference Rate; 
“Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event” means, in respect of a Reference Rate any of the 
following has occurred or will occur: 
(i) 
any material change in such Reference Rate (including, but not limited to, any material change 
to the definition of, or the methodology or formula for the determination of, such Reference 
Rate or other means of calculating such Reference Rate) (a “Benchmark Modification”);  
(ii) 
permanent or indefinite cancellation or cessation in the provision of such Reference Rate (a 
“Benchmark Cessation”); or 
(iii) 
a regulator or other official sector entity prohibits the use of such Reference Rate such that 
any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and any other entity is unable to perform its 
obligations in respect of the Notes (a “Prohibition of Use”); 
“Cut-off Date” means, in respect of a Reference Rate and: 
(i) 
an Administrator/Benchmark Event, the later of (a) 60 Business Days following the day on 
which the Calculation Agent determines that an Administrator/Benchmark Event has occurred 
and (b) the Administrator/Benchmark Event Date; or 
(ii) 
a Reference Rate Cessation Event, the later of (i) 60 Business Days following the day on 
which a relevant public statement is made or relevant information is published in respect of a 
Reference Rate Cessation Event and (ii) the Reference Rate Cessation Event Date; 
“CIBOR” means the Copenhagen interbank offered rate; 
“Designated Maturity” means, in respect of an Underlying Rate, the period of time specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms for such Underlying Rate; 
“EURIBOR” means the Eurozone interbank offered rate; 
“IBOR Fallback Rate Adjustments Rule Book” means the IBOR Fallback Rate Adjustments Rule 
Book published by Bloomberg Index Services Limited (or a successor provider as approved and/or 
appointed by ISDA from time to time) as updated from time to time in accordance with its terms.  
“Industry Standard Adjustment” means, in respect of a Reference Rate and an Adjustment Spread, 
the fixed spread adjustment published by Bloomberg Index Services Limited (or a successor provider 
as approved and/or appointed by ISDA from time to time) for the purpose of calculating fallback rates 
under the IBOR Fallback Rate Adjustments Rule Book (or any successor publication), or any other 
spread or formula or methodology for calculating a spread or payment (as applicable), that is, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard 
(or being otherwise customarily widely adopted) for over-the-counter derivative transactions which 
reference such Reference Rate (which may include (i) a spread or payment (as applicable) selected or

--- Page 259 ---
RATE-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-36 
 
 
recommended by a relevant trade association, working group or committee or (ii) a spread or payment 
(as applicable) that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Nominating Body for the 
currency of such Reference Rate), which recognition or acknowledgment may be in the form of a press 
release, a member announcement, a member advice, letter, protocol, publication of standard terms or 
otherwise by ISDA or any other industry body; 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, (“ISDA”), as amended or supplemented from 
time to time (the “2006 Definitions”), provided that if the Calculation Agent determines this is 
appropriate by reference to the hedging arrangements for the relevant series of Notes, ISDA 
Definitions will mean any successor definitional booklet to the 2006 Definitions as supplemented from 
time to time for interest rate derivatives, all as determined as of the date of the relevant determination; 
“LIBOR” means the London interbank offered rate; 
“Margin” has the meaning given in the relevant Issue Terms; 
“NIBOR” means the Norwegian interbank offered rate; 
“Non-Approval Event” means, in respect of a Reference Rate, the determination by the Calculation 
Agent that one or more of the following events has occurred: 
(i) 
any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval in 
respect of such Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of such Reference Rate has not 
been or will not be obtained; 
(ii) 
such Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of such Reference Rate has not been or 
will not be included in an official register; or  
(iii) 
such Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of such Reference Rate does not or will 
not fulfil any legal or regulatory requirement applicable to the Notes, the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent or such Reference Rate, 
in each case, as is or will be required under any applicable law or regulation in order for any of the 
Issuer, the Calculation Agent and any other entity to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a Non-Approval Event shall not be deemed to occur if at the time of 
occurrence or continuation of any event described above, each of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent 
and any other entity is permitted to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes;  
“OMX Swap Rate” means the fixing for the fixed rate leg in an interest rate swap compiled and 
published on the Relevant Screen Page by the NASDAQ OMX Group Inc.; 
“Priority Fallback” means, in respect of a Reference Rate, if the definition of such Reference Rate 
includes a reference to a concept defined or otherwise described as an “index cessation event” 
(regardless of the contents of that definition or description), any fallback specified in that definition or 
description to apply following such an event (which may include, amongst others, the replacement of 
such Reference Rate with a replacement reference rate and/or the application of an adjustment spread 
to such replacement reference rate); 
“Rate Business Centre” means, in respect of an Underlying Rate and subject as provided in the 
definition of Rate Business Day, the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms; 
“Rate Business Day” means, in respect of an Underlying Rate, a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in

--- Page 260 ---
RATE-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-37 
 
 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in each Rate Business Centre and (i) if TARGET is 
a Rate Business Centre, a TARGET Settlement Day and/or (ii) if Business Day is specified as a Rate 
Business Centre, a Business Day; 
“Reference Price” means, in relation to an Underlying Rate and a Valuation Date, unless, in respect 
of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement provides otherwise, a percentage equal to the 
relevant Underlying Rate on such Valuation Date determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with Reference Item Condition 1.2 (Determination of Underlying Rate) above in the manner specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms; 
“Reference Rate” means any interest rate, index, benchmark or price source by reference to which 
any amount payable under the Notes is determined, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms.  In the 
case of Notes other than Exempt Notes, a Reference Rate shall be any one of LIBOR, EURIBOR, 
NIBOR, STIBOR, CIBOR, BBSW or the OMX Swap Rate. To the extent that a Replacement 
Reference Rate is determined to be used in respect of the Notes, such Replacement Reference Rate 
shall be a "Reference Rate" for the Notes during the period in which it is used; 
“Reference Rate Cessation Event” means, in respect of a Reference Rate, the determination by the 
Calculation Agent that one or more of the following events has occurred: 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such 
Reference Rate announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide such Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there 
is no successor administrator that will continue to provide such Reference Rate; 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of such Reference Rate, the central bank for the currency of such Reference 
Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Reference Rate, 
a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Reference Rate or a 
court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for 
such Reference Rate which states that the administrator of such Reference Rate has ceased or 
will cease to provide such Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide such Reference Rate;  
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of such Reference Rate announcing that the regulatory supervisor has 
determined that such Reference Rate is no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer 
be, representative of the underlying market and economic reality that such Reference Rate is 
intended to measure and that representativeness will not be restored; or 
(iv) 
any event which otherwise constitutes an "index cessation event" (regardless of how it is 
actually defined or described in the definition of such Reference Rate) in relation to which a 
Priority Fallback is specified;  
“Reference Rate Cessation Event Date” means, in respect of a Reference Rate and the occurrence 
of a Reference Rate Cessation Event, the date determined by the Calculation Agent to be the first day 
on which such Reference Rate is no longer provided or, if earlier, the first day on which such Reference 
Rate is no longer representative of the underlying market and economic reality that such Reference 
Rate is intended to measure (where applicable); 
“Reference Rate Event” means, in respect of a Reference Rate, the determination by the Calculation 
Agent that one or more of the following events has occurred:

--- Page 261 ---
RATE-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-38 
 
 
(i) 
a Reference Rate Cessation Event; or 
(ii) 
an Administrator/Benchmark Event, 
provided that if, in respect of such Reference Rate, (i) an event or circumstance which would otherwise 
constitute or give rise to an Administrator/Benchmark Event also constitutes a Reference Rate 
Cessation Event, or (ii) both a Reference Rate Cessation Event and an Administrator/Benchmark 
Event would otherwise be continuing at the same time, it will in either case constitute a Reference 
Rate Cessation and will not constitute or give rise to an Administrator/Benchmark Event, unless the 
date that would otherwise have been the Administrator/Benchmark Event Date would have occurred 
prior to the relevant Reference Rate Cessation Event Date, in which case, such event will constitute 
an Administrator/Benchmark Event;  
“Rejection Event” means, in respect of a Reference Rate, the determination by the Calculation Agent 
that the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body rejects or refuses or will reject or 
refuse any application for authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, an equivalence 
decision, approval or inclusion in any official register which, in each case, is or will be required in 
relation to the Notes, such Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of such Reference Rate 
under any applicable law or regulation for any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and any other entity 
to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes; 
“Relevant Currency” means, in respect of an Underlying Rate, the currency specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms for such Underlying Rate; 
“Relevant Determination Date” means a Valuation Date, each relevant date specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms and designated as such in the relevant Payout Schedule or, in respect of Exempt Notes, 
any other relevant date specified as such in the relevant Pricing Supplement, as the case may be; 
“Relevant Financial Centre” has the meaning given in the relevant Issue Terms; 
“Relevant Market Data” means, in relation to any determination by the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent, any relevant information including, without limitation, one or more of the following types of 
information: 
(i) 
information consisting of relevant market data in the relevant market supplied by one or more 
third parties including, without limitation, alternative benchmarks, relevant rates, prices, 
yields, yield curves, volatilities, spreads, correlations or other relevant market data in the 
relevant market, unless such information is not readily available or, if used to make a 
determination, would produce a result that is not commercially reasonable; or 
(ii) 
information of the type described in paragraph (i) above from the Issuer's or the Calculation 
Agent's internal sources if that information is of the same type used by the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, for adjustments to, or valuations of, similar transactions. 
Third parties supplying market data pursuant to paragraph (i) above may include, without limitation, 
central counterparties, exchanges, dealers in the relevant markets, end-users of the relevant product, 
information vendors, brokers and other recognised sources of market information; 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a Reference Rate:  
(i) 
the central bank for the currency in which such Reference Rate is denominated or any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising either such Reference 
Rate or the administrator of such Reference Rate; or

--- Page 262 ---
RATE-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-39 
 
 
(ii) 
any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (A) the central bank for 
the currency in which such Reference Rate is denominated, (B) any central bank or other 
supervisor which is responsible for supervising either such Reference Rate or the 
administrator of such Reference Rate, (C) a group of those central banks or other supervisors, 
or (D) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; 
“Relevant Screen Page” means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, the Reuter Money 3000 Service) or the website specified as the 
Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Issue Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may 
replace it on that information service or such other information service or other website, in each case, 
as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the 
purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
“Relevant Time” has the meaning given in the relevant Issue Terms; 
“Replacement Reference Rate” means, in respect of a Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate (if any); or 
(ii) 
(A) if paragraph (i) above does not apply, an Alternative Post-nominated Reference Rate or 
Alternative Industry Standard Rate for such Reference Rate, or (B) if the Calculation Agent 
determines that there is no Alternative Post-nominated Reference Rate or Alternative Industry 
Standard Rate, any other interest rate, index, benchmark or other price source that the 
Calculation Agent determines to be a commercially reasonable alternative for such Reference 
Rate; 
“STIBOR” means the Stockholm interbank offered rate; 
“Suspension/Withdrawal Event” means, in respect of a Reference Rate, the determination by the 
Calculation Agent that one or more of the following events has occurred: 
(i) 
the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body suspends or withdraws or will 
suspend or withdraw any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence 
decision or approval in relation to such Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of such 
Reference Rate which is or will be required under any applicable law or regulation in order 
for any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and any other entity to perform its obligations 
under the Notes; or  
(ii) 
such Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of such Reference Rate is or will be 
removed from any official register where inclusion in such register is or will be required under 
any applicable law or regulation in order for any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and any 
other entity to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a Suspension/Withdrawal Event shall not occur if, at the time of 
occurrence or continuation of any event described above, each of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent 
and any other entity is permitted to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes; 
“Underlying Rate” means the rate specified in the relevant Issue Terms, determined in accordance 
with the provisions of this Reference Item Schedule 1 (Rate-Linked Notes); and 
“Valuation Date” means each relevant date specified in the relevant Issue Terms and designated as 
such in the relevant Payout Schedule or, in respect of Exempt Notes, in the relevant Pricing 
Supplement or, subject as provided in any relevant Payout Schedules, if any such date is not a Rate

--- Page 263 ---
RATE-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-40 
 
 
Business Day for all the Underlying Rates, the next following Rate Business Day for all the Underlying 
Rates.

--- Page 264 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-41 
 
 
REFERENCE ITEM SCHEDULE 2 
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
In the event of any inconsistency between the General Conditions and the additional terms and conditions for 
Credit Linked Notes set out below, the additional terms and conditions for Credit Linked Notes shall prevail. 
Unless otherwise stated in these Reference Item Conditions or in the relevant Issue Terms, in the event that 
any day specified in the section “Credit-Linked Provisions” in the relevant Issue Terms or the last day of any 
period calculated by reference to calendar days falls on a day that is not a Business Day, such day or last day 
shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention. 
In the case of Credit Linked Notes for which more than one Reference Entity is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, all references to a or the “Reference Entity” herein shall be construed to refer to the Reference Entity 
in respect of which the relevant determination falls to be made at any relevant time and all related provisions 
and determinations will be construed accordingly. 
For the avoidance of doubt no Credit Linked Notes will be considered frustrated, or otherwise void or voidable 
(whether for mistake or otherwise) solely because: 
(a) 
any relevant Reference Entity does not exist on, or ceases to exist on or following, the Trade Date; 
and/or 
(b) 
Obligations, Deliverable Obligations, Valuation Obligations or the Reference Obligation do not exist 
on, or cease to exist on or following, the Trade Date. 
Credit Linked Notes may take the form of Single Reference Entity Credit Linked Notes, First-to-Default Credit 
Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Credit Linked Notes. The relevant Issue Terms 
shall specify: 
(i) 
the type of Credit Linked Notes; 
(ii) 
in the case of Portfolio Credit-Linked Notes only, whether the Notes are Tranched (“Tranched 
Portfolio Credit-Linked Notes”) or Non-Tranched (“Non-Tranched Portfolio Credit-Linked 
Notes”); 
(iii) 
the Settlement Method; 
(iv) 
the Reference Entity or Reference Entities in respect of which a Credit Event may occur; 
(v) 
the Reference Obligation(s) (if any) in respect of each Reference Entity; 
(vi) 
the Trade Date and the Scheduled Maturity Date; and 
(vii) 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount in respect of each Reference Entity. 
2. 
Credit-Linked Notes 
This Reference Item Schedule 2 (Credit-Linked Notes) is applicable only in relation to Notes which 
are specified to be “Credit-Linked Notes” (“Credit-Linked Notes”) in the relevant Issue Terms. 
2.1. 
Redemption of Credit Linked Notes 
(i) 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled and provided that a Credit Event 
Determination Date has not occurred in respect of any Reference Entity, the Issuer shall

--- Page 265 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-42 
 
 
redeem each Credit Linked Note on the Maturity Date by payment of the Final Redemption 
Amount. If a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity, 
the Issuer shall redeem each Credit Linked Note as described below.  References in these 
Reference Item Conditions to a Credit Linked Note or Note are to a unit or nominal amount 
of Credit Linked Notes equal to the Calculation Amount.  Any payment of a “pro rata” amount 
in respect of a Note will be determined by reference to its nominal amount relative to the then 
aggregate nominal amount of the Notes. 
(ii) 
Where the Notes are Single Reference Entity Credit Linked Notes, if a Credit Event 
Determination Date has occurred in relation to the Reference Entity, then the Notes will be 
settled in accordance with Reference Item Condition 2.2 (Auction Settlement) or Reference 
Item Condition 2.3 (Cash Settlement), as applicable or, if the Notes are Zero/Set Recovery 
Notes, the provisions of paragraph (vi) below will apply. 
(iii) 
Where the Notes are First-to-Default Credit Linked Notes, if a Credit Event Determination 
Date has occurred in relation to any of the specified Reference Entities, then the Notes will be 
settled in accordance with Reference Item Condition 2.2 (Auction Settlement) or Reference 
Item Condition 2.3 (Cash Settlement), as applicable, in relation only to the First Reference 
Entity (as defined in the definition of Credit Event Determination Date) or, if the Notes are 
Zero/Set Recovery Notes, the provisions of paragraph (vi) below will apply. 
(iv) 
Where the Notes are Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes, if a Credit Event Determination 
Date has occurred in relation to one or more of the specified Reference Entities 
notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in these Reference Item Conditions, no 
settlement in accordance with Reference Item Condition 2.2 (Auction Settlement), or 
Reference Item Condition 2.3 (Cash Settlement), as applicable, and no interest adjustment in 
accordance with Interest Payout Condition 4.2 (Credit-Linked Interest Provisions) will occur 
until such time as a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred in respect of the Relevant 
Number of Reference Entities (a “Trigger”). The Reference Entity in respect of which a 
Credit Event Determination Date has occurred which causes the Trigger to occur is referred 
to as the “Triggering Reference Entity” and the Relevant Number is the number specified 
as such in the relevant Issue Terms. As of the day on which the Calculation Agent determines 
that a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred in respect of the Relevant Number of 
References Entities then (i) Reference Item Condition 2.2 (Auction Settlement) or Reference 
Item Condition 2.3 (Cash Settlement), as applicable, shall apply in relation only to the 
Triggering Reference Entity and the Credit Event Determination Date will be deemed to have 
occurred only as of such day for the purposes of the provisions set out in Interest Payout 
Conditions 4.2 (Credit-Linked Interest Provisions) and 6.1 (Accrual of interest) or (ii) if the 
Notes are Zero/Set Recovery Notes, the provisions of paragraph (vi) below will apply. 
(v) 
Where the Notes are Portfolio Credit Linked Notes, if a Credit Event Determination Date has 
occurred in respect of any specified Reference Entity: (i) the Issuer shall give notice in each 
case that a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred (such notice a “Settlement Notice”) 
to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices) and (ii) in respect of 
each Credit Linked Note: 
(A) 
the interest calculation basis described in Interest Payout Condition 4.3 (Credit-
Linked Interest Provisions) will apply; and 
(B) 
each Note shall be redeemed at the Credit Event Redemption Amount on the Credit 
Event Redemption Date together with accrued interest, if any, subject as provided in 
paragraph (vii) below.

--- Page 266 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-43 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt part (A) of this provision will apply and part (B) shall continue to 
apply in relation to each Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event Determination 
Date has occurred. 
Maturity Credit Event Redemption shall be specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms 
where the Notes are Tranched Portfolio Credit-Linked Notes. 
Any delay in the delivery of a Settlement Notice or failure by the Issuer to deliver a Settlement 
Notice shall not affect the validity of the Credit Event Determination Date in respect of the 
affected Reference Entity. 
(vi) 
Where the Notes are Zero/Set Recovery Notes then if a Credit Event Determination Date has 
occurred in respect of any Reference Entity (in the case of Single Reference Entity Credit 
Linked Notes, Portfolio Credit Linked Notes or First-to-Default Credit Linked Notes) or in 
respect of the Triggering Reference Entity (in the case of Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes) 
then the Issuer shall give notice that a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred to the 
Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices) and (i) following a Credit 
Event Determination Date in respect of any such Reference Entity the provisions of Reference 
Item Conditions 2.2 (Auction Settlement) or 2.3 (Cash Settlement) will not apply but each 
Single Reference Entity Credit Linked Note, First-to-Default Credit Linked Note and Nth-to-
Default Credit Linked Note will be redeemed by payment of the Credit Event Redemption 
Amount, if any, on the Credit Event Redemption Date together with accrued interest, if any, 
and (ii) each Portfolio Credit Linked Note may be redeemed (or otherwise) as provided in 
paragraph (v) above, as applicable and/or paragraph (vii) below, if applicable. 
(vii) 
Where any Credit Event Redemption Amount is or would be zero (whether the Notes are 
Zero/Set Recovery Notes or otherwise) then, other than for the payment of accrued interest or 
any other due but unpaid amounts, the Notes will be cancelled as of the Credit Event 
Redemption Date with no payment being due other than any final amount of accrued interest 
or any other due but unpaid amounts.  The Issuer will have no further obligations in respect 
of the Credit Linked Notes. 
(viii) 
For the avoidance of doubt the provisions of Reference Item Conditions 2.4 
(Repudiation/Moratorium Extension), 2.5 (Grace Period Extension), 2.6 (Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee Extension), 2.7 (Maturity Date Extension in the case of Credit 
Linked Notes) and 2.8 (Settlement Suspension) may each apply to First-to-Default Credit 
Linked Notes and Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes meaning that the Maturity Date may 
be delayed beyond the Scheduled Maturity Date in certain circumstances. 
(ix) 
If any purchase and cancellation of Notes occurs under General Condition 6.9 (Purchase) or 
any further issue under General Condition 14 (Further Issues), the Calculation Agent will 
make such adjustments to the relevant Issue Terms and/or these Reference Item Conditions as 
it determines appropriate (including Reference Entity Notional Amounts) to ensure the Notes 
continue to reflect economic intentions. 
2.2. 
Auction Settlement 
(i) 
Where Auction Settlement is specified as the applicable Settlement Method in the relevant 
Issue Terms and a Credit Event Determination Date occurs on or prior to the Auction Final 
Price Determination Date, the Issuer shall give notice (such notice an “Auction Settlement 
Notice”) to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices), and, subject 
to these Reference Item Conditions, in particular Reference Item Condition 2.1 (Redemption 
of Credit Linked Notes), redeem all but not some only of the Credit Linked Notes, each Credit

--- Page 267 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-44 
 
 
Linked Note being redeemed by the Issuer at the Credit Event Redemption Amount in the 
relevant Specified Currency on the Credit Event Redemption Date. 
(ii) 
Unless settlement has occurred in accordance with the paragraph above, if: 
(A) 
an Auction Cancellation Date occurs; 
(B) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs (and in circumstances where such No 
Auction Announcement Date occurs pursuant to paragraphs (ii) or (iii)(2) of the 
definition of No Auction Announcement Date, the Issuer has not exercised the 
Movement Option); 
(C) 
a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal occurs; or 
(D) 
a Credit Event Determination Date was determined pursuant to paragraph (i) of the 
definition of Credit Event Determination Date or paragraph (i) of the definition of 
Non-Standard Credit Event Determination Date and no Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date has occurred on or prior to the date falling three Business Days after 
such Credit Event Determination Date, 
then the Issuer shall redeem the Credit Linked Notes in accordance with Reference Item Condition 2.3 
(Cash Settlement) below (the “Fallback Settlement Method”). 
If a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred and the Notes become redeemable in accordance 
with this Reference Item Condition 2.2 (Auction Settlement), upon payment of the Credit Event 
Redemption Amounts in respect of the Notes, the Issuer shall have discharged its obligations in 
respect of the Notes and shall have no other liability or obligation whatsoever in respect thereof.  
The Credit Event Redemption Amount may be less than the nominal amount of a Credit Linked 
Note.  Any shortfall shall be borne by the Noteholders and no liability shall attach to the Issuer. 
2.3. 
Cash Settlement 
If a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, then where Cash Settlement is specified as the 
applicable Settlement Method in the relevant Issue Terms or if Reference Item Condition 2.2(ii) 
(Auction Settlement) above applies, the Issuer shall give notice (such notice a “Cash Settlement 
Notice”) to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices), and, subject to these 
Reference Item Conditions, in particular Reference Item Condition 2.1 (Redemption of Credit Linked 
Notes), redeem all but not some only of the Credit Linked Notes, each Credit Linked Note being 
redeemed by the Issuer at the Credit Event Redemption Amount in the relevant Specified Currency on 
the Credit Event Redemption Date.  In addition, the Issuer shall, following the receipt of a Calculation 
Agent Valuation Settlement Notice, give notice (such notice a “Notice of Valuation Settlement”) to 
the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
In the Notice of Valuation Settlement, the Issuer shall specify the Valuation Obligations and the 
corresponding Outstanding Principal Balance(s) or Due and Payable Amount(s), as applicable, that it 
reasonably expects to use to determine the Final Price.  For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall be 
entitled to select any of the Valuation Obligations, irrespective of their market value. 
Asset Package Delivery will apply if an Asset Package Credit Event occurs, unless (i) such Asset 
Package Credit Event occurs prior to the Credit Event Backstop Date determined in respect of the 
Credit Event specified in the Credit Event Notice or DC Credit Event Announcement applicable to the 
Credit Event Determination Date, or (ii) if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, no Package Observable 
Bond exists immediately prior to such Asset Package Credit Event.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if 
Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, it shall

--- Page 268 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-45 
 
 
be deemed that no Package Observable Bond exists with respect to a Reference Entity that is a 
Sovereign (even if such a Package Observable Bond has been published by ISDA) and accordingly, 
Asset Package Delivery shall not apply thereto.  If Asset Package Delivery applies, the relevant Asset 
Package will be deemed to be a Deliverable Obligation and the composition of the Asset Package and 
the Valuation Reference Holding in respect of each Credit Linked Note equal to the Calculation 
Amount will be determined by reference to the relevant Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond specified as Valuation Obligation(s) in the relevant Notice of Valuation Settlement 
or Valuation Settlement Amendment Notice, as applicable.  Where appropriate the Calculation Agent 
may make any adjustment in relation to provisions for valuation and determination of the Final Price 
to take account of the relevant Asset Package. 
The Issuer may, from time to time, amend a Notice of Valuation Settlement by delivering a notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices), (each such notification, a “Valuation 
Settlement Amendment Notice”) that the Issuer is replacing, in whole or in part, one or more 
Valuation Obligations specified in the Notice of Valuation Settlement or a prior Valuation Settlement 
Amendment Notice, as applicable. A Valuation Settlement Amendment Notice shall specify each 
replacement Valuation Obligation (each, a “Replacement Valuation Obligation”) and shall also 
specify the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount (determined on the same basis 
as in the definition of Valuation Reference Holding) of each Valuation Obligation identified in the 
Notice of Valuation Settlement or a prior Valuation Settlement Amendment Notice, as applicable, that 
is being replaced or the equivalent Currency Amount of any such amount (with respect to each such 
Valuation Obligation, the “Replaced Valuation Obligation Outstanding Amount”). The 
Replacement Valuation Obligation(s), taken together, shall have an aggregate Replaced Valuation 
Obligation Outstanding Amount at least equal to the Outstanding Principal Balance(s) and/or Due and 
Payable Amount(s) (or the equivalent Currency Amount(s) of any such amount(s)) of the Valuation 
Obligations being replaced. Each such Valuation Settlement Amendment Notice must be effective on 
or prior to the first Valuation Date (determined without reference to any change resulting from such 
Valuation Settlement Amendment Notice). Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the Issuer may correct 
any errors or inconsistencies contained in the Notice of Valuation Settlement or any Valuation 
Settlement Amendment Notice, as applicable, by notice to Noteholders in accordance with General 
Condition 15 (Notices), prior to the relevant first Valuation Date; and (ii) if Asset Package Delivery is 
applicable, the Issuer shall on the VSN Effective Date, or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter 
(but in any case, prior to the first Valuation Date), notify the Noteholders (in accordance with General 
Condition 15 (Notices)) of the detailed description of the Asset Package, if any, in lieu of the Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, if any, specified as Valuation Obligation(s) in 
the Notice of Valuation Settlement or Valuation Settlement Amendment Notice, as applicable, it being 
understood in each case that any such notice of correction shall not constitute a Valuation Settlement 
Amendment Notice. 
If “Mod R” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and Restructuring is the only Credit 
Event specified in a Credit Event Notice, then a Valuation Obligation may be included in the Valuation 
Reference Holding only if it (i) is a Fully Transferable Obligation and (ii) has a final maturity date not 
later than the applicable Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date in each case as of each such date as 
the Calculation Agent determines relevant for purposes of the Hedging Arrangements. 
If “Mod Mod R” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and Restructuring is the only 
Credit Event specified in a Credit Event Notice, then unless the Valuation Obligation is a Prior 
Deliverable Obligation and Asset Package Delivery applies due to a Governmental Intervention, a 
Valuation Obligation may be included in the Valuation Reference Holding only if it (i) is a 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation and (ii) has a final maturity date not later than the applicable 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date, in each case, as of each such date as the Calculation 
Agent determines relevant for purposes of the Hedging Arrangements.  For the purposes of this 
paragraph only and notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Restructured Bond or Loan with a 
final maturity date on or prior to the 10-year Limitation Date, the final maturity date of such Bond or

--- Page 269 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-46 
 
 
Loan shall be deemed to be the earlier of such final maturity date or the final maturity date of such 
Bond or Loan immediately prior to the relevant Restructuring. 
If a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred and the Notes become redeemable in accordance 
with this Reference Item Condition 2.3 (Cash Settlement), upon payment of the Credit Event 
Redemption Amounts in respect of the Notes, the Issuer shall have discharged its obligations in 
respect of the Notes and shall have no other liability or obligation whatsoever in respect thereof.  
The Credit Event Redemption Amount may be less than the nominal amount of a Credit Linked 
Note.  Any shortfall shall be borne by the Noteholders and no liability shall attach to the Issuer. 
2.4. 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
If “Repudiation/Moratorium” is specified as a Credit Event in the relevant Issue Terms, the provisions 
of this Reference Item Condition 2.4 (Repudiation/Moratorium Extension) shall apply. 
Where a Credit Event Determination Date has not occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Termination 
Notice Date but the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition has been satisfied on or prior to the 
Scheduled Termination Notice Date or, if Reference Item Condition 2.7(ii) (Maturity Date Extension 
in the case of Credit Linked Notes) applies, the Postponed Cut-off Date (as defined in Reference Item 
Condition 2.7 (Maturity Date Extension in the case of Credit Linked Notes)) and the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date in respect of such Potential Repudiation Moratorium will, 
in the sole determination of the Calculation Agent, fall after the Scheduled Termination Notice Date, 
then the Calculation Agent shall notify the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 15 
(Notices) that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred and the maturity of the Notes will be 
delayed and: 
(i) 
where a Repudiation/Moratorium has not occurred on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date: 
(A) 
each unit or nominal amount of Credit Linked Notes equal to the Calculation Amount 
will be redeemed by the Issuer at the Final Redemption Amount on the fifth Business 
Day following the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date or, if later, the 
Postponed Cut-off Date; and 
(B) 
in the case of interest bearing Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer shall be obliged to pay 
(i) interest calculated as provided herein, accruing from (and including) the Interest 
Payment Date immediately preceding the Scheduled Maturity Date or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date and (ii) 
if “Additional Interest Amount” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
an Additional Interest Amount if greater than zero in respect of each Note and the 
Additional Amount Period ending on (but excluding) the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date, but, in each case, shall only be obliged to make such payment of 
interest on the fifth Business Day following the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation 
Date or, if later, the Postponed Cut-off Date and no further or other amount in respect 
of interest shall be payable and no additional amount shall be payable in respect of 
such delay; or 
(ii) 
where a Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date and a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, the provisions of 
Reference Item Condition 2 (Credit-Linked Notes) and Reference Item Condition 2.2 (Auction 
Settlement) or Reference Item Condition 2.3 (Cash Settlement), as applicable, shall apply to 
the Credit Linked Notes.

--- Page 270 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-47 
 
 
2.5. 
Grace Period Extension 
If “Grace Period Extension” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the provisions of 
this Reference Item Condition 2.5 (Grace Period Extension) shall apply. 
Where a Credit Event Determination Date has not occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Termination 
Notice Date but, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred 
with respect to one or more Obligation(s) in respect of which a Grace Period is applicable on or prior 
to the Scheduled Termination Notice Date (and such Grace Period(s) is/are continuing as at the 
Scheduled Termination Notice Date), then the Calculation Agent shall notify the Noteholders in 
accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices) that a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred and the 
maturity of the Notes will be delayed and: 
(i) 
where a Failure to Pay has not occurred on the Grace Period Extension Date: 
(A) 
each unit or nominal amount of Credit Linked Notes equal to the Calculation Amount 
will be redeemed by the Issuer at the Final Redemption Amount on the fifth Business 
Day following the Grace Period Extension Date, or, if later, the Scheduled Maturity 
Date; and 
(B) 
in the case of interest bearing Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer shall be obliged to pay 
(i) interest calculated as provided herein, accruing from (and including) the Interest 
Payment Date immediately preceding the Scheduled Maturity Date or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date and (ii) 
if “Additional Interest Amount” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
an Additional Interest Amount if greater than zero in respect of each Note and the 
Additional Amount Period ending on (but excluding) the Grace Period Extension 
Date, but, in each case, shall only be obliged to make such payment of interest on the 
fifth Business Day following the Grace Period Extension Date or, if later, the 
Scheduled Maturity Date and no further or other amount in respect of interest shall be 
payable and no additional amount shall be payable in respect of such delay; or 
(ii) 
where a Failure to Pay has occurred on the Grace Period Extension Date and a Credit Event 
Determination Date has occurred, the provisions of Reference Item Condition 2 (Credit-
Linked Notes) and Reference Item Condition 2.2 (Auction Settlement) or Reference Item 
Condition 2.3 (Cash Settlement), as applicable, shall apply to the Credit Linked Notes. 
2.6. 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Extension 
If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, a Potential Credit Event has occurred and the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has not made its determination on or prior to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date then the Calculation Agent shall notify Noteholders in accordance with General 
Condition 15 (Notices) that the Maturity Date has been postponed to a date (the “DC Determination 
Postponed Date”) being the Scheduled Maturity Date or, if later, the day falling five Business Days 
after (a) if the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves that a Credit Event has 
occurred, fifteen (15) Business Days following the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement or (b) if 
the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves that a Credit Event has not occurred, the 
second Business Day following the relevant DC No Credit Event Announcement or, as applicable, (c) 
fifteen (15) Business Days following the DC Credit Event Question Dismissal (the date of the relevant 
DC Credit Event Announcement, DC No Credit Event Announcement or DC Credit Event Dismissal, 
as applicable, the “DC Determination Cut-off Date”), and: 
(i) 
where a Credit Event has not occurred on or prior to the DC Determination Cut-off Date:

--- Page 271 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-48 
 
 
(A) 
each unit or nominal amount of Credit Linked Notes equal to the Calculation Amount 
will be redeemed by the Issuer at the Final Redemption Amount on the DC 
Determination Postponed Date; and 
(B) 
in the case of interest bearing Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer shall be obliged to pay 
(i) interest calculated as provided herein, accruing from (and including) the Interest 
Payment Date immediately preceding the Scheduled Maturity Date or if none the 
Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date and (ii) 
if “Additional Interest Amount” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
an Additional Interest Amount if greater than zero in respect of each Note and the 
Additional Amount Period ending on (but excluding) the DC Determination Cut-off 
Date, but, in each case, shall only be obliged to make such payment of interest on the 
DC Determination Postponed Date and no further or other amount in respect of 
interest shall be payable and no additional amount shall be payable in respect of such 
delay; or 
(ii) 
where a Credit Event has occurred on or prior to the DC Determination Cut-off Date and a 
Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, the provisions of Reference Item Condition 2 
(Credit-Linked Notes) and Reference Item Condition 2.2 (Auction Settlement) or Reference 
Item Condition 2.3 (Cash Settlement), as applicable, shall apply to the Credit Linked Notes. 
2.7. 
Maturity Date Extension in the case of Credit Linked Notes 
The following provisions of this Reference Item Condition 2.7 (Maturity Date Extension in the case 
of Credit Linked Notes) apply to Credit Linked Notes and, for the avoidance of doubt, may be applied 
on more than one occasion: 
Without prejudice to Reference Item Condition 2.8 (Settlement Suspension), if: 
(i) 
on 
(A) 
the 
Scheduled 
Termination 
Notice 
Date, 
(B), 
if 
applicable, 
the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date, (C) if Grace Period Extension is specified as 
applying in the relevant Issue Terms, the Grace Period Extension Date, (D) the last day of the 
Notice Delivery Period or (E) the DC Determination Cut-off Date, as the case may be, a Credit 
Event Determination Date has not occurred but, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, 
a Credit Event or Potential Credit Event may have occurred; or 
(ii) 
on the Scheduled Termination Notice Date, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, a 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium may have occurred, 
the Calculation Agent may at its option notify the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 
15 (Notices) that (A) in the case of (i) above, redemption of the Notes has been postponed and the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date, the Grace Period Extension Date, the last day of the Notice 
Delivery Period (which for these purposes shall apply in the case of (i)(A) as well as (i)(D) above) or 
the DC Determination Cut-off Date, as the case may be, has been postponed to the Postponed Cut-off 
Date; or (B) in the case of (ii) above, redemption of the Notes has been postponed, and: 
where: 
(A) 
in the case of Reference Item Condition 2.7(i), a Credit Event Determination Date has not 
occurred on or prior to the Postponed Cut-off Date or, in the case of Reference Item 
Condition 2.7(ii), the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is not satisfied on or prior 
to the Postponed Cut-off Date:

--- Page 272 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-49 
 
 
(I) 
subject as provided below, each Note will be redeemed by the Issuer at the Final 
Redemption Amount on the Postponed Maturity Date; and 
(II) 
in the case of interest bearing Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer shall be obliged to pay 
(i) interest calculated as provided herein accruing from (and including) the Interest 
Payment Date immediately preceding the Scheduled Maturity Date or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date and (ii) 
if “Additional Interest Amount” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms 
(other 
than 
where 
the 
provisions 
of 
Reference 
Item 
Condition 
2.4 
(Repudiation/Moratorium Extension) shall apply to the Notes), an Additional Interest 
Amount if greater than zero in respect of each Note and the Additional Amount Period 
ending on (but excluding) the Postponed Cut-off Date, but, in each case, shall only be 
obliged to make such payment of interest on the Postponed Maturity Date and no 
further or other amount in respect of interest shall be payable and no additional 
amount shall be payable in respect of such delay; 
(B) 
where: 
(I) 
in the case of Reference Item Condition 2.7(i), a Credit Event Determination Date has 
occurred on or prior to the Postponed Cut-off Date the provisions of Reference Item 
Condition 2 (Credit-Linked Notes) and Reference Item Condition 2.2 (Auction 
Settlement) or Reference Item Condition 2.3 (Cash Settlement), shall apply to the 
Credit Linked Notes; or 
(II) 
in the case of Reference Item Condition 2.7(ii), the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension Condition is satisfied on or prior to the Postponed Cut-off Date, the 
provisions of Reference Item Condition 2.4 (Repudiation/Moratorium Extension) 
shall apply to the Credit Linked Notes. 
For the purposes hereof: 
“Postponed Cut-off Date” means the Scheduled Maturity Date or, if later, (i) in the case of Reference 
Item Condition 2.7(i), the fifteenth (15th) Business Day after the Scheduled Termination Notice Date, 
the relevant Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date or Grace Period Extension Date, or the last day 
of the Notice Delivery Period or the DC Determination Cut-off Date, as the case may be; or (ii) in the 
case of Reference Item Condition 2.7(ii), the fifteenth (15th) Business Day after the Scheduled 
Termination Notice Date. 
“Postponed Maturity Date” means the fifth Business Day following the Postponed Cut-off Date. 
2.8. 
Settlement Suspension 
(i) 
Suspension 
Without prejudice to Reference Item Condition 2.7 (Maturity Date Extension in the case of 
Credit Linked Notes), if, following the determination of a Credit Event Determination Date 
but prior to the first Valuation Date, there is a DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement, the 
Calculation Agent may, at its option, determine that the applicable timing requirements of the 
Terms and Conditions and the definitions of Credit Event Redemption Date, Valuation Date, 
Valuation Obligation Observation Settlement Period and VSN Cut-off Date, and any other 
Reference Item Condition provision(s) as determined by the Calculation Agent, shall toll and 
be suspended and remain suspended (such period of suspension, a “Suspension Period”) until 
the date of the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement or DC Credit Event Question 
Dismissal. Once the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement or DC Credit Event Question

--- Page 273 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-50 
 
 
Dismissal has occurred, the relevant timing requirements of the Terms and Conditions that 
have previously tolled or been suspended shall resume on the Business Day following such 
public announcement by the DC Secretary. 
In the event of any such Suspension Period, the Calculation Agent may make (x) such 
consequential or other adjustment(s) or determination(s) to or in relation to the General 
Conditions and these Terms and Conditions as may be desirable or required either during or 
following any relevant Suspension Period to account for or reflect such suspension and (y) 
determine the effective date of such adjustment(s) or determination(s). 
(ii) 
Interest 
In the case of interest bearing Credit Linked Notes: 
(A) 
if a Suspension Period falls in any one or more Interest Period(s), then no interest (or 
any interest on any delayed payment of interest) shall accrue during each portion of 
an Interest Period during which a Suspension Period exists; and 
(B) 
if an Interest Payment Date falls in a Suspension Period, such Interest Payment Date 
will be deferred until such date as determined by the Calculation Agent falling no 
earlier than the first Payment Day and no later than the fifth Payment Day following 
the end of the Suspension Period, all subject to the provisions of Interest Payout 
Conditions 4 (Credit-Linked Interest Provisions) and 6 (General Provisions relating 
to Interest) and Reference Item Conditions 2.4 (Repudiation/Moratorium Extension), 
2.5 (Grace Period Extension) 2.6 (Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
Extension) and 2.7 (Maturity Date Extension in the case of Credit Linked Notes). 
2.9. 
Redemption following a Merger Event 
If “Merger Event” is specified as applying in the relevant Issue Terms, in the event that in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent a Merger Event has occurred, the Issuer may give notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices), and redeem all but not some only of 
the Credit Linked Notes and pay in respect of each Credit Linked Note, the Merger Event Redemption 
Amount on the Merger Event Redemption Date in each case as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
2.10. 
Definitions applicable to Credit Linked Notes 
“2.5-year Limitation Date” has the meaning given to that term in the definition of “Limitation Date”. 
“10-year Limitation Date” has the meaning given to that term in the definition of “Limitation Date”. 
“Accrued Interest” means for the purpose of these Reference Item Conditions in respect of any Notes 
for which “Cash Settlement” is specified to be the Settlement Method in the relevant Issue Terms (or 
for which Cash Settlement is applicable pursuant to the Fallback Settlement Method), where: 
(i) 
“Include Accrued Interest” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of each Valuation Obligation shall include accrued but unpaid interest; 
(ii) 
“Exclude Accrued Interest” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of each Valuation Obligation shall not include accrued but unpaid interest; or 
(iii) 
neither “Include Accrued Interest” nor “Exclude Accrued Interest” is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine, separately in respect of each Valuation 
Obligation, based on the then current market practice in the market of each Valuation

--- Page 274 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-51 
 
 
Obligation whether the Outstanding Principal Balance of each Valuation Obligation shall 
include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest and, if applicable, the amount thereof. 
“Additional Amount Period” means, the period from and including (a) the Scheduled Maturity Date 
to but excluding (b) (i) the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date (where Reference Item Condition 
2.4 (Repudiation/Moratorium Extension) applies), (ii) the Grace Period Extension Date (where 
Reference Item Condition 2.5 (Grace Period Extension) applies), (iii) the DC Determination Cut-off 
Date (where Reference Item Condition 2.6 (Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Extension) 
applies) or (iv) the Postponed Cut-off Date (where Reference Item Condition 2.7 (Maturity Date 
Extension in the case of Credit Linked Notes) applies). 
“Additional Interest Amount” means an amount in the Specified Currency equal to the product of: 
(i) 
the Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount or Credit Event Redemption 
Amount, as applicable; 
(ii) 
the Average Overnight Rate in respect of the Additional Amount Period; and 
(iii) 
the number of days in the Additional Amount Period divided by 360 (the number of days to 
be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months (unless (i) the last day 
of the Additional Amount Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the Additional 
Amount Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month 
that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month or (ii) the 
last day of the Additional Amount Period is the last day of the month of February, in which 
case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)) 
provided that if the Scheduled Maturity Date would fall on or after the relevant date specified 
in part (b) of the definition of Additional Amount Period then the Additional Interest Amount 
will be zero. 
“Affiliate” means in relation to any entity (the “First Entity”), any entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any 
entity directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes “control” 
means ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity. 
“Asset” means each obligation, equity, amount of cash, security, fee (including any “early-bird” or 
other consent fee), right and/or other asset, whether tangible or otherwise and whether issued, incurred, 
paid or provided by the Reference Entity or a third party (or any value which was realised or capable 
of being realised in circumstances where the right and/or other asset no longer exists). 
“Asset Package” means, in respect of an Asset Package Credit Event, all of the Assets in the 
proportion received or retained by a Relevant Holder in connection with such relevant Asset Package 
Credit Event (which may include the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as 
the case may be). If the Relevant Holder is offered a choice of Assets or a choice of combinations of 
Assets, the Asset Package will be the Largest Asset Package. If the Relevant Holder is offered, receives 
and retains nothing, the Asset Package shall be deemed to be zero. 
“Asset Package Credit Event” means: 
(i) 
if “Financial Reference Entity Terms” and “Governmental Intervention” are specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms: 
(1) 
a Governmental Intervention; or

--- Page 275 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-52 
 
 
(2) 
a Restructuring in respect of the Reference Obligation, if “Restructuring” is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and such Restructuring 
does not constitute a Governmental Intervention; and 
(ii) 
if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and “Restructuring” is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, a Restructuring, 
in each case, whether or not such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit 
Event Notice or the DC Credit Event Announcement. 
“Auction” shall have the meaning as shall be set forth in the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement 
Terms. 
“Auction Cancellation Date” shall have the meaning as shall be set forth in the relevant Transaction 
Auction Settlement Terms. 
“Auction Covered Transaction” shall have the meaning as shall be set forth in the relevant 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
“Auction Final Price” means the lesser of (i) 100 per cent. and (ii) the Auction Final Price as shall be 
set forth or referred to in the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
“Auction Final Price Determination Date” shall have the meaning as shall be set forth in the relevant 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
“Auction Settlement Date” shall mean the date that is the number of Business Days as shall be 
specified in the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms (or, if a number of Business Days is 
not so specified, three Business Days) immediately following the Auction Final Price Determination 
Date. 
“Auction Settlement Notice” has the meaning given to that term in Reference Item Condition 2.2 
(Auction Settlement). 
“Average Overnight Rate” means, in respect of the Additional Amount Period, a rate (expressed as 
a percentage) calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the average of the Overnight Rates for each 
day in the period from and including the first day of such Additional Amount Period to but excluding 
the second Business Day immediately preceding the day on which such Additional Amount Period 
ends but which is excluded from the Additional Amount Period. 
“Bankruptcy” means the Reference Entity: 
(i) 
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(ii) 
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a judicial, 
regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to pay its debts as they 
become due; 
(iii) 
makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the benefit of 
its creditors generally, or such a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition 
becomes effective; 
(iv) 
institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other similar relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other law 
affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and, in 
the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, such proceeding

--- Page 276 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-53 
 
 
or petition (a) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for 
relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (b) is not dismissed, 
discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within thirty (30) calendar days of the institution 
or presentation thereof or before the Scheduled Termination Notice Date, whichever is earlier; 
(v) 
has a resolution passed for its winding-up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(vi) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, 
conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially 
all its assets; 
(vii) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or 
against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any 
such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within thirty (30) 
calendar days thereafter or before the Scheduled Termination Notice Date, whichever is 
earlier; or 
(viii) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any 
jurisdiction, has any analogous effect to any of the events specified in clauses (i) to (vii). 
“Calculation Agent City Business Day” means a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the Calculation Agent City specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
“Calculation Agent Valuation Settlement Amendment Notice” means a notice by the Calculation 
Agent to the Issuer containing material information required to be included in a Valuation Settlement 
Amendment Notice to be given by the Issuer. 
“Calculation Agent Valuation Settlement Notice” means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the 
Issuer containing material information required to be included in a Notice of Valuation Settlement to 
be given by the Issuer.  
“Cash Settlement Notice” has the meaning given to that term in Reference Item Condition 2.3 (Cash 
Settlement). 
“Conditionally Transferable Obligation” means a Deliverable Obligation or Valuation Obligation 
that is either Transferable, in the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Modified 
Eligible Transferees without the consent of any person being required, in the case of any Deliverable 
Obligation or Valuation Obligation (as the case may be) other than Bonds, in each case as of each such 
date the Calculation Agent determines appropriate for purposes of the Hedging Arrangements 
provided, however, that a Deliverable Obligation or Valuation Obligation (as the case may be) other 
than Bonds will be a Conditionally Transferable Obligation notwithstanding that consent of the 
Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of a Deliverable Obligation or Valuation Obligation (as the 
case may be) other than Bonds (or the consent of the relevant obligor if the Reference Entity is 
guaranteeing such Deliverable Obligation) or any agent is required for such novation, assignment or 
transfer so long as the terms of such Deliverable Obligation or Valuation Obligation provide that such 
consent may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.  Any requirement that notification of novation, 
assignment or transfer of a Deliverable Obligation be provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative 
agent, clearing agent or paying agent for a Deliverable Obligation shall not be considered to be a 
requirement for consent for purposes of this definition of “Conditionally Transferable Obligation”.

--- Page 277 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-54 
 
 
“Conforming Reference Obligation” means a Reference Obligation which is a Deliverable 
Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (i) below of the definition of “Deliverable 
Obligation” below. 
“Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms” means any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement 
Terms published by ISDA, a form of which will be published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org 
(or any successor website thereto) from time to time and may be amended from time to time. 
“Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee” (and each a “Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee”) means each committee established pursuant to the DC Rules for purposes of reaching 
certain DC Resolutions in connection with credit derivative transactions. 
“Credit Event” means the occurrence of any one or more of the Credit Events specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms which may include Bankruptcy, Failure to Pay, Obligation Acceleration, Obligation 
Default, Repudiation/Moratorium, Restructuring or Governmental Intervention. 
If an occurrence would otherwise constitute a Credit Event, such occurrence will constitute a Credit 
Event whether or not such occurrence arises directly or indirectly from, or is subject to a defence based 
upon: 
(i) 
any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the Reference Entity to enter into any 
Obligation or, as applicable, an Underlying Obligor to enter into any Underlying Obligation; 
(ii) 
any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect to 
any Obligation or, as applicable, any Underlying Obligation, however described; 
(iii) 
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the 
promulgation of, or any change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory 
authority or similar administrative or judicial body with competent or apparent jurisdiction of 
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described; or 
(iv) 
the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any other 
similar restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, however described. 
“Credit Event Backstop Date” means: 
(i) 
for purposes of any event that constitutes a Credit Event (or with respect to a 
Repudiation/Moratorium, if applicable, the event described in paragraph (ii) of the definition 
of “Repudiation/Moratorium”), as determined by DC Resolution, the date that is the later of 
(A) 60 calendar days prior to the Credit Event Resolution Request Date and (B) if Credit Event 
Backstop Date Adjustment is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the date 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the Credit Exposure Start Date; or 
(ii) 
otherwise, the later of (A) if Credit Event Backstop Date Adjustment is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, the date specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the Credit 
Exposure Start Date and (B) the date that is sixty (60) calendar days prior to the earlier of: 
(1) 
if the Notice Delivery Date occurs during the Notice Delivery Period, the 
Notice Delivery Date; and 
(2) 
if the Notice Delivery Date occurs during the Post Dismissal Additional 
Period, the Credit Event Resolution Request Date.

--- Page 278 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-55 
 
 
The Credit Event Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business 
Day Convention. 
“Credit Event Determination Date” means, with respect to a Credit Event with respect to which: 
(i) 
Auction Settlement is the applicable Settlement Method: 
(1) 
subject to paragraph (i)(2) of this definition, the Notice Delivery Date if the 
Notice Delivery Date occurs during either the Notice Delivery Period or the 
Post Dismissal Additional Period, provided that neither (A) a DC Credit 
Event Announcement has occurred nor (B) a DC No Credit Event 
Announcement has occurred, in each case, with respect to the Credit Event 
specified in the Credit Event Notice; or 
(2) 
notwithstanding paragraph (i)(1) of this definition, the Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date, if a DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred, 
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred on or prior to the last 
day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date) and 
either: 
(A) 
(I) 
the Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(II) 
the Trade Date occurs on or prior to a DC Announcement 
Coverage Cut-off Date; or 
(B) 
(I) 
the Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(II) 
a Credit Event Notice is delivered and is effective on or prior 
to the Exercise Cut-off Date, provided that no Credit Event 
Notice specifying an M(M)R Restructuring as the only 
Credit Event has previously been delivered unless the 
M(M)R Restructuring specified in such Credit Event Notice 
is also the subject of the DC Credit Event Question resulting 
in the occurrence of the Credit Event Resolution Request 
Date, or the Calculation Agent otherwise determines this is 
consistent with the Issuer’s Hedging Arrangements, or 
(ii) 
if paragraph (i) of this definition does not apply, the Non-Standard Credit Event Determination 
Date. 
Provided further that no Credit Event Determination Date will occur, and any Credit Event 
Determination Date previously determined with respect to an event shall be deemed not to have 
occurred, if, or to the extent that, prior to the Auction Final Price Determination Date, a Valuation 
Date, the Credit Event Redemption Date or the Scheduled Termination Notice Date as applicable, a 
DC No Credit Event Announcement Date occurs with respect to the relevant event. 
If, in accordance with the provisions above, (i) following the determination of a Credit Event 
Determination Date, such Credit Event Determination Date is deemed (A) to have occurred on a date 
that is different from the date that was originally determined to be the Credit Event Determination 
Date or (B) not to have occurred or (ii) a Credit Event Determination Date is deemed to have occurred 
prior to a preceding Credit Event Observation Date, the Calculation Agent will determine (1) such 
adjustment(s) to the Terms and Conditions of the relevant Notes (including any adjustment to future 
amounts due (including interest (if any) and/or principal)) as may be required to achieve as far as 
practicable the same economic position of Noteholders as would have prevailed had a Credit Event

--- Page 279 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-56 
 
 
Determination Date not occurred (in the case of (i)(B) above) or had the actual Credit Event 
Determination Date been determined prior to any relevant Credit Event Observation Date (in the case 
of (i)(A) and (ii) above) and (2) the effective date of such adjustment(s). 
Where the Notes are First-to-Default Credit Linked Notes, a Credit Event Determination Date shall be 
deemed to occur with respect to the Notes on the first occasion a Credit Event Determination Date 
occurs with respect to any Reference Entity (the “First Reference Entity”). Where the Notes are First-
to-Default Credit Linked Notes or Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes and a Credit Event 
Determination Date occurs with respect to more than one Reference Entity on the same day, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its sole discretion the order in which such Credit Event 
Determination Dates occur. 
“Credit Event Notice” means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer (which the Calculation 
Agent has the right but not the obligation to deliver) that describes a Credit Event that occurred on or 
after the Credit Event Backstop Date and on or prior to the Extension Date. 
Any Credit Event Notice that describes a Credit Event that occurred after the Scheduled Termination 
Notice Date must relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace Period Extension 
Date, or the relevant Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date. 
A Credit Event Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination that a Credit Event has occurred. The Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit Event 
Notice need not be continuing on the date the Credit Event Notice is effective.  A Credit Event Notice 
shall be subject to the requirements regarding notices set out in Reference Item Condition 2.14 
(Calculation Agent Notices). 
“Credit Event Observation Date” shall be as defined in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Credit Event Redemption Amount” has the meaning given to such term in Redemption Payout 
Condition 2. 
“Credit Event Redemption Date” means, subject to Reference Item Condition 2.8 (Settlement 
Suspension): 
(i) 
in the case of any Notes other than Portfolio Credit Linked Notes, 
(1) 
the day falling three Business Days, or such other number of Business Days 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, after (i) the calculation of the Final Price 
(ii) the Auction Final Price Determination Date, provided that the Credit 
Event Redemption Date shall not fall earlier than the Auction Settlement Date 
or (iii) if the Notes are Zero/Set Recovery Notes the Credit Event 
Determination Date, as applicable, in each case in respect of the Reference 
Entity the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date in respect of 
which results in the Notes becoming redeemable; or 
(2) 
where Maturity Credit Event Redemption is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms only: if later, the Maturity Date determined pursuant to 
these Reference Item Conditions and subject to adjustment, where applicable, 
pursuant to Reference Item Conditions 2.4 (Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension), 2.5 (Grace Period Extension), 2.6 (Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee Extension), 2.7 (Maturity Date Extension in the 
case of Credit Linked Notes) and 2.8 (Settlement Suspension); or

--- Page 280 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-57 
 
 
(ii) 
in the case of Portfolio Credit Linked Notes, the “Maturity Date” determined for these 
purposes as: 
(1) 
subject to (2) below, the later of: 
(A) 
the day falling three Business Days or such other number of Business 
Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms, following (i) the 
calculation of the Final Price or (ii) the Auction Final Price 
Determination Date (or, if later, the related Auction Settlement Date) 
in respect of each Reference Entity for which a Credit Event 
Determination Date has occurred and for which the Final Price or 
Auction Final Price is relevant for the determination of the Credit 
Event Redemption Amount and 
(B) 
the Maturity Date determined without regard to the provisions of this 
paragraph and subject to adjustment as specified in Reference Item 
Conditions 2.4 (Repudiation/Moratorium Extension), 2.5 (Grace 
Period Extension), 2.6 (Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee Extension), 2.7 (Maturity Date Extension in the case of 
Credit Linked Notes) or 2.8 (Settlement Suspension) or 
(2) 
if the Notes are Zero/Set Recovery Notes, the later of 
(A) 
the day falling three Business Days or such other number of Business 
Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms, following the date as of 
which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred or is 
determined not to have occurred in respect of each Reference Entity 
which is relevant for the determination of the Credit Event 
Redemption Amount and 
(B) 
the Maturity Date determined without regard to the provisions of this 
paragraph and subject to adjustment as specified in Reference Item 
Conditions 2.4 (Repudiation/Moratorium Extension), 2.5 (Grace 
Period Extension), 2.6 (Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee Extension), 2.7 (Maturity Date Extension in the case of 
Credit Linked Notes) or 2.8 (Settlement Suspension). 
“Credit Event Resolution Request Date” means, with respect to a DC Credit Event Question, the 
date, as publicly announced by the DC Secretary, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee Resolves to be the date on which the DC Credit Event Question was effective and on which 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was in possession of Publicly Available 
Information with respect to such DC Credit Event Question. 
“Currency Amount” means, with respect to (a) a Valuation Obligation specified in a Notice of 
Valuation Settlement that is denominated in a currency other than the Settlement Currency, an amount 
converted to the Settlement Currency using a conversion rate determined by reference to the Currency 
Rate and (b) a Replacement Valuation Obligation specified in a Valuation Settlement Amendment 
Notice, an amount converted to the Settlement Currency (or, if applicable, back into the Settlement 
Currency) using a conversion rate determined by reference to the Currency Rate, if any, and each 
Revised Currency Rate used to convert each Replaced Valuation Obligation Outstanding Amount 
specified in each Valuation Settlement Amendment Notice with respect to that portion of the relevant 
Credit Linked Notes into the currency of denomination of the relevant Replacement Valuation 
Obligation.

--- Page 281 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-58 
 
 
“Currency Rate” means, with respect to (a) a Valuation Obligation specified in the Notice of 
Valuation Settlement or any Valuation Settlement Amendment Notice, as applicable, the rate of 
conversion between the Settlement Currency and the currency in which the Outstanding Principal 
Balance or Due and Payable Amount of such Valuation Obligation is denominated that is either (i) 
determined by reference to the Currency Rate Source as at the Next Currency Fixing Time or (ii) if 
such rate is not available at such time, determined by the Calculation Agent and (b) a Replacement 
Valuation Obligation specified in a Valuation Settlement Amendment Notice, the Revised Currency 
Rate. 
“Currency Rate Source” means the mid-point rate of conversion published by WM/Reuters at 4:00 
p.m. (London time), or any successor rate source approved by the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee. 
“DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date” means, with respect to a DC Credit Event 
Announcement, the Auction Final Price Determination Date, the Auction Cancellation Date, or the 
date that is fourteen calendar days following the No Auction Announcement Date, if any, as applicable. 
“DC Credit Event Announcement” means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
has Resolved that an event that constitutes a Credit Event has occurred on or after the Credit Event 
Backstop Date and on or prior to the Extension Date, provided that if the Credit Event occurred after 
the Scheduled Termination Notice Date, the DC Credit Event Announcement must relate to the 
relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace Period Extension Date, or the relevant Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
“DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement” means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will be 
convened to Resolve the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
“DC Credit Event Question” means a notice to the DC Secretary requesting that a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve whether an event that constitutes a Credit Event 
has occurred. 
“DC Credit Event Question Dismissal” means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
has Resolved not to determine the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
“DC Determination Cut-off Date” has the meaning given to that term in Reference Item Condition 
2.6 (Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Extension). 
“DC Determination Postponed Date” has the meaning given to that term in Reference Item 
Condition 2.6 (Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Extension). 
“DC No Credit Event Announcement” means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
has Resolved that an event that is the subject of a DC Credit Event Question does not constitute a 
Credit Event. 
“DC Resolution” has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
“DC Rules” means the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees Rules, as published by ISDA 
on its website at www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto) from time to time and as amended 
from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof.

--- Page 282 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-59 
 
 
“DC Secretary” has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
“Default Requirement” means the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency or, if no such amount is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, USD10,000,000, or its equivalent as calculated by the Calculation Agent in the relevant 
Obligation Currency, in either case, as of the occurrence of the relevant Credit Event. 
“Deliver” means to deliver, novate, transfer (including, in the case of a Guarantee, transfer of the 
benefit of the Guarantee), assign or sell, as appropriate, in the manner customary for the settlement of 
the applicable Deliverable Obligations (which shall include executing all necessary documentation 
and taking any other necessary actions), in order to convey all right, title (or, with respect to 
Deliverable Obligations where only equitable title is customarily conveyed, all equitable title) and 
interest in such Deliverable Obligations free and clear of any and all liens, charges, claims or 
encumbrances (excluding any liens routinely imposed on all securities in a relevant clearing system, 
but including, without limitation, any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence 
based on the factors set out in (i) to (iv) in the definition of “Credit Event” above) or right of set-off 
by or of the Reference Entity or any applicable Underlying Obligor) provided that (i) if a Deliverable 
Obligation is a Direct Loan Participation, “Deliver” means to create (or procure the creation of) a 
participation in favour of the relevant deliveree and (ii) if a Deliverable Obligation is a Guarantee, 
“Deliver” means to Deliver both the Underlying Obligation and the Guarantee, provided further that 
if the Guarantee has a Fixed Cap, “Deliver” means to Deliver the Underlying Obligation, the 
Guarantee and all claims to any amounts which are subject to such Fixed Cap. “Delivery” and 
“Delivered” will be construed accordingly.  In the case of a Loan, Delivery shall be effected using 
documentation substantially in the form of the documentation customarily used in the relevant market 
for Delivery of such Loan at that time. 
For the purposes of Condition 2.3 (Cash Settlement), if Asset Package Delivery applies, (i) the 
Calculation Agent may determine that the Asset Package shall be a Valuation Obligation for the 
purposes of determining the Final Price and such Asset Package shall be treated as having the same 
currency, Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, as the Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond to which it corresponds had immediately prior to 
the Asset Package Credit Event, (ii) the preceding paragraph shall be deemed to apply to each Asset 
in the Asset Package provided that if any such Asset is not a Bond, it shall be treated as if it were a 
Loan for these purposes and (iii) if the Asset Package is zero and the Calculation Agent has made the 
determination referred to in (i) above, the relevant Final Price (or portion thereof relating to the Asset 
Package) will be deemed to be zero. 
“Deliverable Obligation” means: 
(i) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) 
determined pursuant to the method described in “(1) Method for Determining Deliverable 
Obligations” below; 
(ii) 
the Reference Obligation; 
(iii) 
solely in relation to a Restructuring Credit Event applicable to a Reference Entity which is a 
Sovereign, and unless Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Sovereign Restructured 
Deliverable Obligation; and 
(iv) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, (i) if Financial Reference Entity Terms is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, any Prior Deliverable Obligation, or (ii) if the 
Reference Entity is a Sovereign, any Package Observable Bond,

--- Page 283 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-60 
 
 
in each case, (A) unless it is an Excluded Deliverable Obligation and (B) provided that the obligation 
has an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount that is greater than zero (determined 
for purposes of paragraph (iv) above, immediately prior to the relevant Asset Package Credit Event). 
(1) 
Method for Determining Deliverable Obligations.  For the purposes of this definition 
of “Deliverable Obligation”, the term “Deliverable Obligation” may be defined as 
each obligation of the Reference Entity described by the Deliverable Obligation 
Category specified in the relevant Issue Terms, and, subject to paragraph (2) 
(Interpretation of Provisions) below, having each of, the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics, if any, specified in the relevant Issue Terms, in each case, as of each 
such date the Calculation Agent determines relevant for purposes of the Hedging 
Arrangements.  The following terms shall have the following meanings: 
(A) 
“Deliverable Obligation Category” means one of Payment, Borrowed 
Money, Reference Obligation Only, Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan (each as 
defined in the definition of “Obligation” below, except that, for the purpose 
of determining Deliverable Obligation, the definition of “Reference 
Obligation Only” shall be amended to state that no Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics shall be applicable to Reference Obligation Only). 
(B) 
“Deliverable Obligation Characteristics” means any one or more of Not 
Subordinated, Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic 
Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed, Not Domestic Issuance (each as 
defined in the definition of “Obligation” below), Assignable Loan, Consent 
Required Loan, Direct Loan Participation, Transferable, Maximum Maturity, 
Accelerated or Matured and Not Bearer, where: 
(1) 
“Assignable Loan” means a Loan that is capable of being assigned 
or novated to, at a minimum, commercial banks or financial 
institutions (irrespective of their jurisdiction of organisation) that are 
not then a lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate, 
without the consent of the relevant Reference Entity or the guarantor, 
if any, of such Loan (or the consent of the applicable borrower if the 
Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent; 
(2) 
“Consent Required Loan” means a Loan that is capable of being 
assigned or novated with the consent of the Reference Entity or the 
guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent of the relevant 
borrower if the Reference Entity is guaranteeing such loan) or any 
agent; 
(3) 
“Direct Loan Participation” means a Loan in respect of which, 
pursuant to a participation agreement, the Issuer is capable of 
creating, or procuring the creation of, a contractual right in favour of 
each Noteholder that provides each Noteholder with recourse to the 
participation seller for a specified share in any payments due under 
the relevant Loan which are received by such participation seller, any 
such agreement to be entered into between each Noteholder and 
either (A) the Issuer (to the extent that the Issuer is then a lender or a 
member of the relevant lending syndicate), or (B) a Qualifying 
Participation Seller (if any) (to the extent such Qualifying 
Participation Seller is then a lender or a member of the relevant 
lending syndicate);

--- Page 284 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-61 
 
 
(4) 
“Transferable” means an obligation that is transferable to 
institutional investors without any contractual, statutory or regulatory 
restriction, provided that none of the following shall be considered 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions: 
I 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions that provide 
for eligibility for resale pursuant to Rule 144A or Regulation 
S promulgated under the United States Securities Act of 
1933, as amended (and any contractual, statutory or 
regulatory restrictions promulgated under the laws of any 
jurisdiction having a similar effect in relation to the 
eligibility for resale of an obligation); 
II 
restrictions on permitted investments such as statutory or 
regulatory investment restrictions on insurance companies 
and pension funds; or 
III 
restrictions in respect of blocked periods on or around 
payment dates or voting periods; 
(5) 
“Maximum Maturity” means an obligation that has a remaining 
maturity of not greater than the period specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms (or if no such period is specified, thirty years); 
(6) 
“Accelerated or Matured” means an obligation under which the 
principal amount owed, whether by reason of maturity, acceleration, 
termination or otherwise, is due and payable in full in accordance 
with the terms of such obligation, or would have been but for, and 
without regard to, any limitation imposed under any applicable 
insolvency laws; and 
(7) 
“Not Bearer” means any obligation that is not a bearer instrument 
unless interests with respect to such bearer instrument are cleared via 
Euroclear, Clearstream International or any other internationally 
recognised clearing system. 
(2) 
Interpretation of Provisions 
(A) 
If either of the Obligation Characteristics “Listed” or “Not Domestic 
Issuance” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the relevant Issue Terms 
shall be construed as though the relevant Obligation Characteristic had been 
specified as an Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Bonds. 
(B) 
If (i) either of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics “Listed”, “Not 
Domestic Issuance” or “Not Bearer” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the relevant Issue Terms shall be construed as though such Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic only with respect to Bonds; (ii) the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic “Transferable” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
relevant Issue Terms shall be construed as though such Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic only with respect to Deliverable Obligations that are not Loans; 
or (iii) any of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics “Assignable Loan”, 
“Consent Required Loan” or “Direct Loan Participation” is specified in the

--- Page 285 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-62 
 
 
relevant Issue Terms, the relevant Issue Terms shall be construed as though 
such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Loans. 
(C) 
If more than one of “Assignable Loan”, “Consent Required Loan” and 
“Direct Loan Participation” are specified as Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics in the relevant Issue Terms, the Deliverable Obligations may 
include any Loan that satisfies any one of such Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics specified and need not satisfy all such Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics. 
(D) 
If an Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation is a Relevant Guarantee, the 
following will apply: 
(1) 
for purposes of the application of the Obligation Category or the 
Deliverable Obligation Category, the Relevant Guarantee shall be 
deemed to satisfy the same category or categories as those that 
describe the Underlying Obligation; 
(2) 
for purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or 
the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, both the Relevant 
Guarantee and the Underlying Obligation must satisfy on the relevant 
date or dates each of the applicable Obligation Characteristics or the 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms from the following list: “Not Subordinated”, 
“Specified Currency”, “Not Sovereign Lender”, “Not Domestic 
Currency” and “Not Domestic Law”; 
(3) 
for purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or 
the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, only the Underlying 
Obligation must satisfy on the relevant date or dates each of the 
applicable Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics, if any, specified in the relevant Issue Terms from the 
following list: “Listed”, “Not Domestic Issuance”, “Assignable 
Loan”, “Consent Required Loan”, “Direct Loan Participation”, 
“Transferable”, “Maximum Maturity”, “Accelerated” or “Matured” 
and “Not Bearer”; and 
(4) 
for purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or 
the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics to an Underlying 
Obligation, references to the Reference Entity shall be deemed to 
refer to the Underlying Obligor. 
(E) 
For purposes of the application of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic 
“Maximum Maturity”, remaining maturity shall be determined on the basis 
of the terms of the Deliverable Obligation in effect at the time of making 
such determination and, in the case of a Deliverable Obligation that is due 
and payable, the remaining maturity shall be zero. 
(F) 
If “Financial Reference Entity Terms” and “Governmental Intervention” are 
specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, if an obligation would 
otherwise satisfy a particular Obligation Characteristic or Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic, the existence of any terms in the relevant 
obligation in effect at the time of making the determination which permit

--- Page 286 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-63 
 
 
the Reference Entity’s obligations to be altered, discharged, released or 
suspended in circumstances which would constitute a Governmental 
Intervention, shall not cause such obligation to fail to satisfy such Obligation 
Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation Characteristic. 
(G) 
For purposes of determining the applicability of Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics to a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable 
Bond, any such determination shall be made by reference to the terms of the 
relevant obligation in effect immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit 
Event. 
(H) 
If “Subordinated European Insurance Terms” is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms, if an obligation would otherwise satisfy the 
“Maximum Maturity” Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, the existence 
of any Solvency Capital Provisions in such obligation shall not cause it to 
fail to satisfy such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic. 
For the avoidance of doubt the provisions of this paragraph (2) apply in respect of the definitions of 
Obligation and Deliverable Obligation as the context admits. 
“Deliverable Obligation Terms” has the meaning set forth in the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
“Domestic Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms and any 
successor currency thereto (or if no such currency is specified, the lawful currency and any successor 
currency of (a) the Reference Entity, if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in 
which the Reference Entity is organised, if the Reference Entity is not a Sovereign). 
“Domestic Law” means each of the laws of (a) the Reference Entity, if such Reference Entity is a 
Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in which the Reference Entity is organised, if such Reference Entity 
is not a Sovereign. 
“Downstream Affiliate” means an entity whose outstanding Voting Shares were, at the date of 
issuance of the Qualifying Guarantee, more than fifty per cent. owned, directly or indirectly, by the 
Reference Entity.  As used herein, “Voting Shares” means those shares or other interests that have 
the power to elect the board of directors or similar governing body of an entity. 
“Due and Payable Amount” means the amount that is due and payable by the Reference Entity under 
the obligation whether by reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise (excluding sums 
in respect of default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups and other similar amounts) less all or any 
portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the obligation (a) is subject to any Prohibited 
Action, or (b) may otherwise be reduced as a result of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-
occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than by way of (i) payment or (ii) a Permitted 
Contingency), in each case, determined in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect on 
either (A) the relevant VSN Effective Date (or if the terms of the obligation are amended after such 
date but on or prior to the first Valuation Date, the first Valuation Date), or (B) the relevant Valuation 
Date, as applicable. 
“Eligible Information” means information which is publicly available or which can be made public 
without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality 
of such information. 
“Eligible Transferee” means:

--- Page 287 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-64 
 
 
(i) 
any: 
(1) 
bank or other financial institution; 
(2) 
insurance or reinsurance company; 
(3) 
mutual fund, unit trust or similar collective investment vehicle (other than an 
entity described in sub-paragraph (iii)(2) below); and 
(4) 
registered or licensed broker or dealer (other than a natural person or 
proprietorship), 
provided, however, in each case that such entity has total assets of at least US$500 million; 
(ii) 
an Affiliate of an entity specified in sub-paragraph (i) above; 
(iii) 
each of a corporation, partnership, proprietorship, organisation, trust or other entity: 
(1) 
that is an investment vehicle (including, without limitation, any hedge fund, 
issuer of collateralised debt obligations, commercial paper conduit or other 
special purpose vehicle) that (A) has total assets of at least US$100 million 
or (B) is one of a group of investment vehicles under common control or 
management having, in aggregate, total assets of at least US$100 million; or 
(2) 
that has total assets of at least US$500 million; or 
(3) 
the obligations of which under an agreement, contract or transaction are 
guaranteed or otherwise supported by a letter of credit or keepwell, support, 
or other agreement by an entity described in sub-paragraphs (i), (ii), (iii)(1) 
or (iv); or 
(iv) 
any Sovereign; or 
(v) 
any entity or organization established by treaty or other arrangement between two or more 
Sovereigns including, without limiting the foregoing, the International Monetary Fund, 
European Central Bank, International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and 
European Bank for Reconstruction and Development. 
All references in this definition to US$ include equivalent amounts in other currencies in each case as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Excluded Deliverable Obligation” means: 
(i) 
any obligation of a Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the relevant 
Issue Terms; 
(ii) 
any principal only component of a Bond from which some or all of the interest components 
have been stripped; and 
(iii) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any obligation issued or incurred on or after the date 
of the relevant Asset Package Credit Event. 
“Excluded Obligation” means:

--- Page 288 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-65 
 
 
(i) 
any obligation of a Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the relevant 
Issue Terms; 
(ii) 
if “Financial Reference Entity Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms 
and (i) the relevant Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a 
Senior Obligation, or (ii) there is no Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, then 
for purposes of determining whether a Governmental Intervention or Restructuring has 
occurred, any Subordinated Obligation; and 
(iii) 
if “Financial Reference Entity Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms 
and the relevant Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a 
Subordinated Obligation, then for purposes of determining whether a Governmental 
Intervention or Restructuring has occurred, any Further Subordinated Obligation. 
“Exercise Cut-off Date” means either: 
(i) 
with respect to an M(M)R Restructuring and any Note to which paragraph (i) of the definition 
of “Credit Event Determination Date” above applies: 
(1) 
if the DC Secretary publishes a Final List applicable to the Transaction 
Auction Settlement Terms and/or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, the date 
that is five Relevant City Business Days following the date on which such 
Final List is published; or 
(2) 
otherwise, the date that is 14 calendar days following the relevant No Auction 
Announcement Date; or 
(ii) 
with respect to a Credit Event where paragraph (i) of the definition of “Credit Event 
Determination Date” does not apply, the relevant Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date, 
or, in each case, such other date as the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
Resolves. 
“Extension Date” means the latest of: 
(i) 
the Scheduled Termination Notice Date; 
(ii) 
the Grace Period Extension Date if (i) “Failure to Pay” and “Grace Period Extension” are 
specified as applying in the relevant Issue Terms, and (ii) the Potential Failure to Pay with 
respect to the relevant Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Termination Notice 
Date; and 
(iii) 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date (if any) if “Repudiation/Moratorium” is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, as applicable. 
“Failure to Pay” means after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the satisfaction of 
any conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), the failure by the Reference 
Entity to make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the 
Payment Requirement under one or more Obligations in accordance with the terms of such Obligations 
at the time of such failure provided that, if an occurrence that would constitute a Failure to Pay (a) is 
a result of a redenomination that occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority which 
is of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (b) a freely available 
market rate of conversion existed at the time of the redenomination, then such occurrence will be 
deemed not to constitute a Failure to Pay unless the redenomination itself constituted a reduction in

--- Page 289 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-66 
 
 
the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium payable (as determined by reference to such freely 
available market rate of conversion) at the time of such redenomination. 
“Final List” has the meaning given in the DC Rules. 
“Final Price” means either: 
(i) 
if a Fixed Recovery Percentage is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, such Fixed Recovery 
Percentage; or 
(ii) 
if a Fixed Recovery Percentage is not specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the price of the 
relevant Valuation Obligation, or, if there is more than one Valuation Obligation, the weighted 
average price of the Valuation Obligations, in each case, expressed as a percentage of its 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, which shall be the 
lesser of (i) 100 per cent. and (ii) the price determined in accordance with the Valuation 
Method specified in the relevant Issue Terms and on the basis that (x) any weighted average 
price is determined by reference to the Outstanding Principal Balance(s) or Due and Payable 
Amount(s) of each Valuation Obligation in the Valuation Reference Holding and (y) the 
Calculation Agent will seek to obtain quotations for each such Valuation Obligation.  The 
Calculation Agent shall as soon as practicable after obtaining all Quotations for a Valuation 
Date, make available for inspection by Noteholders at the specified office of the Principal 
Paying Agent (i) each such Quotation that it receives in connection with the calculation of the 
Final Price and (ii) a written computation showing its calculation of the Final Price. 
“First-to-Default Credit Linked Notes” means Credit Linked Notes indicated as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms where the Issuer purchases credit protection from the Noteholders in respect of two or 
more Reference Entities, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Fixed Cap” means, with respect to a Guarantee, a specified numerical limit or cap on the liability of 
the Reference Entity in respect of some or all payments due under the Underlying Obligation, provided 
that a Fixed Cap shall exclude a limit or cap determined by reference to a formula with one or more 
variable inputs (and for these purposes, the outstanding principal or other amounts payable pursuant 
to the Underlying Obligation shall not be considered to be variable inputs). 
“Full Quotation” means, in accordance with the Quotation Method each firm quotation obtained from 
a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably practicable, for an amount of the 
Reference Obligation with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount equal to the 
Quotation Amount. 
“Fully Transferable Obligation” means a Deliverable Obligation or Valuation Obligation (as 
applicable) that is either Transferable, in the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated 
to all Eligible Transferees without the consent of any person being required in the case of any 
Deliverable Obligation or Valuation Obligation other than Bonds, in each case, as of each such date 
as the Calculation Agent determines relevant for purposes of the Hedging Arrangements.  Any 
requirement that notification of novation, assignment or transfer of a Deliverable Obligation or 
Valuation Obligation be provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent or 
paying agent for a Deliverable Obligation or Valuation Obligation (as applicable) shall not be 
considered to be a requirement for consent for purposes of this definition of “Fully Transferable 
Obligation”. 
“Further Subordinated Obligation” means, in respect of a Reference Entity, if the relevant 
Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation, any 
obligation which is Subordinated thereto.

--- Page 290 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-67 
 
 
“Governmental Authority” means: 
(i) 
any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry or department 
thereof); 
(ii) 
any court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental, inter-governmental or supranational 
body; 
(iii) 
any authority or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a resolution authority 
or charged with the regulation or supervision of the financial markets (including a central 
bank) of the Reference Entity or some or all of its obligations; or 
(iv) 
any other authority which is analogous to any of the entities specified in paragraphs (i) to (iii) 
above. 
“Governmental Intervention” means that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to 
an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following events 
occurs as a result of action taken or an announcement made by a Governmental Authority pursuant to, 
or by means of, a restructuring and resolution law or regulation (or any other similar law or regulation), 
in each case, applicable to the Reference Entity in a form which is binding, irrespective of whether 
such event is expressly provided for under the terms of such Obligation: 
(i) 
any event which would affect creditors’ rights so as to cause: 
(1) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of 
scheduled interest accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(2) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption 
(including by way of redenomination); 
(3) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (I) the payment 
or accrual of interest, or (II) the payment of principal or premium; or 
(4) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation; 
(ii) 
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial holder of 
the Obligation; 
(iii) 
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or 
(iv) 
any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (i) to 
(iii). 
For purposes of this definition of Governmental Intervention, the term “Obligation” shall be deemed 
to include Underlying Obligations for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee. 
“Grace Period” means: 
(i) 
subject to paragraphs (ii) and (iii) below, the applicable grace period with respect to payments 
under and in accordance with the terms of the relevant Obligation in effect as of the date as of 
which such Obligation is issued or incurred; 
(ii) 
if “Grace Period Extension” is specified as applying in the relevant Issue Terms, a Potential 
Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Termination Notice Date and the

--- Page 291 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-68 
 
 
applicable grace period cannot, by its terms, expire on or prior to the Scheduled Termination 
Notice Date, the Grace Period will be deemed to be the lesser of such grace period and the 
period specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if no period is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, thirty (30) calendar days; and 
(iii) 
if, as of the date as of which an Obligation is issued or incurred, no grace period with respect 
to payments or a grace period with respect to payments of less than three Grace Period 
Business Days is applicable under the terms of such Obligation, a Grace Period of three Grace 
Period Business Days shall be deemed to apply to such Obligation; provided that, unless Grace 
Period Extension is specified as applying in the relevant Issue Terms, such deemed Grace 
Period shall expire no later than the Scheduled Termination Notice Date. 
“Grace Period Business Day” means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets are generally open to settle payments in the place or places and on the days specified for that 
purpose in the relevant Obligation and if a place or places are not so specified (i) if the Obligation 
Currency is the euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open, or (ii) otherwise, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the principal 
financial city in the jurisdiction of the Obligation Currency. 
“Grace Period Extension Date” means, if: 
(i) 
“Grace Period Extension” is specified as applying in the relevant Issue Terms; and 
(ii) 
a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Termination Notice Date, 
the date falling the number of days in the Grace Period after the date of such Potential Failure to Pay.  
If “Grace Period Extension” is not specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, Grace Period 
Extension shall not apply. 
“Guarantee” means a Relevant Guarantee or a guarantee which is the Reference Obligation. 
“Hedging Arrangements” means any underlying or related transaction(s), asset(s) or trading 
position(s) or arrangements the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates or agents may enter into or hold from 
time to time (including, if applicable, on a portfolio basis) to hedge directly or indirectly and whether 
in whole or in part the credit or other price risk or funding of the Issuer issuing and performing its 
obligations with respect to the Credit Linked Notes. 
“Hedge Disruption Event” means in the opinion of the Calculation Agent any event as a result of 
which the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates cannot obtain the relevant Valuation Obligations under 
the terms of the Issuer’s Hedging Arrangements (if any) and/or maintain, adjust, enter into or exercise 
rights under its Hedging Arrangements and/or meet its obligations as these fall due solely with 
amounts which it is entitled to receive under the Hedging Arrangements on the relevant due date(s) 
therefor. 
“ISDA” means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
“Largest Asset Package” means, in respect of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable 
Bond, as the case may be, the package of Assets for which the greatest amount of principal has been 
or will be exchanged or converted (including by way of amendment), as determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to Eligible Information. If this cannot be determined, the Largest Asset Package 
will be the package of Assets with the highest immediately realizable value, determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the methodology, if any, determined by the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee.

--- Page 292 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-69 
 
 
“Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan” has the meaning given to that term in the definition 
of “Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date”. 
“Limitation Date” means the first of 20 March, 20 June, 20 September or 20 December in any year 
to occur on or immediately following the date that is one of the following numbers of years after the 
Restructuring Date: 2.5 years (the “2.5-year Limitation Date”), 5 years, 7.5 years, 10 years (the “10-
year Limitation Date”), 12.5 years, 15 years, or 20 years, as applicable.  Limitation Dates shall not 
be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day Convention. 
“M(M)R Restructuring” means a Restructuring Credit Event in respect of which either “Mod R” or 
“Mod Mod R” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Market Value” means, with respect to the Reference Obligation or Valuation Obligation (as 
applicable) on a Valuation Date: 
(i) 
if more than three Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations, 
disregarding the Full Quotations having the highest and lowest values (and, if more than one 
such Full Quotations have the same highest value or lowest value, then one of such highest or 
lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); 
(ii) 
if exactly three Full Quotations are obtained, the Full Quotation remaining after disregarding 
the highest and lowest Full Quotations (and, if more than one such Full Quotations have the 
same highest value or lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall 
be disregarded); 
(iii) 
if exactly two Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations; 
(iv) 
if fewer than two Full Quotations and a Weighted Average Quotation is obtained, such 
Weighted Average Quotation; 
(v) 
if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained and no Weighted Average Quotation is 
obtained, subject as provided in the definition of Quotation, an amount the Calculation Agent 
shall determine on the next Business Day on which two or more Full Quotations or a Weighted 
Average Quotation is obtained; and 
(vi) 
if two or more Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation are not obtained on or prior 
to the tenth Business Day following the applicable Valuation Date the Market Value shall be 
any Full Quotation obtained from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth 
Business Day, or if no Full Quotation is obtained, the weighted average of any firm quotations 
for the Reference Obligation or Valuation Obligation (as applicable) obtained from Quotation 
Dealers at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day with respect to the aggregate 
portion of the Quotation Amount for which such quotations were obtained and a quotation 
deemed to be zero for the balance of the Quotation Amount for which firm quotations were 
not obtained on such day. 
“Merger Event” means that at any time during the period from (and including) the Trade Date to (but 
excluding) the Scheduled Termination Notice Date either (A) the Issuer or a Reference Entity (any 
such entity, the “Mergor”) consolidates or amalgamates with, or merges into, or transfers all or 
substantially all of its assets to (i) where the Mergor is the Issuer, a Reference Entity or (ii) where the 
Mergor is a Reference Entity, the Issuer, or (B) (i) either of the Issuer and (ii) a Reference Entity 
become Affiliates.

--- Page 293 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-70 
 
 
“Minimum Quotation Amount” means the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms (or 
its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency) or, if no amount is so specified, the lower of (i) 
USD1,000,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency) and (ii) the Quotation Amount. 
“Modified Eligible Transferee” means any bank, financial institution or other entity which is 
regularly engaged in or established for the purpose of making, purchasing or investing in loans, 
securities and other financial assets. 
“Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date” means, with respect to a Deliverable 
Obligation or Valuation Obligation (as applicable), the Limitation Date occurring on or immediately 
following the Scheduled Termination Notice Date. 
Subject to the foregoing, if the Scheduled Termination Notice Date is later than the 10-year Limitation 
Date, the Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the Scheduled Termination Notice 
Date. 
“Movement Option” means, with respect to an M(M)R Restructuring for which a No Auction 
Announcement Date has occurred pursuant to paragraph (ii) or (iii)(2) of the definition of “No Auction 
Announcement Date”, the option of the Issuer to apply to the Credit Linked Notes, for purposes of 
settlement, the Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, if any, for purposes of which the Permissible 
Deliverable Obligations are more limited than the Deliverable Obligations that could apply in respect 
of the Reference Transaction (provided that if more than one such set of Parallel Auction Settlement 
Terms are published, the Parallel Auction Settlement Terms specifying the greatest number of such 
Permissible Deliverable Obligations shall apply).  If no Notice to Exercise Movement Option is 
delivered by the Issuer on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date, the Credit Linked Notes will 
be settled in accordance with the Fallback Settlement Method.  If a Notice to Exercise Movement 
Option is delivered by the Issuer on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date, such event will be 
notified to Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
“Movement Option Cut-off Date” means the date that is one Relevant City Business Day following 
the Exercise Cut-off Date, or such other date as the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved. 
“Next Currency Fixing Time” means 4:00 p.m. (London time) on such London Business Day as the 
Calculation Agent shall select falling no more than five (5) London Business Days immediately 
preceding the date on which the Notice of Valuation Settlement or relevant Valuation Settlement 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, is effective.  For the purposes of determining the Next Currency 
Fixing Time, “London Business Day” means a day on which banks and foreign exchange markets 
are generally open to settle payments in London. 
“No Auction Announcement Date” means, with respect to a Credit Event, the date on which the DC 
Secretary first publicly announces that: 
(i) 
no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and, if applicable, no Parallel Auction Settlement 
Terms will be published; 
(ii) 
following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring no Transaction Auction Settlement 
Terms will be published, but Parallel Auction Settlement Terms will be published; or 
(iii) 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that no Auction will 
be held following a prior public announcement by the DC Secretary to the contrary, in 
circumstances where either: 
(1) 
no Parallel Auction will be held; or

--- Page 294 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-71 
 
 
(2) 
one or more Parallel Auctions will be held. 
“Non-Conforming Reference Obligation” means a Reference Obligation which is not a Conforming 
Reference Obligation. 
“Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation” means an obligation which would be a 
Deliverable Obligation or Valuation Obligation (as applicable) determined in accordance with 
paragraph (i) of the definition of “Deliverable Obligation” above on the Substitution Date but for one 
or more of the same reasons which resulted in the Reference Obligation constituting a Non-
Conforming Reference Obligation on the date it was issued or incurred and/or immediately prior to 
the Substitution Event Date (as applicable). 
“Non-Standard Credit Event Determination Date” means with respect to a Credit Event: 
(i) 
subject to paragraph (ii) of this definition, the Notice Delivery Date, if the Notice Delivery 
Date occurs during either the Notice Delivery Period or the Post Dismissal Additional Period, 
provided that neither (a) a DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred nor (b) a DC No 
Credit Event Announcement has occurred, in each case, with respect to the Credit Event 
specified in the Credit Event Notice; or 
(ii) 
notwithstanding paragraph (i) of this definition, if a DC Credit Event Announcement has 
occurred and the Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred on or prior to the last 
day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date) either: 
(1) 
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, if either: 
(A) 
(I) 
“Auction Settlement” is not the applicable Settlement 
Method; 
(II) 
the relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(III) 
the Trade Date occurs on or prior to the date of the DC Credit 
Event Announcement; or 
(B) 
(I) 
the relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(II) 
a Credit Event Notice is delivered and is effective on or prior 
to the Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date, or 
(2) 
the first date on which a Credit Event Notice is delivered and is effective 
during either the Notice Delivery Period or the period from and including the 
date of the DC Credit Event Announcement to and including the date that is 
fourteen calendar days thereafter (provided, in each case, that the relevant 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurred on or prior to the end of the 
last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date)), if 
either: 
(A) 
(I) 
“Auction Settlement” is not the applicable Settlement 
Method; 
(II) 
the relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(III) 
the Trade Date occurs following the date of the related DC 
Credit Event Announcement and on or prior to a DC 
Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date; or

--- Page 295 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-72 
 
 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent determines this is otherwise consistent with the 
Issuer’s Hedging Arrangements, 
provided that no Credit Event Notice specifying an M(M)R Restructuring as the only Credit 
Event has previously been delivered unless the M(M)R Restructuring specified in such Credit 
Event Notice is also the subject of the DC Credit Event Question resulting in the occurrence 
of the Credit Event Resolution Request Date or the Calculation Agent determines this is 
otherwise consistent with the Issuer’s Hedging Arrangements. 
“Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date” means, with respect to a Credit Event to which paragraph (i) 
of the definition of “Credit Event Determination Date” does not apply: 
(i) 
if such Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring, either: 
(1) 
the Relevant City Business Day prior to the Auction Final Price 
Determination Date, if any; 
(2) 
the Relevant City Business Day prior to the Auction Cancellation Date, if 
any; or 
(3) 
the date that is fourteen (14) calendar days following the No Auction 
Announcement Date, if any, as applicable; or 
(ii) 
if such Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring and: 
(1) 
the DC Secretary publishes a Final List applicable to the Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms and/or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, the date that is 
five Relevant City Business Days following the date on which such Final List 
is published; or 
(2) 
otherwise, the date that is fourteen (14) calendar days following the relevant 
No Auction Announcement Date. 
“Non-Standard Reference Obligation” means, in respect of the Reference Entity, the Original Non-
Standard Reference Obligation or if a Substitute Reference Obligation has been determined, the 
Substitute Reference Obligation. 
“Notice Delivery Date” means the first date on which both an effective Credit Event Notice and, 
unless “Notice of Publicly Available Information” is specified as not applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, an effective Notice of Publicly Available Information, have been delivered by the Calculation 
Agent. 
“Notice Delivery Period” means the period from and including the Trade Date to and including the 
date that is fourteen (14) calendar days after the Extension Date. 
“Notice of Publicly Available Information” means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer 
(which the Calculation Agent has the right but not the obligation to deliver) that cites Publicly 
Available Information confirming the occurrence of the Credit Event or Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium, 
as 
applicable, 
described 
in 
the 
Credit 
Event 
Notice 
or 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice.  The notice given must contain a copy or description in 
reasonable detail, of the relevant Publicly Available Information.  If “Notice of Publicly Available 
Information” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and a Credit Event Notice or 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice, as applicable, contains Publicly Available Information, 
such Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice will also be deemed to be a

--- Page 296 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-73 
 
 
Notice of Publicly Available Information.  A Notice of Publicly Available Information shall be subject 
to the requirements regarding notices in Reference Item Condition 2.14 (Calculation Agent Notices). 
“Notice of Valuation Settlement” has the meaning given to that term in Reference Item Condition 
2.3 (Cash Settlement). 
“Notice to Exercise Movement Option” means, with respect to Notes for which (a) M(M)R 
Restructuring is applicable and (b) the Fallback Settlement Method would otherwise be applicable 
pursuant to the Auction Settlement provisions, a notice from the Issuer to the Calculation Agent that 
(i) specifies the Parallel Auction Settlement Terms applicable in accordance with the definition of 
Movement Option and (ii) is effective on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date. 
“Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes” means Credit Linked Notes indicated as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms where the Issuer purchases credit protection from the Noteholders in respect of two or 
more Reference Entities, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Obligation” means: 
(i) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) 
determined pursuant to the method described in “Method for Determining Obligations” below; 
and 
(ii) 
the Reference Obligation, 
in each case unless it is an Excluded Obligation. 
“Method for Determining Obligations”.  For the purposes of paragraph (i) of this definition of 
“Obligation”, the term “Obligation” may be defined as the obligation of each Reference Entity 
described by the Obligation Category specified in the relevant Issue Terms, and having each of the 
Obligation Characteristics (if any) specified in the relevant Issue Terms, in each case, immediately 
prior to the Credit Event which is the subject of either the Credit Event Notice or the DC Credit Event 
Question resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, as applicable. The 
following terms shall have the following meanings: 
(A) 
“Obligation Category” means Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference Obligations Only, 
Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan, only one of which shall be specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
where: 
(1) 
“Payment” means any obligation (whether present or future, contingent or otherwise) 
for the payment or repayment of money, including, without limitation, Borrowed 
Money; 
(2) 
“Borrowed Money” means any obligation (excluding an obligation under a revolving 
credit arrangement for which there are no outstanding unpaid drawings in respect of 
principal) for the payment or repayment of borrowed money (which term shall 
include, without limitation, deposits and reimbursement obligations arising from 
drawings pursuant to letters of credit); 
(3) 
“Reference Obligation Only” means any obligation that is a Reference Obligation 
and no Obligation Characteristics shall be applicable to Reference Obligation Only; 
(4) 
“Bond” means any obligation of a type included in the “Borrowed Money” Obligation 
Category that is in the form of, or represented by, a bond, note (other than notes

--- Page 297 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-74 
 
 
delivered pursuant to Loans), certificated debt security or other debt security and shall 
not include any other type of Borrowed Money; 
(5) 
“Loan” means any obligation of a type included in the “Borrowed Money” Obligation 
Category that is documented by a term loan agreement, revolving loan agreement or 
other similar credit agreement and shall not include any other type of Borrowed 
Money; and 
(6) 
“Bond or Loan” means any obligation that is either a Bond or a Loan. 
(B) 
“Obligation Characteristics” means any one or more of Not Subordinated, Credit Linked 
Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, 
Listed and Not Domestic Issuance specified in the relevant Issue Terms, where: 
(1) 
“Not Subordinated” means an obligation that is not Subordinated to (a) the 
Reference Obligation or, (b) the Prior Reference Obligation, if applicable; 
(2) 
“Subordination” means, with respect to an obligation (the “Second Obligation”) 
and another obligation of the Reference Entity to which such obligation is being 
compared (the “First Obligation”), a contractual, trust or other similar arrangement 
providing that (I) upon the liquidation, dissolution, reorganisation or winding-up of 
the Reference Entity, claims of the holders of the First Obligation are required to be 
satisfied prior to the claims of the holders of the Second Obligation or (II) the holders 
of the Second Obligation will not be entitled to receive or retain principal payments 
in respect of their claims against the Reference Entity at any time that the Reference 
Entity is in payment arrears or is otherwise in default under the First Obligation.  
“Subordinated” will be construed accordingly.  For purposes of determining whether 
Subordination exists or whether an obligation is Subordinated with respect to another 
obligation to which it is being compared, (x) the existence of preferred creditors 
arising by operation of law or of collateral, credit support or other credit enhancement 
or security arrangements shall not be taken into account, except that, notwithstanding 
the foregoing, priorities arising by operation of law shall be taken into account where 
the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and (y) in the case of the Reference Obligation or 
the Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, the ranking in priority of payment shall 
be determined as of the date as of which it was issued or incurred (or in circumstances 
where the Reference Obligation or a Prior Reference Obligation is the Standard 
Reference Obligation and “Standard Reference Obligation” is applicable, then the 
priority of payment of the Reference Obligation or the Prior Reference Obligation, as 
applicable, shall be determined as of the date of selection) and, in each case, shall not 
reflect any change to such ranking in priority of payment after such date; and 
(3) 
“Prior Reference Obligation” means, in circumstances where there is no Reference 
Obligation applicable to the relevant Notes, (I) the Reference Obligation most 
recently applicable thereto, if any, and otherwise, (II) the obligation specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms as the Reference Obligation, if any, if such Reference Obligation 
was redeemed on or prior to the Trade Date and otherwise, (III) any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity; 
(4) 
“Credit Linked Specified Currency” means an obligation that is payable in the 
currency or currencies specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms (or, if Credit 
Linked Specified Currency is specified in the relevant Issue Terms and no currency 
is so specified, any Standard Specified Currency) provided that if the euro is a Credit 
Linked Specified Currency, “Credit Linked Specified Currency” shall also include an 
obligation that was previously payable in the euro, regardless of any redenomination

--- Page 298 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-75 
 
 
thereafter if such redenomination occurred as a result of action taken by a 
Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European Union which is of 
general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority; 
(5) 
“Not Sovereign Lender” means any obligation that is not primarily owed to (a) a 
Sovereign or (b) any entity or organization established by treaty or other arrangement 
between two or more Sovereigns including, without limiting the foregoing, the 
International Monetary Fund, European Central Bank, International Bank for 
Reconstruction and Development and European Bank for Reconstruction and 
Development, which shall include, without limitation, obligations generally referred 
to as “Paris Club debt”; 
(6) 
“Not Domestic Currency” means any obligation that is payable in any currency other 
than applicable Domestic Currency provided that a Standard Specified Currency shall 
not constitute the Domestic Currency; 
(7) 
“Not Domestic Law” means any obligation that is not governed by applicable 
Domestic Law, provided that the laws of England and the laws of the State of New 
York shall not constitute a Domestic Law; 
(8) 
“Listed” means an obligation that is quoted, listed or ordinarily purchased and sold 
on an exchange; and 
(9) 
“Not Domestic Issuance” means any obligation other than an obligation that was 
issued (or reissued, as the case may be) or intended to be offered for sale primarily in 
the domestic market of the Reference Entity.  Any obligation that is registered or, as 
a result of some other action having been taken for such purpose, is qualified for sale 
outside the domestic market of the Reference Entity (regardless of whether such 
obligation is also registered or qualified for sale within the domestic market of the 
Reference Entity) shall be deemed not to be issued (or reissued, as the case may be), 
or intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic market of the Reference 
Entity. 
“Obligation Acceleration” means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than 
the Default Requirement have become due and payable before they would otherwise have been due 
and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event or default or other 
similar condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make any required payment, in 
respect of the Reference Entity under one or more Obligations. 
“Obligation Currency” means the currency or currencies in which the Obligation is denominated. 
“Obligation Default” means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the 
Default Requirement have become capable of being declared due and payable before they would 
otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, 
event of default, or other similar condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make 
any required payment, in respect of the Reference Entity under one or more Obligations. 
“Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation” means the obligation of the Reference Entity (either 
directly or as provider of a guarantee) which is specified as the Reference Obligation in respect of 
such Reference Entity in the relevant Issue Terms (if any is so specified) provided that if an obligation 
is not an obligation of the Reference Entity, such obligation will not constitute a valid Original Non-
Standard Reference Obligation for purposes of the relevant Notes (other than for the purposes of 
determining the Seniority Level and for the “Not Subordinated” Obligation Characteristic or “Not

--- Page 299 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-76 
 
 
Subordinated” Deliverable Obligation Characteristic) unless the relevant Notes are Reference 
Obligation Only Notes. 
“Outstanding Amount” means, in respect of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable 
Bond specified as a Valuation Obligation, the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable 
Amount, as applicable, or the equivalent amount in the Settlement Currency as specified in the relevant 
Notice of Valuation Settlement. 
“Outstanding Principal Balance” means the outstanding principal balance of an obligation which 
will be calculated as follows: 
(i) 
first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the Reference Entity’s 
principal payment obligations and, where applicable in accordance with the definition of 
Accrued Interest above, the Reference Entity’s accrued but unpaid interest payment 
obligations (which, in the case of a Guarantee will be the lower of (a) the Outstanding 
Principal Balance (including accrued but unpaid interest, where applicable) of the Underlying 
Obligation (determined as if references to the Reference Entity were references to the 
Underlying Obligor) and (b) the amount of the Fixed Cap, if any); 
(ii) 
second, by subtracting all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the 
obligation, (a) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (b) may otherwise be reduced as a result 
of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other 
than by way of (A) payment or (B) a Permitted Contingency) (the amount determined in 
accordance with paragraph (i) above less any amounts subtracted in accordance with this 
paragraph (ii), the “Non-Contingent Amount”); and 
(iii) 
third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, which shall then constitute the Outstanding 
Principal Balance, 
in each case, determined: 
(1) 
unless otherwise specified, in accordance with the terms of the obligation in 
effect on either (A) the relevant VSN Effective Date (or if the terms of the 
obligation are amended after such date but on or prior to the first Valuation 
Date, the first Valuation Date), or (B) the relevant Valuation Date; and 
(2) 
with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any 
applicable laws (insofar as such laws reduce or discount the size of the claim 
to reflect the original issue price or accrued value of the obligation). 
“Overnight Rate” means, in respect of any day in an Additional Amount Period: 
(i) 
where the Specified Currency is euro, a reference rate equal to the daily euro short term 
(“€STR”) rate as provided by the European Central Bank, as the administrator of such rate (or 
any successor administrator of such rate) on the website of the European Central Bank at 
http://www.ecb.europa.eu/home/html/index.en.html or any successor website of the European 
Central Bank in respect of that day, if that day is a TARGET Settlement Day, or otherwise in 
respect of the immediately preceding TARGET Settlement Day; 
(ii) 
where the Specified Currency is USD, a reference rate equal to the rate set forth in H.15 (519) 
for that day opposite the caption “Federal Funds (effective)”, as such rate is displayed on 
Reuters Screen FEDFUNDS1 (or such other source, including any successor to such page or 
service, as the Calculation Agent shall determine to be appropriate) in respect of that day if

--- Page 300 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-77 
 
 
that day is a Business Day or in respect of the Business Day immediately preceding that day 
if that day is not a Business Day; or 
(iii) 
where the Specified Currency is a currency other than USD or EUR, the Overnight Rate 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
As used herein, “H.15 (519)” means the weekly statistical release designated as such, or any successor 
publication published by the Federal Reserve System Board of Governors, available through the 
worldwide website of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System at 
https://www.federalreserve.gov/releases/h15/, or any successor site or publication. 
“Package Observable Bond” means, in respect of a Reference Entity which is a Sovereign, any 
obligation (a) which is identified as such and published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org from 
time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party designated by ISDA on its website 
from time to time and (b) which fell within paragraphs (i) or (ii) of the definition of Deliverable 
Obligation (above), in each case, immediately preceding the date on which the relevant Asset Package 
Credit Event was legally effective. 
“Parallel Auction” means “Auction” as such term shall be defined in the relevant Parallel Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
“Parallel Auction Cancellation Date” means “Auction Cancellation Date” as such term shall be 
defined in the relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
“Parallel Auction Settlement Terms” means, following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring, 
any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA with respect to such M(M)R 
Restructuring, and for which (i) the Deliverable Obligation Terms are the same as the Reference 
Transaction and (ii) the Reference Transaction would not be an Auction Covered Transaction provided 
that if no such Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms are published, the Calculation Agent may 
select in its sole discretion the applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
“Parallel Notice of Physical Settlement Date” means “Notice of Physical Settlement Date” as 
defined in the relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
“Payment Requirement” means the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency or, if no such amount is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, USD1,000,000, or its equivalent as calculated by the Calculation Agent in the relevant 
Obligation Currency, in either case, as of the occurrence of the relevant Failure to Pay or Potential 
Failure to Pay, as applicable. 
“Permissible Deliverable Obligations” has the meaning set forth in the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms, being either all or the portion of the Deliverable Obligations included in 
the Final List pursuant to the Deliverable Obligation Terms applicable to the relevant Auction. 
“Permitted Contingency” means, with respect to an obligation, any reduction to the Reference 
Entity’s payment obligations: 
(i) 
as a result of the application of: 
(1) 
any provisions allowing a transfer, pursuant to which another party may 
assume all of the payment obligations of the Reference Entity; 
(2) 
provisions implementing the Subordination of the obligation;

--- Page 301 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-78 
 
 
(3) 
provisions allowing for a Permitted Transfer in the case of a Qualifying 
Guarantee (or provisions allowing for the release of the Reference Entity from 
its payment obligations in the case of any other Guarantee); 
(4) 
if “Subordinated European Insurance Terms” are specified as applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms, any Solvency Capital Provisions; or 
(5) 
if “Financial Reference Entity Terms” are specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, provisions which permit the Reference Entity’s 
obligations to be altered, discharged, released or suspended in circumstances 
which would constitute a Governmental Intervention; or 
(ii) 
which is within the control of the holders of the obligation or a third party acting on their 
behalf (such as an agent or trustee) in exercising their rights under or in respect of such 
obligation. 
“Permitted Transfer” means, with respect to a Qualifying Guarantee, a transfer to and the assumption 
by any single transferee of such Qualifying Guarantee (including by way of cancellation and execution 
of a new guarantee) on the same or substantially the same terms, in circumstances where there is also 
a transfer of all (or substantially all) of the assets of the Reference Entity to the same single transferee. 
“Portfolio Credit Linked Notes” means Credit Linked Notes indicated as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms where the Issuer purchases credit protection from the Noteholders in respect of two or more 
Reference Entities, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms.  Portfolio Credit-Linked Notes may be 
Tranched Portfolio Credit-Linked Notes or Non-Tranched Portfolio Credit-Linked Notes as specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Post Dismissal Additional Period” means the period from and including the date of the DC Credit 
Event Question Dismissal to and including the date that is fourteen calendar days thereafter (provided 
that the relevant Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurred on or prior to the end of the last day 
of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date)). 
“Potential Credit Event” means a Potential Failure to Pay (if Failure to Pay is an applicable Credit 
Event in respect of the Reference Entity), a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium (if 
Repudiation/Moratorium is an applicable Credit Event in respect of the Reference Entity) or if a Credit 
Event Resolution Request Date has occurred and the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has not made its determination, such event will be deemed to be a Potential Credit Event. 
A Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and the Calculation Agent may each determine 
whether a Potential Failure to Pay or a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred. 
“Potential Failure to Pay” means the failure by the Reference Entity to make, when and where due, 
any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more 
Obligations, in accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure, without 
regard to any grace period or any conditions precedent to the commencement of any grace period 
applicable to such Obligations. 
“Potential Repudiation/Moratorium” means the occurrence of an event described in paragraph (i)(1) 
of the definition of “Repudiation/Moratorium”. 
“Prior Deliverable Obligation” means: 
(i) 
if a Governmental Intervention has occurred (whether or not such event is specified as the 
applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the DC Credit Event Announcement), 
any obligation of the Reference Entity which (i) existed immediately prior to such

--- Page 302 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-79 
 
 
Governmental Intervention, (ii) was the subject of such Governmental Intervention and (iii) 
fell within paragraphs (i) or (ii) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation above, in each case, 
immediately preceding the date on which such Governmental Intervention was legally 
effective; or 
(ii) 
if a Restructuring which does not constitute a Governmental Intervention has occurred in 
respect of the Reference Obligation (whether or not such event is specified as the applicable 
Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the DC Credit Event Announcement), such 
Reference Obligation, if any. 
“Private-side Loan” means a Loan in respect of which the documentation governing its terms is not 
publicly available or capable of being made public without violating a law, agreement, understanding 
or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
“Prohibited Action” means any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence based 
on the factors set forth in (i) to (iv) of the definition of Credit Event above) or right of set-off by or of 
the Reference Entity or any applicable Underlying Obligor. 
“Public Source” means each source of Publicly Available Information specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms (or if no such source is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, each of Bloomberg, Reuters, 
Dow Jones Newswires, The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Asahi 
Shimbun, Yomiuri Shimbun, Financial Times, La Tribune, Les Echos, The Australian Financial 
Review and Debtwire (and successor publications), the main source(s) of business news in the country 
in which the Reference Entity is organised and any other internationally recognised published or 
electronically displayed news sources). 
“Publicly Available Information” means information that reasonably confirms any of the facts 
relevant to the determination that the Credit Event or a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as 
applicable, described in a Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice have 
occurred and which: 
(i) 
has been published in or on not less than the Specified Number of Public Sources (regardless 
of whether the reader or user thereof pays a fee to obtain such information); 
(ii) 
is information received from or published by (a) the Reference Entity (or, if the Reference 
Entity is a Sovereign, any agency, instrumentality, ministry, department or other authority 
thereof acting in a governmental capacity (including, without limiting the foregoing, the 
central bank) of such Sovereign) or (b) a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing 
agent, paying agent, facility agent or agent bank for an Obligation; or 
(iii) 
is information contained in any order, decree, notice, petition or filing, however described, of 
or filed with a court, tribunal, exchange, regulatory authority or similar administrative, 
regulatory or judicial body; 
provided that where any information of the type described in paragraphs (ii) or (iii) above is not 
publicly available, it can only constitute Publicly Available Information if it can be made public 
without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality 
of such information. 
In relation to any information of the type described in paragraphs (ii) or (iii) above, the Calculation 
Agent may assume that such information has been disclosed to it without violating any law, agreement, 
understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information and that the entity 
disclosing such information has not taken any action or entered into any agreement or understanding

--- Page 303 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-80 
 
 
with the Reference Entity or any Affiliate of the Reference Entity that would be breached by, or would 
prevent, the disclosure of such information to the party receiving such information. 
Without limitation, Publicly Available Information need not state: 
(1) 
in relation to the definition of “Downstream Affiliate”, the percentage of Voting Shares owned 
by the Reference Entity; and 
(2) 
that the relevant occurrence: 
(A) 
has met the Payment Requirement or Default Requirement; 
(B) 
is the result of exceeding any applicable Grace Period; or 
(C) 
has met the subjective criteria specified in certain Credit Events. 
In relation to a Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event, Publicly Available Information must relate to 
the events described in paragraphs (i) and (ii) of the definition of “Repudiation/Moratorium” below. 
“Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee” means a Qualifying Guarantee provided by the Reference Entity 
in respect of an Underlying Obligation of a Downstream Affiliate of the Reference Entity. 
“Qualifying Guarantee” means a guarantee evidenced by a written instrument (which may include a 
statute or regulation), pursuant to which the Reference Entity irrevocably agrees, undertakes or is 
otherwise obliged to pay all amounts of principal and interest (except for amounts which are not 
covered due to the existence of a Fixed Cap) due under an Underlying Obligation for which the 
Underlying Obligor is the obligor, by guarantee of payment and not by guarantee of collection (or, in 
either case, any legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form under the relevant governing 
law). 
A Qualifying Guarantee shall not include any guarantee: 
(i) 
which is structured as a surety bond, financial guarantee insurance policy or letter of credit (or 
any legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form); or 
(ii) 
pursuant to the terms applicable thereto, the principal payment obligations of the Reference 
Entity can be discharged, released, reduced, assigned or otherwise altered as a result of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance, in each case, other than: 
(1) 
by payment; 
(2) 
by way of Permitted Transfer; 
(3) 
by operation of law; 
(4) 
due to the existence of a Fixed Cap; or 
(5) 
due to: 
(A) 
provisions permitting or anticipating a Governmental Intervention, if 
“Financial Reference Entity Terms” is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms; or

--- Page 304 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-81 
 
 
(B) 
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if “Subordinated European 
Insurance Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
If the guarantee or Underlying Obligation contains provisions relating to the discharge, 
release, reduction, assignment or other alteration of the principal payment obligations of the 
Reference Entity and such provisions have ceased to apply or are suspended at the time of the 
relevant determination, in accordance with the terms of such guarantee or Underlying 
Obligation, due to or following the occurrence of (I) a non-payment in respect of the guarantee 
or the Underlying Obligation, or (II) an event of the type described in the definition of 
Bankruptcy above in respect of the Reference Entity or the Underlying Obligor, then it shall 
be deemed for these purposes that such cessation or suspension is permanent, notwithstanding 
the terms of the guarantee or Underlying Obligation. 
In order for a guarantee to constitute a Qualifying Guarantee: 
I. 
the benefit of such guarantee must be capable of being Delivered 
together with the Delivery of the Underlying Obligation; and 
II. 
if a guarantee contains a Fixed Cap, all claims to any amounts which 
are subject to such Fixed Cap must be capable of being Delivered 
together with the Delivery of such guarantee. 
“Qualifying Participation Seller” means any participation seller that meets the requirements 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms.  If no such requirements are specified, there shall be no 
Qualifying Participation Seller. 
“Quantum of the Claim” means the lowest amount of the claim which could be validly asserted 
against the Reference Entity in respect of the Non-Contingent Amount if the obligation had become 
redeemable, been accelerated, terminated or had otherwise become due and payable at the time of the 
relevant determination, provided that the Quantum of the Claim cannot exceed the Non-Contingent 
Amount. 
“Quotation” means each Full Quotation and the Weighted Average Quotation obtained and expressed 
as a percentage with respect to a Valuation Date in the manner that follows: 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to each Valuation Date 
from five or more Quotation Dealers.  If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more such 
Full Quotations on the same Business Day within three Business Days of a Valuation Date, then on 
the next following Business Day (and, if necessary, on each Business Day thereafter until the tenth 
Business Day following the relevant Valuation Date) the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain 
Full Quotations from five or more Quotation Dealers and, if two or more Full Quotations are not 
available, a Weighted Average Quotation.  If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more 
Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation on the same Business Day on or prior to the tenth 
Business Day following the applicable Valuation Date the Quotations shall be deemed to be any Full 
Quotation obtained from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day, or if 
no Full Quotation is obtained, the weighted average of any firm quotations for the Reference 
Obligation or Valuation Obligation (as applicable) obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation 
Time on such tenth Business Day with respect to the aggregate portion of the Quotation Amount for 
which such quotations were obtained and a quotation deemed to be zero for the balance of the 
Quotation Amount for which firm quotations were not obtained on such day. 
“Quotation Amount” means the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms (which may be 
specified by reference to an amount in a currency or by reference to a Representative Amount) or, if

--- Page 305 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-82 
 
 
no amount is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Reference Entity Nominal Amount (or, in either 
case, its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency converted by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to exchange rates in effect at the time that the relevant Quotation is being obtained). 
“Quotation Dealer” means a dealer in obligations of the type of Obligation(s) for which Quotations 
are to be obtained including each Quotation Dealer specified in the relevant Issue Terms.  If no 
Quotation Dealers are specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Calculation Agent shall select the 
Quotation Dealers.  Upon a Quotation Dealer no longer being in existence (with no successors), or not 
being an active dealer in the obligations of the type for which Quotations are to be obtained, the 
Calculation Agent may substitute any other Quotation Dealer(s) for such Quotation Dealer(s). 
“Quotation Method” means the applicable Quotation Method specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
by reference to one of the following terms: 
(i) 
“Bid” means that only bid quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers; 
(ii) 
“Offer” means that only offer quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers; or 
(iii) 
“Mid-market” means that bid and offer quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers 
and shall be averaged for purposes of determining a relevant Quotation Dealer’s quotation. 
If a Quotation Method is not specified in the relevant Issue Terms, Bid shall apply. 
“Reference Entity” means the entity specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms.  Any Successor to 
the Reference Entity either (i) identified pursuant to the definition of “Successor” on or following the 
Trade Date or (ii) identified pursuant to a DC Resolution in respect of a Successor Resolution Request 
Date and publicly announced by the DC Secretary on or following the Trade Date shall, in each case, 
with effect from the Succession Date, be the Reference Entity for the purposes of the relevant Series. 
“Reference Entity Notional Amount”, in respect of a Reference Entity, means the amount specified 
as such in the relevant Issue Terms (or, if no such amount is so specified, the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Notes as of the Issue Date divided by the number of Reference Entities), subject to 
adjustment as provided in these Reference Item Conditions. 
“Reference Obligation” means the Standard Reference Obligation, if any, unless: 
(i) 
“Standard Reference Obligation” is specified as not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in 
which case the Reference Obligation will be the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, if any; 
or 
(ii) 
(a) “Standard Reference Obligation” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms (or 
no election is specified in the relevant Issue Terms), (b) there is no Standard Reference 
Obligation and (c) a Non-Standard Reference Obligation is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in which case the Reference Obligation will be (A) the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation to but excluding the first date of publication of the Standard Reference Obligation 
and (B) the Standard Reference Obligation from such date onwards, provided that the Standard 
Reference Obligation that is published would have been eligible to be selected as a Substitute 
Reference Obligation. 
If the Standard Reference Obligation is removed from the SRO List, such obligation shall cease to be 
the Reference Obligation (other than for purposes of the “Not Subordinated” Obligation Characteristic 
or “Not Subordinated” Deliverable Obligation Characteristic) and there shall be no Reference 
Obligation unless and until such obligation is subsequently replaced on the SRO List, in which case,

--- Page 306 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-83 
 
 
the new Standard Reference Obligation in respect of the Reference Entity shall constitute the 
Reference Obligation. 
“Reference Obligation Only Notes” means any Notes in respect of which (i) “Reference Obligation 
Only” is specified as the Obligation Category and the Deliverable Obligation Category in the relevant 
Issue Terms and (ii) “Standard Reference Obligation” is specified as not applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms. 
“Reference Transaction” means a hypothetical credit derivative transaction: 
(i) 
for which the Deliverable Obligation Terms and the Reference Obligation are (a) the same as 
in respect of the Credit Linked Notes (if such Deliverable Obligation Terms and Reference 
Obligation are specified in the relevant Issue Terms) or (b) if and to the extent the Deliverable 
Obligation Terms and/or the Reference Obligation are not specified, the Deliverable 
Obligation Terms and Reference Obligation determined by the Calculation Agent to be 
appropriate in respect of a credit derivative transaction linked to the relevant Reference Entity; 
(ii) 
with a scheduled termination date matching the Scheduled Termination Notice Date of the 
Credit Linked Notes; and 
(iii) 
otherwise having such other characteristics as the Calculation Agent may determine 
appropriate by reference to, without limitation, the Issuer’s hedging arrangements and/or any 
credit derivative elections made in relation to the Credit Linked Notes. 
“Relevant City Business Day” has the meaning given in the DC Rules. 
“Relevant Guarantee” means a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if “All Guarantees” is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, a Qualifying Guarantee. 
“Relevant Holder” means a holder of the latest Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable 
Bond, as the case may be, with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as 
applicable, immediately prior to the relevant Asset Package Credit Event, equal to the Outstanding 
Amount specified in respect of such Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond where 
specified as Valuation Obligations in the Notice of Valuation Settlement or Valuation Settlement 
Amendment Notice, as applicable. 
“Relevant Obligations” means the Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the 
Obligation Category “Bond or Loan” and which are outstanding immediately prior to the Succession 
Date (or, if there is a Steps Plan, immediately prior to the legally effective date of the first succession), 
provided that: 
(i) 
any Bonds or Loans outstanding between the Reference Entity and any of its Affiliates, or 
held by the Reference Entity, shall be excluded; 
(ii) 
if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall, for purposes of the determination required 
to be made under paragraph (i) of the definition of Successor below, make the appropriate 
adjustments required to take account of any Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall 
within the Obligation Category “Bond or Loan” that are issued, incurred, redeemed, 
repurchased or cancelled from and including the legally effective date of the first succession 
to and including the Succession Date; 
(iii) 
if “Financial Reference Entity Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms 
and (a) the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Senior 
Obligation, or (b) there is no Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, the Relevant

--- Page 307 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-84 
 
 
Obligations shall only include the Senior Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within 
the Obligation Category “Bond or Loan”; and 
(iv) 
if “Financial Reference Entity Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
and the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated 
Obligation, Relevant Obligations shall exclude Senior Obligations and any Further 
Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category 
“Bond or Loan”, provided that if no such Relevant Obligations exist, “Relevant Obligations” 
shall only include the Senior Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the 
Obligation Category “Bond or Loan”. 
“Replaced Valuation Obligation Outstanding Amount” has the meaning given to that term in 
Reference Item Condition 2.3 (Cash Settlement). 
“Replacement Valuation Obligation” has the meaning given to that term in Reference Item 
Condition 2.3 (Cash Settlement). 
“Representative Amount” means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the 
relevant market and at the relevant time, which amount will be determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Repudiation/Moratorium” means the occurrence of both of the following events: 
(i) 
an authorised officer of the Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority: 
(1) 
disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges 
the validity of, one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less 
than the Default Requirement; or 
(2) 
declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll-over or deferral, whether de 
facto or de jure, with respect to one or more Obligations in an aggregate 
amount of not less than the Default Requirement; and 
(ii) 
a Failure to Pay, determined without regard to the Payment Requirement, or a Restructuring, 
determined without regard to the Default Requirement, with respect to any such Obligation 
occurs on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
“Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date” means, if a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium occurs 
on or prior to the Scheduled Termination Notice Date (i) if the Obligations to which such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium relates include Bonds, the date that is the later of (A) the date that is sixty 
(60) days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium and (B) the first payment date under 
any such Bond after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium (or, if later, the expiration date 
of any applicable Grace Period in respect of such payment date) and (ii) if the Obligations to which 
such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates do not include Bonds, the date that is sixty (60) days 
after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium provided that, in either case, the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date shall occur no later than the Scheduled Termination Notice 
Date unless the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied. 
“Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition” will be satisfied: 
(i) 
if the DC Secretary publicly announces, pursuant to a valid request that was delivered and 
effectively received on or prior to the date that is fourteen (14) calendar days after the 
Scheduled Termination Notice Date that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved that an event that constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium

--- Page 308 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-85 
 
 
has occurred with respect to an Obligation of the Reference Entity and that such event 
occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Termination Notice Date; or 
(ii) 
otherwise, by the delivery by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer of a Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension Notice and, unless “Notice of Publicly Available Information” is specified as not 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, a Notice of Publicly Available Information that are 
each effective on or prior to the date that is fourteen (14) calendar days after the Scheduled 
Termination Notice Date. 
In all cases, the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition will be deemed not to have been 
satisfied, or not capable of being satisfied, if, or to the extent that, the DC Secretary publicly announces 
that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that either (A) an event 
does not constitute a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium with respect to an Obligation of the Reference 
Entity, or (B) an event that constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred with respect 
to an Obligation of the Reference Entity but that such event occurred after the Scheduled Termination 
Notice Date. 
“Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice” means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the 
Issuer (which the Calculation Agent has the right but not the obligation to deliver) that describes a 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Termination Notice Date.  
A Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the 
facts relevant to the determination that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred and indicate 
the date of the occurrence.  The Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that is the subject of the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice need not be continuing on the date the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice is effective. 
“Resolve” has the meaning set out in the DC Rules, and “Resolved” and “Resolves” shall be construed 
accordingly. 
“Restructured Bond or Loan” means an Obligation which is a Bond or Loan and in respect of which 
the relevant Restructuring has occurred. 
“Restructuring” means, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate 
amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following events occurs in a 
form that binds all holders of such Obligation, is agreed between the Reference Entity or a 
Governmental Authority and a sufficient number of holders of such Obligation to bind all the holders 
of that Obligation or is announced (or otherwise decreed) by the Reference Entity or a Governmental 
Authority in a form that binds all holders of such Obligation (including, in each case, in respect of 
Bonds only, by way of an exchange), and such event is not expressly provided for under the terms of 
such Obligation in effect as of the later of the Credit Event Backstop Date applicable to the relevant 
Credit Linked Notes and the date as of which such Obligation is issued or incurred: 
(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest 
accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including by way 
of redenomination); 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (a) the payment or accrual of 
interest, or (b) the payment of principal or premium; 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the Subordination 
of such Obligation to any other Obligation; or

--- Page 309 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-86 
 
 
(v) 
any change in the currency of any payment of interest, principal or premium to any currency 
other than the lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the UK and the United States 
of America and the euro and any successor currency to any of the aforementioned currencies 
(which in the case of the euro, shall mean the currency which succeeds to and replaces the 
euro in whole). 
Notwithstanding the above provisions, none of the following shall constitute a Restructuring: 
(1) 
the payment in euro of interest, principal or premium in relation to an 
Obligation denominated in a currency of a Member State of the European 
Union that adopts or has adopted the single currency in accordance with the 
Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended by the Treaty on 
European Union; 
(2) 
the redenomination from euros into another currency, if (A) the 
redenomination occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental 
Authority of a Member State of the European Union which is of general 
application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (B) a 
freely available market rate of conversion between euros and such other 
currency existed at the time of such redenomination and there is no reduction 
in the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium payable, as determined 
by reference to such freely available market rate of conversion; 
(3) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events 
described in (i) to (v) above due to an administrative adjustment, accounting 
adjustment or tax adjustment or other technical adjustment occurring in the 
ordinary course of business; and 
(4) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events 
described in (i) to (v) above in circumstances where such event does not 
directly or indirectly result from a deterioration in the creditworthiness or 
financial condition of the Reference Entity, provided that in respect of 
paragraph (v) above only, no such deterioration in the creditworthiness or 
financial condition of the Reference Entity is required where the 
redenomination is from euros into another currency and occurs as a result of 
action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European 
Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such 
Governmental Authority. 
For purposes of this definition of Restructuring and Reference Item Condition 2.12 (Provisions 
relating to Multiple Holder Obligation), the term Obligation shall be deemed to include Underlying 
Obligations for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee.  In the case of a 
Guarantee and an Underlying Obligation, references to the Reference Entity in the definition of 
Restructuring and the definition of Subordination shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying Obligor 
and the references to the Reference Entity in the first paragraph and paragraphs (1) to (4) of this 
definition of Restructuring shall continue to be deemed to refer to the Reference Entity. 
If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events described under 
paragraphs (i) to (v) above has occurred will be based on a comparison of the terms of the Bond 
immediately prior to such exchange and the terms of the resulting obligations immediately following 
such exchange. 
“Restructuring Date” means the date on which a Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with 
the terms of the documentation governing such Restructuring.

--- Page 310 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-87 
 
 
“Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date” means with respect to a Deliverable Obligation or a 
Valuation Obligation (as applicable), the Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the 
Scheduled Termination Notice Date.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the final maturity date of the 
Restructured Bond or Loan with the latest final maturity date of any Restructured Bond or Loan occurs 
prior to the 2.5-year Limitation Date (such Restructured Bond or Loan, a “Latest Maturity 
Restructured Bond or Loan”) and the Scheduled Termination Notice Date occurs prior to the final 
maturity date of such Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan, then the Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation Date will be the final maturity date of such Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan.  
For these purposes, the final maturity date shall be determined on the basis of the terms of the 
Deliverable Obligation or Valuation Obligation in effect at the time of making such determination and, 
in the case of a Deliverable Obligation or Valuation Obligation that is due and payable, the final 
maturity date shall be deemed to be the date on which such determination is made. 
“Revised Currency Rate” means, with respect to a Replacement Valuation Obligation specified in a 
Valuation Settlement Amendment Notice, the rate of conversion between the currency in which the 
Replaced Valuation Obligation Outstanding Amount is denominated and the currency in which the 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount of such Replacement Valuation Obligation 
is denominated that is determined either (i) by reference to the Currency Rate Source as at the Next 
Currency Fixing Time or (ii) if such rate is not available at such time, by the Calculation Agent. 
“Scheduled Maturity Date” has the meaning given to it in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Scheduled Termination Notice Date” has the meaning given to it in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Seniority Level” means, with respect to an obligation of the Reference Entity: 
(i) 
“Senior Level” or “Subordinated Level” as specified in the relevant Issue Terms, or 
(ii) 
if no such seniority level is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, “Senior Level” if the Original 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation is a Senior Obligation or “Subordinated Level” if the 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation is a Subordinated Obligation, failing which 
(iii) 
“Senior Level”. 
“Senior Obligation” means any obligation which is not Subordinated to any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money obligation of the relevant Reference Entity. 
“Settlement Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, or if no 
currency is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Specified Currency of the Credit Linked Notes. 
“Set/Zero Recovery Price” means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Settlement Method” means, if (a) Auction Settlement is specified as the applicable Settlement 
Method in the relevant Issue Terms, Auction Settlement or (b) Cash Settlement is specified as the 
applicable Settlement Method in the relevant Issue Terms, Cash Settlement or (c) Zero/Set Recovery 
Notes is specified as the applicable Settlement Method in the relevant Issue Terms, the provisions of 
these Reference Item Conditions relating to Zero/Set Recovery Notes shall apply and, for the 
avoidance of doubt, (a) or (b) above shall not apply. 
“Single Reference Entity Credit Linked Notes” means Credit Linked Notes indicated as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms, where the Issuer purchases credit protection from the Noteholders in respect of 
only one Reference Entity.

--- Page 311 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-88 
 
 
“Solvency Capital Provisions” means any terms in an obligation which permit the Reference Entity’s 
payment obligations thereunder to be deferred, suspended, cancelled, converted, reduced or otherwise 
varied and which are necessary in order for the obligation to constitute capital resources of a particular 
tier. 
“Sovereign” means any state, political subdivision or government, or any agency, instrumentality, 
ministry, department or other authority acting in a governmental capacity (including without limiting 
the foregoing, the central bank) thereof. 
“Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation” means an Obligation of a Reference Entity which 
is a Sovereign (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) (a) in respect of which a 
Restructuring that is the subject of the relevant Credit Event Notice or DC Credit Event Announcement 
has occurred and (b) which fell within paragraph (i) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation above 
immediately preceding the date on which such Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with 
the terms of the documentation governing such Restructuring. 
“Sovereign Succession Event” means, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, an 
annexation, unification, secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or, other similar 
event. 
“Specified Number” means the number of Public Source(s) specified in the relevant Issue Terms, or 
if no such number is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, two. 
“SRO List” means the list of Standard Reference Obligations as published by ISDA on its website at 
www.isda.org from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party designated by 
ISDA on its website from time to time. 
“Standard Reference Obligation” means the obligation of the Reference Entity with the relevant 
Seniority Level which is specified from time to time on the SRO List. 
“Standard Specified Currency” means each of the lawful currencies of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, 
France, Germany, the UK and the United States of America and the euro and any successor currency 
to any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean the currency which 
succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
“Steps Plan” means a plan evidenced by Eligible Information contemplating that there will be a series 
of successions to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, by one or more 
entities. 
“Subordinated Obligation” means any obligation which is Subordinated to any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money obligation of the relevant Reference Entity or which would be so Subordinated if 
any unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of that Reference Entity existed. 
“Substitute Reference Obligation” means, with respect to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation to 
which a Substitution Event has occurred, the obligation that will replace the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation, determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(i) 
The Calculation Agent shall identify the Substitute Reference Obligation in accordance with 
paragraphs (iii), (iv) and (v) below to replace the Non-Standard Reference Obligation; 
provided that the Calculation Agent will not identify an obligation as the Substitute Reference 
Obligation if, at the time of the determination, such obligation has already been rejected as the 
Substitute Reference Obligation by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
and such obligation has not changed materially since the date of the relevant DC Resolution.

--- Page 312 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-89 
 
 
(ii) 
If any of the events set forth under paragraphs (i) or (ii)(2) of the definition of Substitution 
Event have occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation will cease to be the Reference Obligation (other than for 
purposes of the “Not Subordinated” Obligation Characteristic or “Not Subordinated” 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic and paragraph (iii)(2)). If the event set forth in 
paragraph (ii)(1) of the definition of Substitution Event below has occurred with respect to the 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation and no Substitute Reference Obligation is available, the 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation will continue to be the Reference Obligation until the 
Substitute Reference Obligation is identified or, if earlier, until any of the events set forth 
under paragraphs (i) or (ii)(2) of the definition of Substitution Event below occur with respect 
to such Non-Standard Reference Obligation. 
(iii) 
The Substitute Reference Obligation shall be an obligation that on the Substitution Date: 
(1) 
is a Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider 
of a guarantee); 
(2) 
satisfies the Not Subordinated Deliverable Obligation Characteristic as of the date it 
was issued or incurred (without reflecting any change to the priority of payment after 
such date) and on the Substitution Date; and 
(3) 
(A) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Conforming Reference 
Obligation when issued or incurred and immediately prior to the Substitution 
Event Date: 
(1) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with paragraph (i) of the definition of Deliverable 
Obligation above; or if no such obligation is available, 
(2) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (i) 
of the definition of Deliverable Obligation above; 
(B) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Bond (or any other 
Borrowed Money obligation other than a Loan) which was a Non-
Conforming Reference Obligation when issued or incurred and/or 
immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date: 
(1) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than a 
Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
(2) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with paragraph (i) of the definition of Deliverable 
Obligation above; or if no such obligation is available, 
(3) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a 
Loan (other than a Private-side Loan); or if no such obligation is 
available, 
(4) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (i) 
of the definition of Deliverable Obligation above; or

--- Page 313 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-90 
 
 
(C) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Loan which was a Non-
Conforming Reference Obligation when incurred and/or immediately prior 
to the Substitution Event Date: 
(1) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a 
Loan (other than a Private-side Loan); or if no such obligation is 
available, 
(2) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than a 
Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
(3) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with paragraph (i) of the definition of Deliverable 
Obligation above; or if no such obligation is available, 
(4) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (i) 
of the definition of Deliverable Obligation above. 
(iv) 
If more than one potential Substitute Reference Obligation is identified pursuant to the process 
described in paragraph (iii) above, the Substitute Reference Obligation will be the potential 
Substitute Reference Obligation that most closely preserves the economic equivalent of the 
delivery and payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent will notify the Holders in accordance with General 
Condition 15 (Notices) of the Substitute Reference Obligation as soon as reasonably 
practicable after it has been identified in accordance with paragraph (iii) above and the 
Substitute Reference Obligation shall replace the Non-Standard Reference Obligation. 
(v) 
If a Substitution Event has occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
and the Calculation Agent determines that no Substitute Reference Obligation is available for 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation then, subject to paragraph (i) above and 
notwithstanding the fact that the Non-Standard Reference Obligation may have ceased to be 
the Reference Obligation in accordance with paragraph (ii) above, the Calculation Agent shall 
continue to attempt to identify the Substitute Reference Obligation. 
(vi) 
For the avoidance of doubt, no Substitute Reference Obligation shall be determined in respect 
of any Credit Linked Notes that are Reference Obligation Only Notes. 
“Substitution Date” means, with respect to a Substitute Reference Obligation, the date on which the 
Calculation Agent notifies the Issuer of the Substitute Reference Obligation that it has identified in 
accordance with the definition of Substitute Reference Obligation above. 
“Substitution Event” means, with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation: 
(i) 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation is redeemed in whole; or 
(ii) 
provided that the Credit Linked Notes to which the Non-Standard Reference Obligation relates 
are not Reference Obligation Only Notes: 
(1) 
the aggregate amounts due under the Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
have been reduced by redemption or otherwise below USD 10,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent); or

--- Page 314 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-91 
 
 
(2) 
for any reason, other than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation is no longer an obligation of the 
Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a guarantee). 
For purposes of identification of the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, any change in the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation’s CUSIP or ISIN number or other similar identifier will not, in and of 
itself, constitute a Substitution Event.  If an event described in paragraphs (i) or (ii)(1) above has 
occurred on or prior to the Trade Date, then a Substitution Event shall be deemed to have occurred 
pursuant to paragraphs (i) or (ii)(1) above as the case may be, on the Trade Date. 
“Substitution Event Date” means, with respect to the Reference Obligation, the date of the 
occurrence of the relevant Substitution Event. 
“Succession Date” means the legally effective date of an event in which one or more entities succeed 
to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity; provided that if at such time, there 
is a Steps Plan, the Succession Date will be the legally effective date of the final succession in respect 
of such Steps Plan, or if earlier (a) the date on which a determination pursuant to paragraph (i) of the 
definition of Successor below would not be affected by any further related successions in respect of 
such Steps Plan, or (b) the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date in respect of the Reference 
Entity or any entity which would constitute a Successor. 
“Successor” means: 
(i) 
subject to paragraph (ii) below, the entity or entities, if any, determined as follows: 
(1) 
subject to paragraph (7), if one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider 
of a Relevant Guarantee, to seventy-five per cent. or more of the Relevant 
Obligations of the Reference Entity, that entity will be the sole Successor; 
(2) 
if only one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to more than twenty-five per cent. (but less than seventy-five per 
cent.) of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, and not more than 
twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity 
remain with the Reference Entity, the entity that succeeds to more than 
twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations will be the sole Successor; 
(3) 
if more than one entity each succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a 
Relevant Guarantee, to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant 
Obligations of the Reference Entity, and not more than twenty-five per cent. 
of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity remain with the 
Reference Entity, the entities that succeed to more than twenty-five per cent. 
of the Relevant Obligations will each be a Successor and these Terms and 
Conditions and/or the relevant Issue Terms will be adjusted as provided 
below; 
(4) 
if one or more entity each succeed, either directly or as a provider of a 
Relevant Guarantee, to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant 
Obligations of the Reference Entity, and more than twenty-five per cent. of 
the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity remain with the Reference 
Entity, each such entity and the Reference Entity will each be a Successor and 
these Terms and Conditions and/or the relevant Issue Terms will be adjusted 
as provided below;

--- Page 315 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-92 
 
 
(5) 
if one or more entities succeed, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to a portion of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, 
but no entity succeeds to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant 
Obligations of the Reference Entity and the Reference Entity continues to 
exist, there will be no Successor and the Reference Entity will not be changed 
in any way as a result of such succession; 
(6) 
if one or more entities succeed, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to a portion of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, 
but no entity succeeds to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant 
Obligations of the Reference Entity and the Reference Entity ceases to exist, 
the entity which succeeds to the greatest percentage of Relevant Obligations 
will be the Successor (provided that if two or more entities succeed to an 
equal percentage of Relevant Obligations, each such entity will be a 
Successor and these Terms and Conditions and/or the relevant Issue Terms 
will be adjusted as provided below); and 
(7) 
in respect of a Reference Entity which is not a Sovereign, if one entity 
assumes all of the obligations (including at least one Relevant Obligation) of 
the Reference Entity, and at the time of the determination either (A) the 
Reference Entity has ceased to exist, or (B) the Reference Entity is in the 
process of being dissolved (howsoever described) and the Reference Entity 
has not issued or incurred any Borrowed Money obligation at any time since 
the legally effective date of the assumption, such entity (the Universal 
Successor) will be the sole Successor; and 
(ii) 
An entity may only be a Successor if: 
(1) 
either (A) the related Succession Date occurs on or after the Successor 
Backstop Date, or (B) such entity is a Universal Successor in respect of which 
the Succession Date occurred on or after January 1, 2014; 
(2) 
the Reference Entity had at least one Relevant Obligation outstanding 
immediately prior to the Succession Date and such entity succeeds to all or 
part of at least one Relevant Obligation of the Reference Entity; and 
(3) 
where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, such entity succeeded to the 
Relevant Obligations by way of a Sovereign Succession Event. 
The Calculation Agent will be responsible for determining, as soon as reasonably practicable after 
delivery of a Successor Notice and with effect from the Succession Date, any Successor or Successors 
under paragraph (i) above, Provided That the Calculation Agent will not make any such determination 
if, at the time of determination, the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that there is no Successor based on the relevant 
succession to Relevant Obligations. 
The Calculation Agent will make all calculations and determinations required to be made under this 
definition of Successor on the basis of Eligible Information and will, as soon as practicable after such 
calculation or determination, make such calculation or determination available for inspection by 
Noteholders at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent. In calculating the percentages used 
to determine whether an entity qualifies as a Successor under paragraph (i) above, if there is a Steps 
Plan, the Calculation Agent shall consider all related successions in respect of such Steps Plan in 
aggregate as if forming part of a single succession.

--- Page 316 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-93 
 
 
Where pursuant to paragraph (i)(3), (i)(4) or (i)(6) or (ii) above, more than one Successor has been 
identified, the Calculation Agent shall adjust such of these Terms and Conditions and/or the relevant 
Issue Terms as it shall determine to be appropriate to reflect that the Reference Entity has been 
succeeded by more than one Successor and shall determine the effective date of that adjustment. The 
Calculation Agent shall be deemed to be acting in a commercially reasonable manner if it adjusts such 
of these Terms and Conditions and/or the relevant Issue Terms in such a manner as to reflect the 
adjustment to and/or division of any credit derivative transaction(s) related to or underlying the Credit 
Linked Notes under the provisions of the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions. 
Upon the Calculation Agent making such adjustment, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable 
to Holders in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices) stating the adjustment to these Terms 
and Conditions and/or the relevant Issue Terms and giving brief details of the relevant Successor event. 
If two or more entities (each, a “Joint Potential Successor”) jointly succeed to a Relevant Obligation 
(the “Joint Relevant Obligation”) either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, then (i) if 
the Joint Relevant Obligation was a direct obligation of the Reference Entity, it shall be treated as 
having been succeeded to by the Joint Potential Successor (or Joint Potential Successors, in equal 
parts) which succeeded to such Joint Relevant Obligation as direct obligor or obligors, or (ii) if the 
Joint Relevant Obligation was a Relevant Guarantee, it shall be treated as having been succeeded to 
by the Joint Potential Successor (or Joint Potential Successors, in equal parts) which succeeded to such 
Joint Relevant Obligation as guarantor or guarantors, if any, or otherwise by each Joint Potential 
Successor in equal parts. 
For the purposes of this definition of “Successor”, “succeed” means, with respect to the Reference 
Entity and its Relevant Obligations, that an entity other than the Reference Entity (i) assumes or 
becomes liable for such Relevant Obligations whether by operation of law or pursuant to any 
agreement (including, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, any protocol, treaty, 
convention, accord, concord, entente, pact or other agreement), or (ii) issues Bonds or incurs Loans 
(the “Exchange Bonds” or “Loans”) that are exchanged for Relevant Obligations, and in either case 
the Reference Entity is not thereafter a direct obligor or a provider of a Relevant Guarantee with respect 
to such Relevant Obligations or such Exchange Bonds or Loans, as applicable. For purposes of this 
definition of “Successor”, “succeeded” and “succession” shall be construed accordingly. In the case 
of an exchange offer, the determinations required pursuant to paragraph (i) of this definition of 
“Successor” shall be made on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of Relevant Obligations 
exchanged and not on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of the Exchange Bonds or Loans. 
Notwithstanding the provisions above and sub-paragraph (ii) of the definition of “Reference Entity”, 
where one or more Reference Entities (each an “Affected Reference Entity”) and/or the Issuer would, 
but for this provision, be identified as a Successor to another Reference Entity pursuant to the above 
provisions and at least one other entity which is not a Reference Entity or the Issuer is also identified 
as a Successor for the purposes of any succession, each Affected Reference Entity and/or the Issuer, 
as applicable, shall not be regarded as a “Successor” for the purposes of the Notes.  Where pursuant 
to the provisions above or sub-paragraph (ii) of the definition of “Reference Entity” one or more 
Reference Entities (each an “Affected Reference Entity”) and/or the Issuer are identified as a 
Successor to another Reference Entity (each a “Replaced Reference Entity”) pursuant to the above 
provisions and no other entities (that are not Reference Entities or the Issuer) are identified as a 
Successor in respect of the relevant succession the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to 
the Conditions and/or the relevant Issue Terms as it determines to be necessary or desirable to reflect 
that the Affected Reference Entity(ies) and/or the Issuer are a Successor including, without limitation, 
(x) applying the provisions of Reference Item Condition 2.9 (Redemption following a Merger Event) 
(if a Merger Event has occurred), and/or (y) allocating the Reference Entity Notional Amount of each 
Replaced Reference Entity to (i) the relevant Affected Reference Entity(ies) and/or (ii) if the Issuer is 
a Successor, the remaining Reference Entities, in each case on an equal basis if more than one and so 
that this will mean increasing each relevant Reference Entity(ies)’s Reference Entity Notional Amount

--- Page 317 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-94 
 
 
and/or (z) if appropriate reducing that portion of any interest or other amount payable which is 
referable to the purchase of credit protection purchased by the Issuer under the Notes in respect of 
each Replaced Reference Entity to account for the fact that such credit protection is no longer available 
to the Issuer under the Notes, in each case with effect from the relevant date determined by the 
Calculation Agent to be the relevant Succession Date. 
Notwithstanding the above, the Calculation Agent may, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, 
make such adjustment to the Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms as it shall 
determine to be necessary or desirable to reflect or account for market practice relating to the definition 
of “Successor” for credit derivatives transactions and/or the Hedging Arrangements.  The Calculation 
Agent shall be deemed to be acting in a commercially reasonable manner if it adjusts such of these 
Terms and Conditions and/or the relevant Issue Terms in such a manner as to reflect the adjustment to 
any credit derivative transaction(s) related to or underlying the Credit Linked Notes incorporating the 
provisions of the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions and/or to reflect any adjustment to the 
Hedging Arrangements.  Upon the Calculation Agent making such adjustment, the Issuer shall give 
notice as soon as practicable to Holders in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices) stating the 
adjustment to these Terms and Conditions and/or the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Successor Backstop Date” means for purposes of any Successor determination determined by DC 
Resolution, the date that is ninety calendar days prior to the Successor Resolution Request Date 
otherwise, the date that is ninety calendar days prior to the earlier of (i) the date on which the Successor 
Notice is effective and (ii) in circumstances where (A) a Successor Resolution Request Date has 
occurred, (B) the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a 
Successor determination and (C) the Successor Notice is delivered not more than fourteen calendar 
days after the day on which the DC Secretary publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a Successor determination, the Successor 
Resolution Request Date. The Successor Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with any Business Day Convention. 
“Successor Notice” means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer that 
describes a succession (or, in relation to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, a Sovereign Succession 
Event) in respect of which a Succession Date has occurred and pursuant to which one or more 
Successors to the Reference Entity can be determined. 
A Successor Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination to be made pursuant to paragraph (i) of the definition of “Successor” above. 
“Successor Resolution Request Date” means, with respect to a notice to the DC Secretary requesting 
that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve one or more Successors 
to the Reference Entity, the date, as publicly announced by the DC Secretary, that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to be the date on which such notice is effective. 
“Trade Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Transaction Auction Settlement Terms” means the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms 
selected by the Calculation Agent in accordance with this provision. In relation to a Credit Event (and 
as set out in the definition of Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms), ISDA may publish one 
or more form(s) of Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms on its website at www.isda.org (or 
any successor website thereto) and may amend such forms from time to time. Each such form of Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms shall set out, inter alia, definitions of “Auction”, “Auction 
Cancellation Date”, “Auction Covered Transaction” and “Auction Final Price Determination Date” in 
relation to the relevant Credit Event. The Transaction Auction Settlement Terms for purposes of the 
Credit Linked Notes shall be the relevant form of Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms for 
which the Reference Transaction would be an Auction Covered Transaction (as such term will be set

--- Page 318 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-95 
 
 
out in the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms). The Reference Transaction (as set 
out in the definition thereof) is a hypothetical credit derivative transaction included in these Reference 
Item Conditions principally for the purpose of selecting the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement 
Terms appropriate to the Credit Linked Notes. 
“Underlying Obligation” means, with respect to a guarantee, the obligation which is the subject of 
the guarantee. 
“Underlying Obligor” means with respect to an Underlying Obligation, the issuer in the case of a 
Bond, the borrower in the case of a Loan, or the principal obligor in the case of any other Underlying 
Obligation. 
“Unwind Costs” means the amount specified in the relevant Issue Terms or if “Standard Unwind 
Costs” are specified in the relevant Issue Terms, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent equal 
to the aggregate sum of (without duplication) all costs (including loss of funding), fees, charges, 
expenses, tax and duties incurred by the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates in connection with the 
redemption or credit settlement of the Credit Linked Notes and the related termination, settlement or 
re-establishment of any Hedging Arrangements. 
“Valuation Date” means if “Single Valuation Date” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms and 
subject to Reference Item Condition 2.8 (Settlement Suspension), (i) the date that is the number of 
Business Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms (or, if the number of Business Days is not so 
specified, five Business Days) following the Credit Event Determination Date (or if the Credit Event 
Determination Date occurs pursuant to paragraph (i)(2) of the definition of “Credit Event 
Determination Date” above or paragraph (ii)(1) of the definition of “Non-Standard Credit Event 
Determination Date”, the day on which the DC Credit Event Announcement occurs) (or, if Cash 
Settlement is applicable pursuant to the Fallback Settlement Method, the date that is the number of 
Business Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms (or, if the number of Business Days is not so 
specified, five Business Days) following the Auction Cancellation Date, if any, or the relevant No 
Auction Announcement Date, if any, as applicable), or (ii) if the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate by reference to the Hedging Arrangements, the Valuation Obligation Observation Date 
and if “Multiple Valuation Dates” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, each of the following dates: 
(i) 
subject to Reference Item Condition 2.8 (Settlement Suspension), the date that is the number 
of Business Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms (or, if the number of Business Days is 
not specified, five Business Days) following (a) the Credit Event Determination Date (or if 
the Credit Event Determination Date occurs pursuant to paragraph (i) of the definition of 
“Credit Event Determination Date” above or paragraph (ii)(1) of the definition of “Non-
Standard Credit Event Determination Date”, the day on which the DC Credit Event 
Announcement occurs) (or if Cash Settlement is applicable pursuant to the Fallback 
Settlement Method, the date that is the number of Business Days specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms (or, if the number of Business Days is not specified, five Business Days) 
following the Auction Cancellation Date, if any, or the relevant No Auction Announcement 
Date, if any, as applicable) or (b) if the Calculation Agent determines appropriate by reference 
to the Hedging Arrangements, the Valuation Obligation Observation Date; and 
(ii) 
each successive date that is the number of Business Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
(or, if the number of Business Days is not so specified, five Business Days) after the date on 
which the Calculation Agent obtains a Market Value with respect to the immediately 
preceding Valuation Date. 
When “Multiple Valuation Dates” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the total number of 
Valuation Dates shall be equal to the number of Valuation Dates specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
(or, if the number of Valuation Dates is not so specified, five Valuation Dates).

--- Page 319 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-96 
 
 
If neither Single Valuation Date nor Multiple Valuation Dates is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
Single Valuation Date shall apply. 
“Valuation Method”: 
(i) 
The following Valuation Methods may be specified in the relevant Issue Terms with only one 
Valuation Date: 
(1) 
“Market” means the Market Value determined by the Calculation Agent with 
respect to the Valuation Date; or 
(2) 
“Highest” means the highest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent 
with respect to the Valuation Date. 
(ii) 
If no such Valuation Method is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Valuation Method 
shall be Highest. 
(iii) 
The following Valuation Methods may be specified in the relevant Issue Terms with more 
than one Valuation Date: 
(1) 
“Average Market” means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the Market 
Values determined by the Calculation Agent with respect to each Valuation 
Date; or 
(2) 
“Highest” means the highest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent 
with respect to any Valuation Date; or 
(3) 
“Average Highest” means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the highest 
Quotations obtained by the Calculation Agent with respect to each Valuation 
Date. 
(iv) 
If no such Valuation Method is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Valuation Method 
shall be Average Highest. 
Notwithstanding paragraphs (i) to (iv) above, if Quotations include Weighted Average Quotations or 
fewer than two Full Quotations, the Calculation Agent may at its option determine that the Valuation 
Method shall be Market or Average Market, as the case may be. 
Where applicable, the relevant Issue Terms may specify an alternative Valuation Method which shall 
be applicable in respect of the relevant Credit Linked Notes. 
“Valuation Obligation” means any Deliverable Obligation as selected by the Calculation Agent in its 
sole discretion.  For the purposes of provisions in relation to Valuation Obligations, references to 
Deliverable Obligation or, where applicable, Reference Obligation and related terms in the Conditions 
will be deemed to also refer to Valuation Obligation and related terms where appropriate. 
“Valuation Obligation Observation Date” means (a) the last day of the longest Valuation Obligation 
Observation Settlement Period following the VSN Cut-off Date (the “Scheduled Valuation 
Obligation Observation Date”) provided that if a Hedge Disruption Event has occurred and is 
continuing on the second Business Day immediately preceding the Scheduled Valuation Obligation 
Observation Date, the Valuation Obligation Observation Date shall be the earlier of (i) the second 
Business Day following the date on which no Hedge Disruption Event subsists and (ii) the day falling 
sixty (60) Business Days following the Scheduled Valuation Obligation Observation Date or (b) where 
Maturity Credit Event Redemption is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms only: if

--- Page 320 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-97 
 
 
later, the Maturity Date determined pursuant to these Reference Item Conditions and subject to 
adjustment, where applicable, pursuant to Reference Item Conditions 2.4 (Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension), 2.5 (Grace Period Extension), 2.6 (Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
Extension), 2.7 (Maturity Date Extension in the case of Credit Linked Notes) and 2.8 (Settlement 
Suspension). 
“Valuation Obligation Observation Settlement Period” means, subject to Reference Item 
Condition 2.8 (Settlement Suspension), the number of Business Days specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms or, if a number of Business Days is not so specified, then, with respect to a Valuation 
Obligation comprising the Valuation Reference Holding, the longest number of Business Days for 
settlement in accordance with then current market practice of such Valuation Obligation, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent provided that if the Issuer has notified the Holders in accordance 
with Reference Item Condition 2.3 (Cash Settlement) that it will value an Asset Package in lieu of a 
Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond, the Valuation Obligation Observation 
Settlement Period shall be 35 Business Days. 
“Valuation Reference Holding” means, in respect of each unit or nominal amount of Credit Linked 
Notes equal to the Calculation Amount, as applicable, Valuation Obligations, as selected by the 
Calculation Agent, with: 
(i) 
in the case of Valuation Obligations that are Borrowed Money, an Outstanding Principal 
Balance; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Valuation Obligations that are not Borrowed Money, a Due and Payable 
Amount, 
(or, in the case of either (i) or (ii), the equivalent Currency Amount of any such amount), in an 
aggregate amount as of the first relevant Valuation Date equal to the Calculation Amount less, if 
Unwind Costs are specified as applying in the relevant Issue Terms, Valuation Obligations with a 
market value determined by the Calculation Agent on the Business Day selected by the Calculation 
Agent falling during the period from and including the Credit Event Determination Date to and 
including the first Valuation Date equal to a pro rata share of Unwind Costs. 
“Valuation Settlement Amendment Notice” has the meaning given to that term in Reference Item 
Condition 2.3 (Cash Settlement). 
“Valuation Time” means the time specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if no time is so 
specified, 11.00 a.m. in the principal trading market for the Reference Obligation. 
“Voting Shares” means the shares or other interests that have the power to elect the board of directors 
or similar governing body of an entity. 
“VSN Cut-off Date” means subject, where applicable, to Reference Item Condition 2.8 (Settlement 
Suspension), the later of: 
(i) 
subject to paragraph (ii) below, the later of: 
(1) 
the thirtieth calendar day after the Credit Event Determination Date; and 
(2) 
the tenth calendar day after either the date of the relevant DC Credit Event 
Announcement or of the relevant DC Credit Event Question Dismissal, if any 
(or, if the relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring, the tenth calendar 
day after the Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date); or

--- Page 321 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-98 
 
 
(ii) 
if, in accordance with the terms of Reference Item Condition 2.2 (Auction Settlement) above, 
Reference Item Condition 2.3 (Cash Settlement) applies as a result of the occurrence of (a) an 
Auction Cancellation Date or (b) a No Auction Announcement Date where the Issuer has not 
exercised the Movement Option; and: 
(1) 
the relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring, the later of: 
(A) 
the date determined pursuant to paragraph (i)(1) above; and 
(B) 
the thirtieth calendar day after the Auction Cancellation Date or the No 
Auction Announcement Date, occurring pursuant to paragraphs (i) or 
(iii)(1) of the definition of No Auction Announcement Date above, as 
applicable; or 
(2) 
the relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring either: 
(A) 
the later of: 
(I) 
the date determined pursuant to paragraph (i)(1) above; and 
(II) 
the thirtieth calendar day after: 
(x) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurring pursuant to 
paragraph (i) of the definition of No Auction Announcement 
Date above, if any; 
(y) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurring pursuant to 
paragraph (iii)(1) of the definition of No Auction 
Announcement Date above, if any; or 
(z) 
the Auction Cancellation Date, if any, as applicable; or 
(B) 
the later of the Parallel Notice of Physical Settlement Date (or, if more than 
one Parallel Notice of Physical Settlement Date should occur, the last 
Parallel Notice of Physical Settlement Date), and the Relevant City Business 
Day immediately following the Parallel Auction Cancellation Date, if any 
(or, if more than one should occur, the last Parallel Auction Cancellation 
Date), as applicable, in circumstances where either: 
(I) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs pursuant to paragraph (i) 
of the definition of No Auction Announcement Date above and the 
Issuer has not exercised the Movement Option; or 
(II) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs pursuant to paragraph 
(iii)(2) of the definition of No Auction Announcement Date above 
and the Issuer has not exercised the Movement Option, 
provided that in the case of paragraphs (i) and (ii) above, the relevant Credit Event Resolution Request 
Date, if any, occurred on or prior to the date described in paragraph (i)(1) above. 
“VSN Effective Date” means the date on which an effective Calculation Agent Valuation Settlement 
Notice or Calculation Agent Valuation Settlement Amendment Notice, as the case may be, is delivered 
to the Issuer.

--- Page 322 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-99 
 
 
“Weighted Average Quotation” means in accordance with the Quotation Method, the weighted 
average of firm quotations obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time, to the extent 
reasonably practicable, each for an amount of the Reference Obligation with an Outstanding Principal 
Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, of as large a size as available but less than the 
Quotation Amount (but, of a size at least equal to the Minimum Quotation Amount) that in aggregate 
are approximately equal to the Quotation Amount. 
“Zero/Set Recovery Notes” means Notes in respect of which the applicable Settlement Method in the 
relevant Issue Terms is specified as “Zero/Set Recovery Notes”. 
2.11. 
Credit Event Notice after Restructuring Credit Event 
If this Reference Item Condition 2.11 is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, then, 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Terms and Conditions, upon the occurrence of an 
M(M)R: 
(i) 
The Calculation Agent may deliver multiple Credit Event Notices in respect of such M(M)R 
Restructuring, each such Credit Event Notice setting forth an amount of the relevant Reference 
Entity Notional Amount to which such Restructuring Credit Event applies (the “Partial 
Redemption Amount”) that may be less than the aggregate Nominal Amount of those Credit 
Linked Notes outstanding immediately prior to the delivery of such Credit Event Notice.  In 
such circumstances the Terms and Conditions and related provisions shall be deemed to apply 
to the Partial Redemption Amount only and each such Credit Linked Note shall be redeemed 
in part (such redeemed part being equal to the Partial Redemption Amount). 
(ii) 
For the avoidance of doubt (A) the nominal amount of each Credit Linked Note not so 
redeemed in part shall remain outstanding and interest shall accrue and/or be payable as 
provided in the Interest Payout Conditions and General Conditions (adjusted in such manner 
as the Calculation Agent determines to be appropriate), (B) the Terms and Conditions and 
related provisions shall apply to such nominal amount outstanding of such Credit Linked Note 
in the event that subsequent Credit Event Notices are delivered in respect of the Reference 
Entity that was the subject of the Restructuring Credit Event and (C) if, following a 
Restructuring Credit Event, different Credit Event Determination Dates have been determined 
with respect to different portions of amounts payable or deliverable to Noteholders under the 
relevant Series, the Calculation Agent will (x) determine such adjustment(s) to these Terms 
and Conditions as may be required to achieve as far as practicable the same economic effect 
as if each such portion was a separate series or otherwise reflect or account for the effect of 
the above provisions of this Reference Item Condition 2.11 and (y) the effective date of such 
adjustment(s). 
(iii) 
If the provisions of this Reference Item Condition 2.11 apply in respect of the Credit Linked 
Notes, on redemption of part of each such Credit Linked Note the relevant Credit Linked Note 
or, if the Credit Linked Notes are represented by a Global Note, such Global Note, shall be 
endorsed to reflect such part redemption. 
(iv) 
In addition, in the case of First-to-Default Credit Linked Notes: 
Once a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred in respect of the First Reference Entity, 
where the Credit Event is a Restructuring Credit Event, no further Credit Event Notices may 
be delivered in respect of any other Reference Entity. 
(v) 
In addition, in the case of Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes:

--- Page 323 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-100 
 
 
Once a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred in respect of the Triggering Reference 
Entity, where the Credit event is a Restructuring Credit Event, no further Credit Event Notices 
may be delivered in respect of any other Reference Entity. 
2.12. 
Provisions relating to Multiple Holder Obligation 
If this Reference Item Condition 2.12 is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, then, 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the definition of Restructuring and related provisions, the 
occurrence of, agreement to, or announcement of, any of the events described in sub-paragraphs (i) to 
(v) of the definition of “Restructuring” shall not be a Restructuring unless the Obligation in respect 
of any such events is a Multiple Holder Obligation. 
“Multiple Holder Obligation” means an Obligation that (i) at the time of the event which constitutes 
a Restructuring Credit Event is held by more than three holders that are not Affiliates of each other 
and (ii) is (A) a Bond and/or (B) an Obligation with respect to which a percentage of holders 
(determined pursuant to the terms of the Obligation as in effect on the date of such event) at least equal 
to sixty-six and two-thirds is required to consent to the event which constitutes a Restructuring Credit 
Event. 
2.13. 
Provisions taken from the ISDA supplement titled “Additional Provisions – Monoline Insurer as 
Reference Entity (January 2005)” 
If this Reference Item Condition 2.13 is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
following provisions will apply: 
(i) 
Obligation and Deliverable Obligation. Paragraph (i) of the definition of “Obligation” in 
Reference Item Condition 2.10 (Definitions applicable to Credit Linked Notes) and paragraph 
(i) of the definition of “Deliverable Obligation” in Reference Item Condition 2.10 (Definitions 
applicable to Credit Linked Notes) are hereby amended by adding “or Qualifying Policy” after 
“as provider of a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee”. 
(ii) 
Interpretation of Provisions. In the event that an Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation is a 
Qualifying Policy, paragraph (2) of the definition of “Deliverable Obligation” in Reference 
Item Condition 2.10 (Definitions applicable to Credit Linked Notes) will apply, with 
references to the Qualifying Guarantee, the Underlying Obligation and the Underlying 
Obligor deemed to include the Qualifying Policy, the Insured Instrument and the Insured 
Obligor, respectively, except that: 
(A) 
the Obligation Category Borrowed Money and the Obligation Category and 
Deliverable Obligation Category Bond shall be deemed to include distributions 
payable under an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or 
similar funded beneficial interest, the Deliverable Obligation Category Bond shall be 
deemed to include such an Insured Instrument, and the terms “obligation” and 
“obligor” as used in these Reference Item Conditions in respect of such an Insured 
Instrument shall be construed accordingly; 
(B) 
references in the definitions of Assignable Loan and Consent Required Loan to the 
“guarantor” and “guaranteeing” shall be deemed to include the “insurer” and 
“insuring”, respectively; 
(C) 
neither the Qualifying Policy nor the Insured Instrument must satisfy on the relevant 
date the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic of Accelerated or Matured, whether or 
not that characteristic is otherwise specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms;

--- Page 324 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-101 
 
 
(D) 
if the Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan, Direct Loan Participation or 
Transferable Deliverable Obligation Characteristics are specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms and if the benefit of the “Qualifying Policy” is not transferred as part of any 
transfer of the Insured Instrument, the “Qualifying Policy” must be transferable at 
least to the same extent as the Insured Instrument; and 
(E) 
with respect to an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or 
similar funded beneficial interest, the term “Outstanding Principal Balance” shall 
mean the outstanding Certificate Balance and “maturity”, as such term is used in the 
Maximum Maturity Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, shall mean the specified 
date by which the “Qualifying Policy” guarantees or insures, as applicable, that the 
ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance will occur. 
(iii) 
Deliver. For the purposes of the definition of “Deliver” in Reference Item Condition 2.10 
(Definitions applicable to Credit Linked Notes), “Deliver” with respect to an obligation that 
is a “Qualifying Policy” means to Deliver both the Insured Instrument and the benefit of the 
“Qualifying Policy” (or a custodial receipt issued by an internationally recognised custodian 
representing an interest in such an Insured Instrument and the related “Qualifying Policy”), 
and “Delivery” and “Delivered” will be construed accordingly. 
(iv) 
Provisions for Determining a Successor. The paragraph commencing “For the purposes of 
this definition of “Successor”...” in the definition of “Successor” in Reference Item Condition 
2.10 (Definitions applicable to Credit Linked Notes) is hereby amended by adding “or insurer” 
after “or guarantor”. 
(v) 
Restructuring 
(A) 
With respect to an Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass-through certificate 
or similar funded beneficial interest or a Qualifying Policy with respect thereto, 
paragraphs (i) to (v) inclusive of the definition of “Restructuring” in Reference Item 
Condition 2.10 (Definitions applicable to Credit Linked Notes) are hereby amended 
to read as follows: 
“(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of the Instrument Payments in paragraph 
(A)(x) of the definition thereof that are guaranteed or insured by the “Qualifying 
Policy”; 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of the Instrument Payments described in paragraph 
(A)(y) of the definition thereof that are guaranteed or insured by the “Qualifying 
Policy”; 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (x) the payment 
or accrual of the Instrument Payments described in paragraph (A)(x) of the definition 
thereof or (y) the payment of the Instrument Payments described in paragraph (A)(y) 
of the definition thereof, in each case that are guaranteed or insured by the “Qualifying 
Policy”; 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of (x) any Obligation under a 
Qualifying Policy in respect of Instrument Payments, causing the Subordination of 
such Obligation to any other Obligation or (y) any Instrument Payments, causing the 
Subordination of such Insured Instrument to any other instrument in the form of a 
pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest issued by the Insured 
Obligor, it being understood that, for this purpose, Subordination will be deemed to

--- Page 325 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-102 
 
 
include any such change that results in a lower ranking under a priority of payments 
provision applicable to the relevant Instrument Payments; or 
(v) 
any change in the currency or composition of any payment of Instrument 
Payments that are guaranteed or insured by the “Qualifying Policy” to any currency 
(other than the lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the UK and the United 
States of America and the euro and any successor currency to any of the 
aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean the currency 
which succeeds to and replaces the euro as a whole)).” 
(B) 
Paragraph (iii) of the definition of “Restructuring” in Reference Item Condition 2.10 
(Definitions applicable to Credit Linked Notes) is hereby amended by adding “or, in 
the case of a Qualifying Policy and an Insured Instrument, where (A) the “Qualifying 
Policy” continues to guarantee or insure, as applicable, that the same Instrument 
Payments will be made on the same dates on which the “Qualifying Policy” 
guaranteed or insured that such Instrument Payments would be made prior to such 
event and (B) such event is not a change in the ranking in the priority of payment of 
the “Qualifying Policy” after “Reference Entity”.” 
(C) 
The definition of “Restructuring” in Reference Item Condition 2.10 (Definitions 
applicable to Credit Linked Notes) is hereby amended by the insertion of the 
following paragraph after the final paragraph thereof: 
“For purposes of this definition of “Restructuring” in and if Reference Item 
Condition 2.12 (Provisions relating to Multiple Holder Obligation) is specified as 
applying in the relevant Issue Terms, for the purposes of the Reference Item 
Conditions the term “Obligation” shall be deemed to include Insured Instruments for 
which the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Qualifying Policy.  In the case 
of a Qualifying Policy and an Insured Instrument, references to the Reference Entity 
in this definition of “Restructuring” shall be deemed to refer to the Insured Obligor 
and the references to the Reference Entity in paragraphs (i) to (iii) inclusive in this 
definition of “Restructuring” shall continue to refer to the Reference Entity.” 
(vi) 
Fully Transferable Obligation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation.  In the event that 
M(M)R Restructuring is applicable and a Fully Transferable Obligation or Conditionally 
Transferable Obligation is a Qualifying Policy, the Insured Instrument must meet the 
requirements of the relevant definition.  References in the definition of “Conditionally 
Transferable Obligation” to the “guarantor” and “guaranteeing” shall be deemed to include 
the “insurer” and “insuring” respectively.  With respect to an Insured Instrument in the form 
of a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, the term “final maturity 
date”, as such term is used in the definition of “Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date”, shall 
mean the specified date by which the “Qualifying Policy” guarantees or insures, as applicable, 
that the ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance will occur. 
(vii) 
Other Provisions. For purposes of paragraph (i) of the definition of “Deliverable Obligation” 
and the definitions of “Credit Event” and “Deliver” in Reference Item Condition 2.10 
references to the “Underlying Obligation” and the “Underlying Obligor” shall be deemed to 
include “Insured Instruments” and the “Insured Obligor”, respectively. 
(viii) 
Additional Definitions. 
(A) 
“Qualifying Policy” means a financial guaranty insurance policy or similar financial 
guarantee pursuant to which a Reference Entity irrevocably guarantees or insures all 
Instrument Payments of an instrument that constitutes Borrowed Money (modified as

--- Page 326 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-103 
 
 
set forth in this Reference Item Condition 2.13) (the “Insured Instrument”) for 
which another party (including a special purpose entity or trust) is the obligor (the 
“Insured Obligor”).  Qualifying Policies shall exclude any arrangement (i) structured 
as a surety bond, letter of credit or equivalent legal arrangement or (ii) pursuant to the 
express contractual terms of which the payment obligations of the Reference Entity 
can be discharged or reduced as a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an 
event or circumstance (other than the payment of Instrument Payments). 
(B) 
“Instrument Payments” means (A) in the case of any Insured Instrument that is in 
the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, (x) the 
specified periodic distributions in respect of interest or other return on the Certificate 
Balance on or prior to the ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance and (y) the 
ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance on or prior to a specified date and (B) 
in the case of any other Insured Instrument, the scheduled payments of principal and 
interest, in the case of both (A) and (B) excluding sums in respect of default interest, 
indemnities, tax gross-ups, make-whole amounts, early redemption premiums and 
other similar amounts (whether or not guaranteed or insured by the “Qualifying 
Policy”). 
(C) 
“Certificate Balance” means, in the case of an Insured Instrument that is in the form 
of a pass through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, the unit principal 
balance, certificate balance or similar measure of unreimbursed principal investment. 
2.14. 
Calculation Agent Notices 
Any notice to be delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer pursuant to these Reference Item 
Conditions may be given in writing (including by facsimile and/or email) and/or by telephone. Any 
such notice will be effective when given, regardless of the form in which it is delivered. A notice given 
by telephone will be deemed to have been delivered at the time the telephone conversation takes place. 
If the notice is delivered by telephone, a written confirmation will be executed and delivered 
confirming the substance of that notice within one Calculation Agent City Business Day of that notice. 
Failure to provide that written confirmation will not affect the effectiveness of that telephonic notice. 
For the purposes of determining the day on which an event occurs for purposes of these Reference 
Item Conditions, the Calculation Agent will determine the demarcation of days by reference to 
Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Reference Entity has a material connection to Japan for these 
purposes, Tokyo time) irrespective of the time zone in which such event occurred. Any event occurring 
at midnight shall be deemed to have occurred immediately prior to midnight. 
In addition, if a payment is not made by the Reference Entity on its due date or, as the case may be, 
on the final day of the relevant Grace Period, then such failure to make a payment shall be deemed to 
have occurred on such day prior to midnight Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Reference Entity has a 
material connection to Japan for these purposes, Tokyo time), irrespective of the time zone of its place 
of payment. 
2.15. 
Provisions taken from the ISDA supplement titled “Additional Provisions for LPN Reference Entities” 
(published on 3rd October, 2006) 
(i) 
If this Reference Item Condition 2.15 is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Reference Item Conditions, the following 
provisions will apply: provisions relating to Multiple Holder Obligation will be deemed to be 
Not Applicable with respect to any Reference Obligation (and any Underlying Loan);

--- Page 327 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-104 
 
 
(ii) 
each Reference Obligation will be an Obligation, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in 
the Reference Item Conditions including, but not limited to the definition of “Obligation” in 
Reference Item Condition 2.10 (Definitions applicable to Credit Linked Notes), and in 
particular, notwithstanding that the obligation is not an obligation of the Reference Entity; 
(iii) 
each Reference Obligation will be a Deliverable Obligation notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in the Reference Item Conditions including, but not limited to the definition of 
“Deliverable Obligation” in Reference Item Condition 2.10 (Definitions applicable to Credit 
Linked Notes) and in particular, notwithstanding that the obligation is not an obligation of the 
Reference Entity. 
For the avoidance of doubt with respect to any LPN Reference Obligation that specifies an 
Underlying Loan or an Underlying Finance Instrument, the outstanding principal balance shall 
be determined by reference to the Underlying Loan or Underlying Finance Instrument (as 
applicable) relating to such LPN Reference Obligation. 
The Not Subordinated Obligation Characteristic and Deliverable Obligation Characteristic 
shall be construed by reference to the Prior Reference Obligation; 
(iv) 
the definition of Reference Obligation shall be deleted and the following substituted therefor: 
““Reference Obligation” means, as of the Trade Date, each of the obligations listed as a 
Reference Obligation of the Reference Entity in the relevant Issue Terms or set forth on the 
relevant LPN Reference Obligations List (each a “Markit Published LPN Reference 
Obligation”), as published by Markit Group Limited, or any successor thereto, as of the Trade 
Date, any Additional LPN and each Additional Obligation.”; and 
(v) 
the following additional definitions shall apply: 
“Additional LPN” means any bond issued in the form of a loan participation note (a “LPN”) 
by an entity (the “LPN Issuer”) for the sole purpose of providing funds for the LPN Issuer to 
(a) finance a loan to the Reference Entity (the “Underlying Loan”) or (b) provide finance to 
the Reference Entity by way of a deposit, loan or other Borrowed Money instrument (the 
“Underlying Finance Instrument”), provided that (i) either (x) in the event that there is an 
Underlying Loan with respect to such LPN the Underlying Loan satisfies the Obligation 
Characteristics specified in respect of the Reference Entity or (y) in the event that there is an 
Underlying Finance Instrument with respect to such LPN the Underlying Finance Instrument 
satisfies the Not Subordinated, Not Domestic Law and Not Domestic Currency Obligation 
Characteristics (ii) the LPN satisfies the following Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Transferable, Not Bearer, Credit Linked Specified Currency – Standard Specified Currencies, 
Not Domestic Law, Not Domestic Issuance; and (iii) the LPN Issuer has, as of the issue date 
of such obligation, granted a First Ranking Interest over or in respect of certain of its rights in 
relation to the relevant Underlying Loan or Underlying Finance Instrument (as applicable) for 
the benefit of the holders of the LPNs. 
“Additional Obligation” means each of the obligations listed as an Additional Obligation of 
the Reference Entity in the relevant Issue Terms or set forth on the relevant LPN Reference 
Obligations List (each a “Markit Published LPN Reference Obligation”), as published by 
Markit Group Limited, or any successor thereto, as of the Trade Date. 
“First Ranking Interest” means a charge, security interest (or other type of interest having 
similar effect) (an “Interest”), which is expressed as being “first ranking”, “first priority”, or 
similar (“First Ranking”) in the document creating such Interest (notwithstanding that such

--- Page 328 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-105 
 
 
Interest may not be First Ranking under any insolvency laws of any related insolvency 
jurisdiction of the LPN Issuer). 
“LPN Reference Obligation” means each Reference Obligation other than any Additional 
Obligation. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any change to the issuer of an LPN Reference Obligation in 
accordance with its terms shall not prevent such LPN Reference Obligation constituting a 
Reference Obligation. 
Each LPN Reference Obligation is issued for the sole purpose of providing funds for the Issuer 
to finance a loan to the Reference Entity.  For the purposes of the Reference Item Conditions 
each such loan shall be an Underlying Loan. 
2.16. 
Amendment of Terms and Conditions 
The Calculation Agent may from time to time amend any provision of these Terms and Conditions (i) 
to incorporate and/or reflect (a) further or alternative documents or protocols from time to time 
published by ISDA with respect to the settlement of credit derivative transactions and/or (b) the 
operation or application of determinations by the ISDA Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees and/or (ii) in any manner which the Calculation Agent determines in a commercially 
reasonable manner is necessary or desirable to reflect or account for market practice for credit 
derivative transactions and/or reflect or account for a Hedge Disruption Event.  Any amendment made 
in accordance with this Reference Item Condition 2.16 shall be notified to the Noteholders in 
accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
2.17. 
Early redemption of Reference Obligation Only Notes following a Substitution Event 
If the Notes are Reference Obligation Only Notes relating to a single Reference Entity and the event 
set out in paragraph (i) of the definition of “Substitution Event” above occurs with respect to the 
Reference Obligation, then: 
(i) 
notwithstanding any provision of the Interest Payout Conditions, no interest shall be paid on 
any Interest Payment Date following the relevant Substitution Event Date or, if no Interest 
Payment Date has occurred, no interest will be paid on the Credit-Linked Notes; and 
(ii) 
each Credit Linked Note will be redeemed by the Issuer at its relevant Reference Obligation 
Only Termination Amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the relevant 
Issue Terms in the Specified Currency on the Maturity Date, which for the purposes of this 
Reference Item Condition 2.17 shall be the day falling five Business Days following the 
relevant Substitution Event Date. 
2.18. 
DC Resolution Adjustment Events 
If following the publication of a DC Resolution (the “Prior DC Resolution”), a further DC Resolution 
(the relevant “Further DC Resolution”) is published the effect of which would be to reverse all or 
part of the Prior DC Resolution or if any DC Resolution would reverse any determination made by the 
Calculation Agent and/or the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date, notwithstanding any 
other provisions of these Reference Item Conditions the Calculation Agent may, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, make any adjustment(s) that the Calculation Agent determines is necessary or 
desirable to the General Conditions or these Reference Item Conditions to reflect the publication of 
such Further DC Resolution or DC Resolution, including, without limitation, as a result of the impact 
or effect of such Further DC Resolution or DC Resolution on the Issuer’s Hedging Arrangements.

--- Page 329 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-106 
 
 
2.19. 
Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Provisions 
If this Reference Item Condition 2.19 is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms in respect 
of a Reference Entity, the following provisions will apply: 
(i) 
The definition of “Failure to Pay” shall be deleted and replaced with the following:  
“Failure to Pay means, after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the 
satisfaction of any conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), the 
failure by the Reference Entity to make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate 
amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more Obligations, in 
accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure provided that, if an 
occurrence that would constitute a Failure to Pay (a) is a result of a redenomination that occurs 
as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority which is of general application in the 
jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (b) a freely available market rate of 
conversion existed at the time of the redenomination, then such occurrence will be deemed 
not to constitute a Failure to Pay unless the redenomination itself constituted a reduction in 
the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium payable (as determined by reference to 
such freely available market rate of conversion) at the time of such redenomination. If “Credit 
Deterioration Requirement” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, then, 
notwithstanding the foregoing, it shall not constitute a Failure to Pay if such failure does not 
directly or indirectly either result from, or result in, a deterioration in the creditworthiness or 
financial condition of the Reference Entity. In the event that the Calculation Agent makes any 
such determination, it may take into account the guidance note set out in paragraph 3 
(Interpretive Guidance) of the ISDA 2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Supplement to the 
2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (published on July 15, 2019).”. 
(ii) 
The definition of “Outstanding Principal Balance” shall be deleted and replaced with 
the following 
“Outstanding Principal Balance means the outstanding principal balance of an obligation 
which will be calculated as follows: 
(A) 
first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the Reference Entity’s 
principal payment obligations and, where applicable in accordance with the definition 
of Accrued Interest above, the Reference Entity’s accrued but unpaid interest payment 
obligations (which, in the case of a Guarantee will be the lower of (i) the Outstanding 
Principal Balance (including accrued but unpaid interest, where applicable) of the 
Underlying Obligation (determined as if references to the Reference Entity were 
references to the Underlying Obligor) and (ii) the amount of the Fixed Cap, if any);  
(B) 
second, by subtracting all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms 
of the obligation, (i) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (ii) may otherwise be 
reduced as a result of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an 
event or circumstance (other than by way of (A) payment or (B) a Permitted 
Contingency) (the amount determined in accordance with paragraph (a) above less 
any amounts subtracted in accordance with this paragraph (b), the Non-Contingent 
Amount); and 
(C) 
third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, which shall then constitute the 
Outstanding Principal Balance, 
in each case, determined:

--- Page 330 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-107 
 
 
(D) 
unless otherwise specified, in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect on 
either (A) such date as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate taking into 
account the Hedging Arrangements or (B) the relevant Valuation Date; and  
(E) 
with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any applicable 
laws (insofar as such laws reduce or discount the size of the claim to reflect the 
original issue price or accrued value of the obligation). 
For the purposes of paragraph (E) above, applicable laws shall include any bankruptcy or 
insolvency law or other law affecting creditors’ rights to which the relevant obligation is, or 
may become, subject.  
If “Fallback Discounting” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, then, 
notwithstanding the above, if (i) the Outstanding Principal Balance of an obligation is not 
reduced or discounted under paragraph (ii) above, (ii) that obligation is either a Bond that has 
an issue price less than ninety-five per cent of the principal redemption amount or a Loan 
where the amount advanced is less than ninety-five per cent of the principal repayment 
amount, and (iii) such Bond or Loan does not include provisions relating to the accretion over 
time of the amount which would be payable on an early redemption or repayment of such 
Bond or Loan that are customary for the applicable type of Bond or Loan as the case may be, 
then the Outstanding Principal Balance of such Bond or Loan shall be the lesser of (a) the 
Non-Contingent Amount; and (b) an amount determined by straight line interpolation between 
the issue price of the Bond or the amount advanced under the Loan and the principal 
redemption amount or principal repayment amount, as applicable. 
For the purposes of determining whether the issue price of a Bond or the amount advanced 
under a Loan is less than ninety-five per cent of the principal redemption amount or principal 
repayment amount (as applicable) or, where applicable, for applying straight line 
interpolation: 
(x) 
where such Bond or Loan was issued as a result of an exchange offer, the issue price 
or amount advanced of the new Bond or Loan resulting from the exchange shall be 
deemed to be equal to the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the original 
obligation(s) that were tendered or exchanged (the Original Obligation(s)) at the 
time of such exchange (determined without regard to market or trading value of the 
Original Obligation(s)); and  
(y) 
in the case of a Bond or Loan that is fungible with a prior debt obligation previously 
issued by the Reference Entity, such Bond or Loan shall be treated as having the same 
issue price or amount advanced as the prior debt obligation. 
In circumstances where a holder would have received more than one obligation in exchange 
for the Original Obligation(s), the Calculation Agent will determine the allocation of the 
aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Original Obligation(s) amongst each of the 
resulting obligations for the purpose of determining the issue price or amount advanced of the 
relevant Bond or Loan. Such allocation will take into account the interest rate, maturity, level 
of subordination and other terms of the obligations that resulted from the exchange and shall 
be made by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the methodology (if any) determined by 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee.”.

--- Page 331 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-108 
 
 
2.20. 
Provisions taken from the ISDA supplement titled “Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred 
Reference Obligations” (published on 8 December 2017) 
If this Reference Item Condition 2.20 is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms respect of 
a Reference Entity, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Reference Item Condition 2, the 
following provisions will apply to the Reference Entity: 
(i) 
The definition of “Reference Obligation” is amended by the insertion of the following 
language after the words “if any” in the first line of such definition: 
“provided that, irrespective of any Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms, if (i) a Senior Non-Preferred Level Standard Reference Obligation 
of the Reference Entity is specified on the SRO List, such Standard Reference Obligation shall 
be deemed to constitute the Reference Obligation, or (ii) no such Senior Non-Preferred Level 
Standard Reference Obligation of the Reference Entity is specified on the SRO List but such 
Standard Reference Obligation has previously been specified on the SRO List, there shall be 
deemed to be no Reference Obligation applicable to the Credit Linked Notes and such 
previously specified Senior Non-Preferred Level Standard Reference Obligation of the 
Reference Entity shall be deemed to constitute the Prior Reference Obligation”. 
(ii) 
The definition of “Seniority Level” in Reference Item Condition 2.10 (Definitions applicable 
to Credit Linked Notes) shall be deleted and replaced with the following: 
Seniority Level means, with respect to an obligation of the Reference Entity, Senior Non-
Preferred Level. 
(iii) 
“Subordination” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term under the definition of 
Obligation in Reference Item Condition 2.10 (Definitions applicable to Credit Linked Notes) 
and such term shall be applied in the assessment of any Obligation without regard to how the 
Obligation is described by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, including any characterisation 
of the Obligation as senior or unsubordinated by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction.  
(iv) 
The following terms shall have the following meanings: 
Senior Non-Preferred Obligation means any obligation of the Reference Entity which is 
Subordinated only to any unsubordinated Borrowed Money Obligations of the Reference 
Entity but not further or otherwise, or which would be so Subordinated if any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money Obligations of the Reference Entity existed, and which ranks above 
Traditional Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity or which would so rank if any 
Traditional Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity existed. A Senior-Non Preferred 
Obligation shall constitute a Subordinated Obligation for the purposes of Reference Item 
Condition 2 and it shall be deemed that there is a relevant Reference Obligation which is a 
Subordinated Obligation for the purposes of the definitions of “Excluded Obligation” and 
“Relevant Obligation” in this Reference Item Condition 2; 
Traditional Subordinated Obligation means, (i) Tier 2 Subordinated Obligations of the 
Reference Entity; (ii) any obligations of the Reference Entity which rank or are expressed to 
rank pari passu with any Tier 2 Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity; and (iii) 
any obligations of the Reference Entity which are Subordinated to the obligations thereto 
described in (i) and (ii) above shall each (without limitation) constitute Traditional 
Subordinated Obligations in respect of a Senior Non-Preferred Obligation. A Traditional 
Subordinated Obligation shall constitute a Further Subordinated Obligation for the purposes 
of the definition of Further Subordinated Obligation in Reference Item Condition 2.10 
(Definitions applicable to Credit Linked Notes); and

--- Page 332 ---
CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-109 
 
 
Tier 2 Subordinated Obligation means, any obligation of the Reference Entity which meets 
the conditions set out in Article 63 of Regulation 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 26 June 2013, as such Article may be amended or replaced from time to time 
(the “CRR”) or which are (or were at any time) otherwise eligible as a Tier 2 item in 
accordance with the CRR. 
(v) 
The Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, will constitute a 
Subordinated Obligation.

--- Page 333 ---
INFLATION-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-110 
 
 
REFERENCE ITEM SCHEDULE 3 
INFLATION-LINKED NOTES 
3. 
Inflation-Linked Notes 
3.1. 
Applicability 
This Reference Item Schedule 3 (Inflation-Linked Notes) is applicable only in relation to Notes which 
are specified to be “Inflation-Linked Interest Notes” and/or “Inflation-Linked Redemption Notes” 
(each, “Inflation-Linked Notes”) in the relevant Issue Terms. 
3.2. 
Adjustments 
(i) 
Delay in Publication 
(a) 
If the Calculation Agent determines, in respect of an Inflation Index and a Payment 
Date, that the level of such Inflation Index for a Reference Month (a “Reference 
Level”) which is relevant to the calculation of a payment under the Notes in respect 
of such Payment Date (a “Relevant Level”) has not been published or announced by 
the Relevant Determination Date for such Payment Date, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the level of such Inflation Index for such Reference Month (a “Substitute 
Inflation Index Level”) in place of such Relevant Level by using the following 
methodology: 
(A) 
if applicable, the Calculation Agent will take the same action to determine the 
Substitute Inflation Index Level for the Affected Payment Date as that taken 
by the calculation agent pursuant to the terms and conditions of any relevant 
Related Bond; or 
(B) 
if there is no Fallback Bond or if (a) above does not result in a Substitute 
Inflation Index Level for the Affected Payment Date for any reason, then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the Substitute Inflation Index Level by 
reference to the following formula: 
 
 
or, in respect of Exempt Notes, otherwise in accordance with any formula or 
provisions specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement. 
where: 
“Base Level” means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the level of such Inflation Index 
(excluding any “flash” estimates) published or announced by the relevant Inflation 
Index Sponsor in respect of the month which is 12 calendar months prior to the month 
for which the Substitute Inflation Index Level is being determined. 
“Latest Level” means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the latest level of such 
Inflation Index (excluding any “flash” estimates) published or announced by the 
relevant Inflation Index Sponsor prior to the month in respect of which the Substitute 
Inflation Index Level is being determined.

--- Page 334 ---
INFLATION-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-111 
 
 
“Reference Level” means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the level of such Inflation 
Index (excluding any “flash” estimates) published or announced by the relevant 
Inflation Index Sponsor in respect of the month that is 12 calendar months prior to the 
month referred to in the definition of “Latest Level” above. 
The Issuer shall promptly give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with General 
Condition 15 (Notices) of any Substitute Inflation Index Level. 
(b) 
If a Relevant Level in respect of a Payment Date is published or announced at any 
time after the Relevant Determination Date for such Payment Date, such Relevant 
Level will not be used in any calculations. The Substitute Inflation Index Level 
determined pursuant to Reference Item Condition 3.2(i)(a) (Delay in Publication) 
above will be the definitive level for that Reference Month. 
(ii) 
Cessation of Publication 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the level of an Inflation Index has not been published 
or announced for two consecutive months or such other period as is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms (the “Period of Cessation of Publication”) and/or the relevant Inflation Index 
Sponsor announces that it will no longer continue to publish or announce such Inflation Index 
then the Calculation Agent shall determine a successor inflation index (a “Successor Inflation 
Index”) (in lieu of the relevant previously applicable Inflation Index) for the purposes of the 
Notes by using the following methodology: 
(a) 
if at any time (other than after an Inflation Index Cancellation) a successor inflation 
index has been designated in respect of an Inflation Index by the calculation agent 
pursuant to the terms and conditions of any relevant Related Bond, such successor 
inflation index shall be designated the “Successor Inflation Index” for such Inflation 
Index for the purposes of all subsequent Payment Dates, notwithstanding that any 
other Successor Inflation Index may previously have been determined pursuant to 
sub-paragraphs (b) or (c) below; 
(b) 
if a Successor Inflation Index is not determined pursuant to paragraph (a) above and 
no Inflation Index Cancellation has occurred and a notice has been given or an 
announcement has been made by the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor specifying that 
such Inflation Index will be superseded by a replacement inflation index specified by 
the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor and the Calculation Agent determines that such 
replacement Inflation Index is calculated and announced using the same or 
substantially similar formula or method of calculation as used in the calculation of the 
previously applicable Inflation Index, such replacement inflation index shall be the 
“Successor Inflation Index” for such Inflation Index for the purposes of the Notes 
from the date that such Successor Inflation Index comes into effect; or 
(c) 
if a Successor Inflation Index is not determined pursuant to paragraphs (a) or (b) above 
by the Relevant Determination Date in respect of the next succeeding Affected 
Payment Date, the Calculation Agent will determine an appropriate alternative 
inflation index for such Affected Payment Date and such inflation index will be 
deemed to be the “Successor Inflation Index” for such Inflation Index. 
If a Successor Inflation Index is determined in accordance with the above, the Calculation 
Agent may make such adjustment(s) to the terms of the Terms and Conditions and/or the 
relevant Issue Terms as the Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to account 
for such replacement and determine the effective date(s) of the adjustment(s) to the Notes.

--- Page 335 ---
INFLATION-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-112 
 
 
If the Calculation Agent determines that there is no appropriate alternative inflation index, 
there will be deemed to be no Successor Inflation Index for such Inflation Index (an “Inflation 
Index Cancellation”) and, on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with General 
Condition 15 (Notices), the Issuer shall redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes, each 
nominal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount being redeemed at the Early 
Redemption Amount together with, if so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, accrued 
interest. 
Notice of the determination of a Successor Inflation Index and the date from which such 
inflation index becomes the Successor Inflation Index and any relevant adjustment(s) to the 
terms of the Terms and Conditions and/or the relevant Issue Terms or any Inflation Index 
Cancellation will be given to Noteholders by the Issuer in accordance with General Condition 
15 (Notices). 
(iii) 
Revised Inflation Index Levels and Manifest Error in Publication 
(a) 
In relation to an Inflation Index, either (i) the first publication and announcement of a 
level of such Inflation Index for a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and 
later revisions to the level for such Reference Month will not be used in any 
calculations (“No Revision”) or (ii) the first publication or announcement of a level 
of such Inflation Index, or, if revised, any subsequent revisions of such level for a 
Reference Month shall be final and conclusive, PROVIDED THAT such revisions 
are published or announced up to and including the relevant Revision Cut-off Date 
(“Revision”), as specified in the relevant Issue Terms PROVIDED THAT if neither 
“No Revision” nor “Revision” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, “No Revision” 
shall be deemed to apply for such Inflation Index. 
(b) 
If, in respect of a Payment Date and a Relevant Level in respect of such Payment 
Date, the Calculation Agent determines that the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor has 
corrected such Relevant Level to remedy a manifest error in its original publication, 
prior to the earlier of thirty days following publication of such Relevant Level and the 
Manifest Error Cut-off Date for such Payment Date the Calculation Agent may use 
such corrected Relevant Level to calculate any payments under the Notes in respect 
of such Payment Date. Corrections published on or after the earlier of thirty days 
following publication of such Relevant Level and the Manifest Error Cut-off Date for 
such Payment Date will be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of 
determining any payments under the Notes. 
(iv) 
Rebasing 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Inflation Index has been or will be rebased at any 
time, such Inflation Index as so rebased (the “Rebased Inflation Index”) will be used for 
purposes of determining any Relevant Level in respect of such Inflation Index from the date 
of such rebasing; provided, however, that the Calculation Agent shall make (A) such 
adjustments as are made by the calculation agent pursuant to the terms and conditions of any 
relevant Related Bond to the levels of such Rebased Inflation Index so that such Rebased 
Inflation Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as the Inflation Index before it was 
rebased and/or (B) if there is no Related Bond, the Calculation Agent shall make such 
adjustments to the levels of such Rebased Inflation Index so that such Rebased Inflation Index 
levels reflect the same rate of inflation as the relevant Inflation Index before it was rebased 
and, in each case, the Issuer may make such adjustment(s) to the terms of the Terms and 
Conditions and/or the relevant Issue Terms as the Calculation Agent determines necessary or 
appropriate to account for such rebasing and determine the effective date of the adjustment(s) 
to the Notes.

--- Page 336 ---
INFLATION-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-113 
 
 
Notice of any adjustment, early redemption or determination pursuant to this Reference Item 
Condition 3.2(iv) shall be given to Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 15 
(Notices). 
(v) 
Material Modification Prior to Payment Date 
If, on or prior to the Relevant Determination Date in respect of any Payment Date, an Inflation 
Index Sponsor announces that it will make a material change to an Inflation Index, the 
Calculation Agent shall (A) make appropriate adjustment(s) to the terms of the Terms and 
Conditions and/or the relevant Issue Terms, consistent with any adjustments made to any 
relevant Related Bond as the Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to 
account for such change to such Inflation Index and determine the effective date(s) of the 
adjustment(s) to the Notes, or (B) if there is no relevant Related Bond make only those 
adjustments to the Terms and Conditions and/or the relevant Issue Terms as the Calculation 
Agent determines necessary for the modified Inflation Index to continue as an Inflation Index. 
Notice of any adjustment, early redemption or determination pursuant to this Reference Item 
Condition 3.2(v) shall be given to Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 15 
(Notices). 
3.3. 
Definitions 
“Affected Payment Date” means each Payment Date in respect of which an Inflation Index has not 
been published or announced by the Relevant Determination Date for such Payment Date. 
“End Date” means, in respect of a Fallback Bond, the date specified for such Fallback Bond in the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
“Fallback Bond” means, in respect of an Inflation Index, a bond selected by the Calculation Agent 
and issued by the government of the country to whose level of inflation the relevant Inflation Index 
relates and which pays a coupon or redemption amount which is calculated by reference to such 
Inflation Index, with a maturity date which falls on (a) the same day as the End Date as specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms, (b) the next longest maturity after the End Date if there is no such bond 
maturing on the End Date, or (c) the next shortest maturity before the End Date if no bond defined in 
(a) or (b) is selected by the Calculation Agent. If the relevant Inflation Index relates to the level of 
inflation across the European Monetary Union, the Calculation Agent will select an inflation-linked 
bond that is a debt obligation of one of the governments (but not any government agency) of France, 
Italy, Germany or Spain and which pays a coupon or redemption amount which is calculated by 
reference to the level of inflation in the European Monetary Union. In each case, the Calculation Agent 
will select the Fallback Bond from those inflation linked bonds issued on or before the Issue Date and, 
if there is more than one inflation-linked bond maturing on the same date, the Fallback Bond shall be 
selected by the Calculation Agent from those bonds. If the Fallback Bond redeems, the Calculation 
Agent will select a new Fallback Bond on the same basis, but selected from all eligible bonds in issue 
at the time the original Fallback Bond redeems (including any bond for which the redeemed bond is 
exchanged). 
“Index Sponsor” means, in relation to an Inflation Index, the entity that publishes or announces 
(directly or through an agent) the level of such Inflation Index. 
“Inflation Index” means the inflation index specified in the relevant Issue Terms or any Successor 
Inflation Index as nominated pursuant to this Reference Item Schedule 3 (Inflation-Linked Notes). 
“Manifest Error Cut-off Date” means, in respect of a Payment Date, two Business Days prior to 
such Payment Date, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms.

--- Page 337 ---
INFLATION-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-114 
 
 
“Payment Date” means each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or if none is so 
specified, each Interest Payment Date (if any) and/or the Maturity Date, as the case may be. 
“Reference Month” means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the calendar month for which the level 
of such Inflation Index was reported, regardless of when this information is published or announced. 
If the period for which the Inflation Index level was reported is a period other than a month, the 
Reference Month shall be the period for which the Inflation Index level was reported. 
“Reference Price” means, in relation to an Inflation Index and a Relevant Determination Date, unless, 
in respect of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement provides otherwise, an amount (expressed 
as a percentage) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
Where: 
“Relevant Levelt” means, in respect of a Relevant Determination Date, the level of the Inflation Index 
for the Reference Month falling the Number of Months (t) specified in the relevant Issue Terms prior 
to the month during which such Relevant Determination Date falls; and 
“Relevant Levelt-α” means, in respect of a Relevant Determination Date, the level of the Inflation 
Index for the Reference Month falling the Number of Months (t - α) specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms prior to the month during which such Relevant Determination Date falls; 
“Related Bond” means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the bond specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms or, if no bond is so specified, the Fallback Bond. If the relevant Related Bond specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms is “Fallback Bond”, then, for any Related Bond determination, the 
Calculation Agent shall use the Fallback Bond. If “Related Bond: Not Applicable” or no Related Bond 
is specified in the relevant Issue Terms and “Fallback Bond: Not Applicable” is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms there will be no Related Bond. If a bond is selected as the Related Bond in the 
relevant Issue Terms and that bond redeems or matures before the relevant End Date, unless “Fallback 
Bond: Not Applicable” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Calculation Agent shall use the 
Fallback Bond for any Related Bond determination. 
“Relevant Determination Date” means, in respect of a Payment Date, a Valuation Date, each relevant 
date specified in the relevant Issue Terms and designated as such in the relevant Payout Schedule or, 
in respect of Exempt Notes, any other relevant date specified as such in the relevant Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be. 
“Revision Cut-off Date” means, in respect of an Inflation Index and a level of such Inflation Index 
for a Reference Month, the day that is two Business Days prior to any relevant Payment Date or such 
other cut-off date as is specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Valuation Date” means each relevant date specified in the relevant Issue Terms (or, if none are so 
specified and in respect of a Payment Date, the date falling five Business Days prior to such Payment 
Date) and designated as such in the relevant Payout Schedule or, in respect of Exempt Notes, in the 
relevant Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 338 ---
INDEX-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-115 
 
 
REFERENCE ITEM SCHEDULE 4 
INDEX-LINKED NOTES 
4. 
Index-Linked Notes 
4.1. 
Applicability 
This Reference Item Schedule 4 (Index-Linked Notes) is applicable only in relation to Notes which are 
specified to be “Index-Linked Interest Notes” and/or “Index-Linked Redemption Notes” (each, 
“Index-Linked Notes”) in the relevant Issue Terms. 
4.2. 
Adjustments to an Index 
(i) 
If an Index is (a) not calculated and announced by or on behalf of the Index Sponsor but is 
calculated and announced by or on behalf of a successor to the Index Sponsor (a “Successor 
Index Sponsor”) acceptable to the Calculation Agent or (b) replaced by a successor index 
using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar 
formula for and method of calculation as used in the calculation of that Index, then, in each 
case, that index (the “Successor Index”) will be deemed to be the Index. 
(ii) 
If (a) on or prior to a Relevant Determination Date the relevant Index Sponsor or (if applicable) 
the Successor Index Sponsor makes or announces that it will make a material change in the 
formula for or the method of calculating an Index or in any other way materially modifies that 
Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain that Index 
in the event of changes in Component Securities and capitalisation and other routine events) 
(an “Index Modification”) or permanently cancels that Index and no Successor Index exists 
(an “Index Cancellation”), or (b) on any Relevant Determination Date the Index Sponsor or 
(if applicable) the Successor Index Sponsor fails to calculate and announce that Index (an 
“Index Disruption” and, together with an Index Modification and an Index Cancellation, each 
an “Index Adjustment Event”), then the Issuer may take the action described in (A) or (B) 
below: 
(A) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine if such Index Adjustment Event has a 
material effect on the Notes and, if so, to either (A) in relation to any Relevant 
Determination Date, calculate the relevant level using, in lieu of a published level for 
that Index, the level for that Index as at the relevant time on that Relevant 
Determination Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
formula for and method of calculating that Index last in effect prior to that change, 
failure or cancellation but using only those Component Securities that comprised that 
Index immediately prior to that Index Adjustment Event (other than those Component 
Securities that have since ceased to be listed on any relevant Exchange) or (B) 
substitute the Index with a replacement index using, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar method of calculation as used 
in the calculation of the Index (the “Substitute Index”) and the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the adjustments, if any, to be made to the Terms and Conditions to 
account for such substitution; or 
(B) 
give notice to the Holders in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices) and 
redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes, each principal amount of Notes equal to 
the Calculation Amount being redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount together 
with, if so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, accrued interest.

--- Page 339 ---
INDEX-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-116 
 
 
(iii) 
If “Correction of Index Levels” is specified as Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and the 
official closing level of an Index published on any Relevant Determination Date and which is 
utilised for any calculation or determination made in respect of the Notes is subsequently 
corrected and the correction (the “Corrected Index Level”) is published by the Index Sponsor 
or (if applicable) the Successor Index Sponsor prior to the relevant Correction Cut-Off Date 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, then such Corrected Index Level shall be deemed to be 
the relevant level for such Index at the relevant time on such Relevant Determination Date 
and the Calculation Agent shall use such Corrected Index Level in determining the relevant 
amount payable in respect of the Notes. 
(iv) 
Upon the occurrence of an Index Adjustment Event, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to Holders in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices) giving details of the 
action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. Without limiting the obligation of the Issuer to 
give notice to the Holders as set forth in the preceding sentence, failure by the Issuer to notify 
the Holders of the occurrence of an Index Adjustment Event shall not affect the validity of the 
occurrence and effect of such Index Adjustment Event. 
4.3. 
Additional provisions relating to Commodity Indices 
If, in the case of Exempt Notes, an Index is specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement to be a 
“Commodity Index”, additional provisions relating thereto may be set out in the relevant Pricing 
Supplement. 
4.4. 
Definitions 
The following expressions have the following meanings in the context of Index-Linked Notes only: 
“Bermudan Observation Price” means, in relation to an Index and a Bermudan Observation Date, 
the Reference Price for such Index on such Bermudan Observation Date; 
“Component Security” means, in relation to an Index, each security, commodity, futures contract or 
other security or asset comprising such Index; 
“Disrupted Day” means, in relation to an Index: 
(i) 
where such Index is not specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being a Designated Multi-
Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day for such Index on which a relevant Exchange or 
any Related Exchange for such Index fails to open for trading during its regular trading session 
or on which a Market Disruption Event in respect of such Index has occurred; or 
(ii) 
where such Index is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being a Designated 
Multi-Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day for such Index on which (a) the relevant 
Index Sponsor fails to publish the level of such Index, (b) any Related Exchange for such 
Index fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or (c) a Market Disruption 
Event in respect of such Index has occurred. 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Holders in accordance with 
General Condition 15 (Notices) of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any Relevant Determination 
Date that, but for the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, would have been a Relevant Determination Date. 
Without limiting the obligation of the Calculation Agent to give notice to the Holders as set forth in 
the preceding sentence, failure by the Calculation Agent to notify the Holders of the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day shall not affect the validity of the occurrence and effect of such Disrupted Day;

--- Page 340 ---
INDEX-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-117 
 
 
“Exchange” means, in relation to an Index: 
(i) 
where such Index is not specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being a Designated Multi- 
Exchange Index, each exchange or quotation system specified as such for such Index in the 
relevant Issue Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute 
exchange or quotation system to which trading in the Component Securities comprising such 
Index has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there 
is comparable liquidity relative to the Component Securities comprising such Index on such 
temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange); or 
(ii) 
where such Index is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being a Designated 
Multi-Exchange Index, in relation to each Component Security of that Index, the principal 
stock exchange on which such Component Security is principally traded, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. Where “Principal Exchanges” is specified as the Exchange for a 
Designated Multi-Exchange Index in the relevant Issue Terms, this sub-paragraph (ii) shall be 
deemed to apply; 
“Exchange Business Day” means, in relation to an Index: 
(i) 
where such Index is not specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being a Designated Multi-
Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day for such Index on which each Exchange and 
each Related Exchange for such Index are open for trading during their respective regular 
trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time; or 
(ii) 
where such Index is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being a Designated 
Multi-Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day for such Index on which (a) the relevant 
Index Sponsor publishes the level of such Index and (b) each Related Exchange for such Index 
for such Index is open for trading during its regular trading session, notwithstanding any such 
Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time; 
“Indices” and “Index” mean, subject to adjustment in accordance with Reference Item Condition 4.2 
(Adjustments to an Index), the indices or index specified in the relevant Issue Terms and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly; 
“Index Sponsor” means, in relation to an Index, the corporation or other entity that (i) is responsible 
for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if 
any, related to such Index and (ii) announces (directly or through an agent) the level of such Index on 
a regular basis during each Scheduled Trading Day for such Index; 
“Market Disruption Event” means: 
(i) 
in relation to an Index other than a Designated Multi-Exchange Index:  
(a) 
the occurrence or existence at any time during the one-hour period that ends at the 
relevant Valuation Time of: 
(A) 
any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange 
or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in 
price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related 
Exchange or otherwise: 
(x) 
on any relevant Exchange(s) relating to Component Securities that 
comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the relevant Index; or

--- Page 341 ---
INDEX-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-118 
 
 
(y) 
in futures or options contracts relating to the relevant Index on any 
relevant Related Exchange; or 
(B) 
any event (other than an event described in (b) below) that disrupts or impairs 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in 
general (x) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, on any 
relevant Exchange(s) Component Securities that comprise 20 per cent. or 
more of the level of the relevant Index, or (y )to effect transactions in, or 
obtain market values for, futures or options contracts relating to the relevant 
Index on any relevant Related Exchange; or 
(b) 
the closure on any Exchange Business Day of any relevant Exchange(s) relating to 
Component Securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the relevant 
Index or any Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such 
earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s), 
as the case may be, at least one-hour prior to the earlier of (A) the actual closing time 
for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s) on 
such Exchange Business Day or, if earlier, (B) the submission deadline for orders to 
be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the 
Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day, 
which in any such case the Calculation Agent determines is material; or 
(ii) 
in relation to a Designated Multi-Exchange Index and a Component Security included in such 
Index either: 
(a) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of any Component Security, of: 
(A) 
a Trading Disruption in respect of such Component Security, which the 
Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one-hour 
period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange on 
which such Component Security is principally traded; 
(B) 
an Exchange Disruption in respect of such Component Security, which the 
Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one-hour 
period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange on 
which such Component Security is principally traded; or 
(C) 
an Early Closure in respect of such Component Security, which the 
Calculation Agent determines is material; and 
the aggregate of all Component Securities in respect of which a Trading Disruption, 
an Exchange Disruption or an Early Closure occurs or exists, comprises 20 per cent. 
or more of the level of the Index; or 
(b) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of futures or options contracts relating to the 
Index, of: (A) a Trading Disruption at any time during the one-hour period that ends 
at the Valuation Time in respect of any Related Exchange, (B) an Exchange 
Disruption at any time during the one-hour period that ends at the Valuation Time in 
respect of any Related Exchange or (C) an Early Closure, in each case in respect of 
such futures or options contracts and which the Calculation Agent determines is 
material.

--- Page 342 ---
INDEX-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-119 
 
 
As used above: 
“Early Closure” means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the Exchange in respect 
of any Component Security or any Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time 
unless such earlier closing is announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange, as the case 
may be, at least one-hour prior to the earlier of: (i) the actual closing time for the regular 
trading session on such Exchange or Related Exchange, as the case may be, on such Exchange 
Business Day; and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the relevant 
Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such 
Exchange Business Day; 
“Exchange Disruption” means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or 
impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general 
to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for: (i) any Component Security on the 
Exchange in respect of such Component Security; or (ii) futures or options contracts relating 
to the Index on any Related Exchange; and 
“Trading Disruption” means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the 
relevant Exchange or Related Exchange, as the case may be, or otherwise and whether by 
reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related 
Exchange or otherwise: (i) relating to any Component Security on the Exchange in respect of 
such Component Security; or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to the Index on any 
Related Exchange. 
For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event in respect of an Index or a 
Component Security exists at any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of a relevant 
Component Security at that time, then the relevant percentage contribution of that Component Security 
to the level of the Index shall be based on a comparison of (i) the portion of the level of the Index 
attributable to that Component Security and (ii) the overall level of the Index, in each case either (a) 
except where the Index is a Designated Multi-Exchange Index, immediately before the occurrence of 
such Market Disruption Event or (b) where the Index is a Designated Multi-Exchange Index, using 
the official opening weightings as published by the Index Sponsor as part of the market “opening 
data”. 
In determining what is “material”, the Calculation Agent shall have regard to such circumstances as it 
deems appropriate, which may include (but are not limited to) the Issuer’s hedging arrangements in 
respect of the Notes. 
“Observation Date” means, in relation to an Index and an Observation Period, each Scheduled 
Trading Day for such Index during such Observation Period; 
“Observation Period” means each relevant period specified in the relevant Issue Terms and 
designated as such in the relevant Payout Schedule or, in respect of Exempt Notes, in the relevant 
Pricing Supplement; 
“Observation Price” means, (1) where the Notes relate to a single Index or for the purposes of 
determining the Nth Performing Reference Item and in relation to an Index, an Observation Period 
and each Observation Date for such Index during such Observation Period, the level of such Index at 
any time during continuous trading hours on (i) in relation to an Index other than a Designated Multi-
Exchange Index, the Exchange for such Index or (ii) in relation to a Designated Multi-Exchange Index, 
the Related Exchange for such Index on each Observation Date during such Observation Period during 
which no event giving rise to a Disrupted Day in respect of such Index has occurred or is occurring 
or, (2) where the Notes relate to a Basket of Indices and in respect of an Index, an Observation Period 
and each Relevant Observation Date during such Observation Period, the level of such Index at any

--- Page 343 ---
INDEX-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-120 
 
 
time during continuous trading hours on (i) in relation to an Index other than a Designated Multi-
Exchange Index, the Exchange for such Index or (ii) in relation to a Designated Multi-Exchange Index, 
the Related Exchange for such Index. For these purposes “Relevant Observation Date” means a day 
that is an Observation Date for all Indices in the Basket and on which no event giving rise to a 
Disrupted Day in relation to any Index has occurred or is occurring at any time on such day. 
If one or more event(s) giving rise to a Disrupted Day in respect of an Index have occurred and/or 
occur during the entire Observation Period, the Observation Price for the entire Observation Period 
shall be as determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, having regard to the then prevailing 
market conditions, the last reported level of any relevant Index prior to the occurrence of the event(s) 
giving rise to a Disrupted Day and such other factors as the Calculation Agent considers relevant; 
“Reference Price” means, in relation to an Index and a Valuation Date, unless, in respect of Exempt 
Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement provides otherwise, an amount equal to the official closing 
level of such Index as determined by the Calculation Agent (or, if a Valuation Time other than the 
Scheduled Closing Time is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the level of such Index determined 
by the Calculation Agent at such Valuation Time) on that Valuation Date (as defined below); 
“Related Exchange” means, in relation to an Index, each exchange or quotation system specified as 
such for such Index in the relevant Issue Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system 
or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating 
to such Index has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there 
is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such Index on such 
temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange), provided 
that where “All Exchanges” is specified as the Related Exchange in the relevant Issue Terms, “Related 
Exchange” shall mean each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to 
such Index; 
“Relevant Determination Date” means an Observation Date, a Valuation Date, each relevant date 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms and designated as such in the relevant Payout Schedule or, in 
respect of Exempt Notes, any other relevant date specified as such in the relevant Pricing Supplement, 
as the case may be; 
“Scheduled Closing Time” means, in relation to an Index and an Exchange or Related Exchange and 
a Scheduled Trading Day for such Index, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or 
Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading 
outside of the regular trading session hours; 
“Scheduled Trading Day” means, in relation to an Index: 
(i) 
where such Index is not specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being a Designated Multi-
Exchange Index, any day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange for such Index 
are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading sessions; or 
(ii) 
where such Index is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being a Designated 
Multi-Exchange Index, (a) any day on which the relevant Index Sponsor is scheduled to 
publish the level of such Index and (b) each Related Exchange for such Index is scheduled to 
be open for trading for its regular trading session; 
“Scheduled Valuation Date” means, in relation to a Valuation Date, the original date that, but for the 
occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been that Valuation Date; 
“Trade Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms;

--- Page 344 ---
INDEX-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-121 
 
 
“Valid Date” means, in relation to an Index, a Scheduled Trading Day for such Index that is not a 
Disrupted Day in relation to such Index and on which another Valuation Date does not or is not deemed 
to occur; 
“Valuation Date” means each relevant date specified in the relevant Final Terms and designated as 
such in this Reference Item Schedule 4 (Index-Linked Notes), the relevant Payout Schedule or, in 
respect of Exempt Notes, in the relevant Pricing Supplement or, if any such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day for all of the Indices, the next following Scheduled Trading Day for all of the Indices 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day in relation to any of the 
Indices. If such day is a Disrupted Day in relation to any of the Indices then: 
(i) 
if “Postponement” is specified as Applicable to the relevant Valuation Date in the relevant 
Issue Terms or if none of “Postponement”, “Modified Postponement” or “Omission” is so 
specified: 
(A) 
where the Notes are specified in the relevant Issue Terms to relate to a single 
Index, that Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading 
Day for the Index that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the eight 
Scheduled Trading Days for the Index immediately following the relevant 
Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case (x) that eighth 
Scheduled Trading Day for the Index shall be deemed to be that Valuation 
Date notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day and (y) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the Reference Price by determining the 
level of the Index as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading 
Day in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating the Index 
last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the 
Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on that eighth 
Scheduled Trading Day of each Component Security comprised in the Index 
(or if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the 
relevant Component Security on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day, its good 
faith estimate of the value for the relevant Component Security as of the 
Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day); or 
(B) 
where the Notes are specified in the relevant Issue Terms to relate to a Basket 
of Indices, that Valuation Date for each Index not affected by the occurrence 
of a Disrupted Day shall be the relevant Scheduled Valuation Date and that 
Valuation Date for each Index affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day 
(each an “Affected Index”) shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading 
Day that is not a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Index, unless each of 
the eight Scheduled Trading Days for the Affected Index immediately 
following the relevant Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day relating 
to that Index. In that case, (x) that eighth Scheduled Trading Day shall be 
deemed to be that Valuation Date for the Affected Index, notwithstanding the 
fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (y) the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the Reference Price for the Affected Index by determining the level 
of that Index as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day 
in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating that Index last 
in effect prior to the occurrence of the Disrupted Day using the Exchange 
traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled 
Trading Day of each Component Security comprised in that Index (or, if an 
event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant 
Component Security on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith 
estimate of the value for the relevant Component Security as of the Valuation 
Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day); or

--- Page 345 ---
INDEX-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-122 
 
 
(ii) 
if “Modified Postponement” is specified as Applicable to the relevant Valuation Date in the 
relevant Issue Terms: 
(A) 
where the Notes relate to a single Index, that Valuation Date shall be the first 
succeeding Valid Date. If the first succeeding Valid Date has not occurred as 
of the Valuation Time on the eighth Scheduled Trading Day immediately 
following the final Scheduled Valuation Date relating to the relevant 
determination, as determined by the Calculation Agent, then (A) that eighth 
Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be that Valuation Date 
(irrespective of whether the eighth Scheduled Trading Day is already a 
Valuation Date), and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant 
level for that Valuation Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (i)(A)(y) 
above; and 
(B) 
where the Notes relate to a Basket of Indices, that Valuation Date for each 
Index not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the relevant 
Scheduled Valuation Date and that Valuation Date for each Index affected by 
the occurrence of a Disrupted Day (each an “Affected Index”) shall be the 
first succeeding Valid Date in relation to the Affected Index. If the first 
succeeding Valid Date in relation to the Affected Index has not occurred as 
of the Valuation Time on the eighth Scheduled Trading Day for the Affected 
Index immediately following the final Scheduled Valuation Date relating to 
the relevant determination, as determined by the Calculation Agent, then (A) 
that eighth Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be that Valuation Date 
(irrespective of whether that eighth Scheduled Trading Day is already a 
Valuation Date) in relation to such Affected Index, and (B) the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the relevant level for such Valuation Date in 
accordance with sub-paragraph (i)(B)(y) above; or 
(iii) 
if “Omission” is specified as Applicable to the relevant Valuation Date in the relevant Issue 
Terms, then such date will be deemed not to be a relevant Valuation Date for the purposes of 
the relevant determination provided that, if through the operation of this provision there would 
not be a relevant Valuation Date for the relevant determination, then the provisions of 
paragraph (i) above will apply for the purposes of determining the relevant level in respect of 
the final Scheduled Valuation Date for the relevant determination, as if such Valuation Date 
were a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day for any of the Indices; 
“Valuation Period” means each relevant period specified in the relevant Issue Terms and/or 
designated as such in the relevant Payout Schedule or, in respect of Exempt Notes, in the relevant 
Pricing Supplement; 
“Valuation Period Date” means, in respect of a Valuation Period, each of the dates specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms falling during such Valuation Period or, if no such dates are so specified:  
(i) 
where the Notes are specified in the relevant Issue Terms to relate to a single Index, each 
Scheduled Trading Day falling during such Valuation Period; and 
(ii) 
where the Notes are specified in the relevant Issue Terms to relate to a Basket of Indices, each 
day which is a Scheduled Trading Day for all the Indices falling during such Valuation Period,  
in each case, each such date being a “Valuation Date”; and 
“Valuation Time” means, in relation to an Index and:

--- Page 346 ---
INDEX-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-123 
 
 
(i) 
any Reference Price: 
(A) 
where such Index is not specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being a 
Designated Multi-Exchange Index, the time specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms or, if no Valuation Time is specified, the Scheduled Closing 
Time on the Exchange for such Index on the relevant Valuation Date. If the 
relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the 
specified Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular trading 
session, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time; or 
(B) 
where the Index is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being a Designated 
Multi-Exchange Index, the Valuation Time specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms or, if no Valuation Time is specified, (a) for the purposes of 
determining whether a Market Disruption Event in respect of such Index has 
occurred: (A) in respect of a Component Security, the Scheduled Closing 
Time on the relevant Exchange and (B) in respect of any options contracts or 
futures contracts on the Index, the close of trading on the relevant Related 
Exchange, and (b) in all other circumstances, the time at which the official 
closing level of the Index is calculated and published by the Index Sponsor; 
(ii) 
any Observation Price, the relevant time at which the level of such Index is being determined.

--- Page 347 ---
EQUITY-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-124 
 
 
REFERENCE ITEM SCHEDULE 5 
EQUITY-LINKED NOTES 
5. 
Equity-Linked Notes 
5.1. 
Applicability 
This Reference Item Schedule 5 (Equity-Linked Notes) is applicable only in relation to Notes which 
are specified to be “Equity-Linked Interest Notes” and/or “Equity-Linked Redemption Notes” (each, 
“Equity-Linked Notes”) in the relevant Issue Terms. 
5.2. 
Potential Adjustment Events, Extraordinary Events, Correction of Underlying Equity Prices and 
Adjustments for Equity-Linked Notes in respect of Underlying Equities quoted in European Currencies 
(i) 
If “Potential Adjustment Events” are specified as Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, then 
following the declaration by an Equity Issuer of the terms of any Potential Adjustment Event, 
the Calculation Agent will determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting, 
concentrative or other effect on the theoretical value of the Underlying Equities and, if so, will 
(a) make the corresponding adjustment, if any, to any of the terms of the Terms and Conditions 
as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for that diluting, concentrative or 
other effect (provided that no adjustments will be made to account solely for changes in 
volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant Underlying 
Equity) and (b) determine the effective date of that adjustment. The Calculation Agent may 
(but need not) determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect 
of such Potential Adjustment Event made by an options exchange to options on the Underlying 
Equities traded on that options exchange. 
Upon making any such adjustment, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the 
Holders in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices), describing the relevant 
adjustment and giving brief details of the Potential Adjustment Event. 
(ii) 
If “Extraordinary Events” are specified as Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and an 
Extraordinary Event occurs, in each case, in relation to an Underlying Equity, the Issuer may: 
(a) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be 
made to any of the terms of the Terms and Conditions to account for the relevant 
Extraordinary Event and determine the effective date of that adjustment. The relevant 
adjustments may include, without limitation, (i) in the case of Notes relating to a 
Basket of Underlying Equities only, the substitution of the Underlying Equity which 
is the subject of the relevant Extraordinary Event by another underlying equity 
selected by the Calculation Agent or the removal of such Underlying Equity or (ii) in 
the case of adjustments following a Merger Event or Tender Offer include, without 
limitation, adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock 
loan rate or liquidity relevant to the Underlying Equities; or 
(b) 
give notice to the Holders in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices) and 
redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes, each principal amount of Notes equal to 
the Calculation Amount being redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount together 
with, if so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, accrued interest. 
If the provisions of Reference Item Condition 5.2(ii)(a) apply, the Calculation Agent may (but 
need not) determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of

--- Page 348 ---
EQUITY-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-125 
 
 
the relevant Extraordinary Event, made by an options exchange to options on the Underlying 
Equities traded on that options exchange. 
Upon the occurrence (if applicable) of an Extraordinary Event, the Issuer shall give notice as 
soon as practicable to the Holders in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices) stating 
the occurrence of the relevant Extraordinary Event, giving details thereof and the action 
proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
(iii) 
If “Correction of Underlying Equity Prices” is specified as Applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms and the price of an Underlying Equity published on a Relevant Determination Date is 
subsequently corrected and the correction (the “Corrected Underlying Equity Price”) is 
published on the relevant Exchange prior to the relevant Correction Cut-Off Date specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms, then such Corrected Underlying Equity Price shall be deemed to be 
the relevant price for such Underlying Equity at the relevant time on that Relevant 
Determination Date and the Calculation Agent shall use such Corrected Underlying Equity 
Price in determining the relevant amount payable in respect of the Notes. 
(iv) 
In respect of Equity-Linked Notes relating to Underlying Equities originally quoted, listed 
and/or dealt as of the Trade Date in a currency of a Member State of the European Union that 
has not adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty on the functioning of the 
European Union, as amended, if such Underlying Equities are at any time after the Trade Date 
quoted, listed and/or dealt exclusively in euro on the relevant Exchange, then the Calculation 
Agent will adjust any of the terms of the Terms and Conditions as the Calculation Agent 
determines to be appropriate to preserve the economic terms of the Notes. The Calculation 
Agent will make any conversion necessary for the purposes of any such adjustment as of the 
Valuation Time at an appropriate mid-market spot rate of exchange determined by the 
Calculation Agent prevailing as of the relevant Valuation Time. No adjustments under this 
Reference Item Condition 5.2(iv), will affect the currency denomination of any payments in 
respect of the Notes. 
5.3. 
Definitions 
The following expressions have the following meanings in the context of Equity-Linked Notes only: 
“Bermudan Observation Price” means, in relation to an Underlying Equity and a Bermudan 
Observation Date, the Reference Price for such Underlying Equity on such Bermudan Observation 
Date; 
“De-Listing” means, in respect of any relevant Underlying Equities, the Exchange announces that 
pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, such Underlying Equities cease (or will cease) to be listed, 
traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer) 
and are not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system located 
in the same country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the European Union, in any 
Member State of the European Union); 
“Disrupted Day” means, in relation to an Underlying Equity, any Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Underlying Equity on which a relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange for such Underlying Equity 
fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on which a Market Disruption Event in 
respect of such Underlying Equity has occurred. 
The Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Holders in accordance with General Condition 
15 (Notices) of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any Relevant Determination Date that, but for 
the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, would have been a Relevant Determination Date. Without limiting 
the obligation of the Calculation Agent to give notice to the Holders as set forth in the preceding

--- Page 349 ---
EQUITY-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-126 
 
 
sentence, failure by the Calculation Agent to notify the Holders of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day 
shall not affect the validity of the occurrence and effect of such Disrupted Day; 
“Equity Issuer” means, in relation to an Underlying Equity, the issuer of such Underlying Equity; 
“Exchange” means, in relation to an Underlying Equity, each exchange or quotation system specified 
as such for such Underlying Equity in the relevant Issue Terms, any successor to such exchange or 
quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the Underlying 
Equity has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to such Underlying Equity on such temporary substitute exchange or 
quotation system as on the original Exchange); 
“Exchange Business Day” means, in relation to an Underlying Equity, any Scheduled Trading Day 
for such Underlying Equity on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange for such Underlying 
Equity are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such 
Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time; 
“Extraordinary Event” means a De-listing, a Merger Event, a Tender Offer, a Nationalisation or an 
Insolvency and (if applicable) any Additional Extraordinary Events specified in Reference Item 
Condition 5.4 (Provisions applicable to Underlying Equities which are specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms to be ETF Shares); 
“Insolvency” means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, 
insolvency, dissolution or winding-up of, or any analogous proceeding affecting, an Equity Issuer (i) 
all the Underlying Equities of that Equity Issuer are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator 
or other similar official or (ii) holders of the Underlying Equities of that Equity Issuer become legally 
prohibited from transferring them; 
“Market Disruption Event” means, in relation to an Underlying Equity: 
(i) 
the occurrence or existence at any time during the one-hour period that ends at the relevant 
Valuation Time of: 
(a) 
any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or 
Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price 
exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or 
otherwise: 
(A) 
relating to the Underlying Equity on the Exchange; or 
(B) 
in futures or options contracts relating to the Underlying Equity on any 
relevant Related Exchange; or 
(b) 
any event (other than an event described in (ii) below) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (A) 
to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Underlying Equities on the 
Exchange, or (B) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or 
options contracts relating to the relevant Underlying Equity on any relevant Related 
Exchange; or 
(ii) 
the closure on any Exchange Business Day of any relevant Exchange(s) or Related 
Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced 
by such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s), as the case may be, at least one-hour prior 
to (A) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or such

--- Page 350 ---
EQUITY-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-127 
 
 
Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day or if earlier (B) the submission deadline 
for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the 
Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day, 
which in any such case the Calculation Agent determines is material. 
In determining what is “material”, the Calculation Agent shall have regard to such circumstances as it 
deems appropriate, which may include (but are not limited to) the Issuer’s hedging arrangements in 
respect of the Notes. 
“Merger Date” means the closing date of a Merger Event or, where a closing date cannot be 
determined under the local law applicable to such Merger Event, such other date as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
“Merger Event” means, in respect of any relevant Underlying Equities, any (i) reclassification or 
change of such Underlying Equities that results in a transfer of, or an irrevocable commitment to 
transfer, all such Underlying Equities outstanding to another entity or person, (ii) consolidation, 
amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of an Equity Issuer with or into another entity or 
person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in which such 
Equity Issuer is the continuing entity and which does not result in any such reclassification or change 
of all such Underlying Equities outstanding), (iii) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, 
solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per 
cent. of the outstanding Underlying Equities of the Equity Issuer that results in a transfer of or an 
irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Underlying Equities (other than such Underlying Equities 
owned or controlled by such other entity or person), or (iv) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or 
binding share exchange of the Equity Issuer or its subsidiaries with or into another entity in which the 
Equity Issuer is the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all 
such Underlying Equities outstanding but results in the outstanding Underlying Equities (other than 
Underlying Equities owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event 
collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding Underlying Equities immediately 
following such event, in each case if the Merger Date is on or before the relevant Relevant 
Determination Date; 
“Nationalisation” means that all the Underlying Equities or all or substantially all the assets of an 
Equity Issuer are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any 
governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof; 
“Observation Date” means, in relation to an Underlying Equity and an Observation Period, each 
Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying Equity during such Observation Period; 
“Observation Period” means each relevant period specified in the relevant Issue Terms and 
designated as such in the relevant Payout Schedule or, in respect of Exempt Notes, in the relevant 
Pricing Supplement; 
“Observation Price” means, (1) where the Notes relate to a single Underlying Equity or for the 
purposes of determining the Nth Performing Reference Item and in relation to an Underlying Equity, 
an Observation Period and each Observation Date for such Underlying Equity during such Observation 
Period, the price of the Underlying Equity quoted on the relevant Exchange at any time during 
continuous trading hours on the Exchange for such Underlying Equity on each Observation Date 
during such Observation Period during which no event giving rise to a Disrupted Day in respect of 
such Underlying Equity has occurred or is occurring or, (2) where the Notes relate to a Basket of 
Underlying Equities and in respect of an Underlying Equity, an Observation Period and each Relevant 
Observation Date during such Observation Period, the price calculated for such Underlying Equity at 
any time during continuous trading hours on the Exchange for such Underlying Equity. For these

--- Page 351 ---
EQUITY-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-128 
 
 
purposes “Relevant Observation Date” means a day that is an Observation Date for all Underlying 
Equities in the Basket and on which no event giving rise to a Disrupted Day in relation to an 
Underlying Equity has occurred or is occurring at any time on such day. 
If one or more event(s) giving rise to a Disrupted Day in respect of an Underlying Equity have occurred 
and/or occur during the entire Observation Period, the Observation Price for the entire Observation 
Period shall be as determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, having regard to the then 
prevailing market conditions, the last reported price of any relevant Underlying Equity prior to the 
occurrence of the event(s) giving rise to a Disrupted Day and such other factors as the Calculation 
Agent considers relevant; 
“Potential Adjustment Event” means, in respect of any Underlying Equity and the related Equity 
Issuer other than an Underlying Equity which is specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be an ETF 
Share and its related Equity Issuer, any of the following: 
(i) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Underlying Equities (unless 
resulting in a Merger Event), or a free distribution or dividend of any such Underlying Equities 
to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(ii) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Underlying Equities of (a) 
such Underlying Equities or (b) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment 
of dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of an Equity Issuer equally or proportionately 
with such payments to holders of such Underlying Equities or (c) share capital or other 
securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the Equity Issuer as 
a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction or (d) any other type of securities, rights or 
warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (in cash or other consideration) at less than 
the prevailing market price as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(iii) 
an extraordinary dividend as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(iv) 
a call by an Equity Issuer in respect of relevant Underlying Equities that are not fully paid; 
(v) 
a repurchase by an Equity Issuer or any of its subsidiaries of relevant Underlying Equities 
whether out of profits or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, 
securities or otherwise; 
(vi) 
in respect of an Equity Issuer, an event that results in any shareholder rights being distributed 
or becoming separated from shares of common stock or other shares of the capital stock of 
such Equity Issuer, pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against 
hostile takeovers that provides upon the occurrence of certain events for a distribution of 
preferred stock, warrants, debt instruments or stock rights at a price below their market value 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that any adjustment effected as a result of 
such an event shall be readjusted upon any redemption of such rights; or 
(vii) 
any other event that has or may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting, 
concentrative or other effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Underlying Equities; 
“Reference Price” means, in relation to an Underlying Equity and a Valuation Date, unless, in respect 
of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement provides otherwise, an amount equal to the official 
closing price on that Valuation Date (or, if a Valuation Time other than the Scheduled Closing Time 
is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the price at such Valuation Time on that Valuation Date) of 
such Underlying Equity quoted on the relevant Exchange for such Underlying Equity as determined 
by the Calculation Agent;

--- Page 352 ---
EQUITY-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-129 
 
 
“Related Exchange” means, in relation to an Underlying Equity, each exchange or quotation system 
specified as such in relation to such Underlying Equity in the relevant Issue Terms, any successor to 
such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in 
futures or options contracts relating to such Underlying Equity has temporarily relocated (provided 
that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or 
options contracts relating to such Underlying Equity on such temporary substitute exchange or 
quotation system as on the original Related Exchange), provided that where “All Exchanges” is 
specified as the Related Exchange in the relevant Issue Terms, “Related Exchange” shall mean each 
exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to such Underlying Equity; 
“Relevant Determination Date” means an Observation Date, a Valuation Date, each relevant date 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms and designated as such in the relevant Payout Schedule or, in 
respect of Exempt Notes, any other relevant date specified as such in the relevant Pricing Supplement, 
as the case may be; 
“Scheduled Closing Time” means, in relation to an Underlying Equity and an Exchange or Related 
Exchange and a Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying Equity, the scheduled weekday closing 
time of such Exchange or Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after 
hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours; 
“Scheduled Trading Day” means, in relation to an Underlying Equity, any day on which each 
Exchange and each Related Exchange for such Underlying Equity are scheduled to be open for trading 
for their respective regular trading sessions; 
“Scheduled Valuation Date” means, in relation to a Valuation Date, any original date that, but for 
the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been that Valuation Date; 
“Tender Offer” means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other 
event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining 
or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 10 per cent. and less than 100 
per cent. of the outstanding voting shares of the Equity Issuer, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
based upon the making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other 
information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant; 
“Trade Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms; 
“Underlying Equities” and “Underlying Equity” mean the equity securities or equity security 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms and related expressions shall be construed accordingly; 
“Valid Date” means, in relation to an Underlying Equity, a Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Underlying Equity that is not a Disrupted Day in relation to such Underlying Equity and on which 
another Valuation Date does not or is not deemed to occur; 
“Valuation Date” means each relevant date specified in the relevant Issue Terms and designated as 
such in Reference Item Schedule 5 (Equity-Linked Notes), the relevant Payout Schedule or, in respect 
of Exempt Notes, in the relevant Pricing Supplement or, if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading 
Day for all the Underlying Equities, the next following Scheduled Trading Day for all the Underlying 
Equities unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day in relation to any 
of the Underlying Equities. If such day is a Disrupted Day in relation to any of the Underlying Equities: 
(i) 
if “Postponement” is specified as Applicable to the relevant Valuation Date in the relevant 
Issue Terms or if none of “Postponement”, “Modified Postponement” or “Omission” is so 
specified:

--- Page 353 ---
EQUITY-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-130 
 
 
(A) 
where the Notes are specified in the relevant Issue Terms to relate to a single 
Underlying Equity, that Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the eight 
Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the relevant Scheduled 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case (x) the eighth Scheduled 
Trading Day shall be deemed to be that Valuation Date, notwithstanding the 
fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (y) the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the Reference Price using its good faith estimate of the value of the 
Underlying Equity as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading 
Day; or 
(B) 
where the Notes are specified in the relevant Issue Terms to relate to a Basket 
of Underlying Equities, that Valuation Date for each Underlying Equity not 
affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the relevant Scheduled 
Valuation Date and that Valuation Date for each Underlying Equity affected 
(each an “Affected Equity”) by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be 
the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day for the Affected Equity that is 
not a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Equity unless each of the eight 
Scheduled Trading Days for the Affected Equity immediately following the 
relevant Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected 
Equity. In that case (x) that eighth Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed 
to be that Valuation Date for the Affected Equity, notwithstanding the fact 
that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (y) the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the Reference Price for the Affected Equity using its good faith 
estimate of the value for the Affected Equity as of the Valuation Time on that 
eighth Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(ii) 
if “Modified Postponement” is specified as Applicable to the relevant Valuation Date in the 
relevant Issue Terms: 
(A) 
where the Notes relate to a single Underlying Equity, that Valuation Date 
shall be the first succeeding Valid Date. If the first succeeding Valid Date has 
not occurred as of the Valuation Time on the eighth Scheduled Trading Day 
immediately following the final Scheduled Valuation Date relating to the 
relevant determination, as determined by the Calculation Agent, then (A) that 
eighth Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be that Valuation Date 
(irrespective of whether the eighth Scheduled Trading Day is already a 
Valuation Date), and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant 
price for that Valuation Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (i)(A)(y) 
above; and 
(B) 
where the Notes relate to a Basket of Underlying Equities, that Valuation Date 
for each Underlying Equity not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day 
shall be the relevant Scheduled Valuation Date and that Valuation Date for 
each Underlying Equity affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day (each 
an “Affected Equity”) shall be the first succeeding Valid Date in relation to 
the Affected Equity. If the first succeeding Valid Date in relation to the 
Affected Equity has not occurred as of the Valuation Time on the eighth 
Scheduled Trading Day for the Affected Equity immediately following the 
final Scheduled Valuation Date relating to the relevant determination, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, then (A) that eighth Scheduled Trading 
Day shall be deemed to be that Valuation Date (irrespective of whether that 
eighth Scheduled Trading Day is already an Valuation Date) in relation to 
such Affected Equity, and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the

--- Page 354 ---
EQUITY-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-131 
 
 
relevant price for such Valuation Date in accordance with sub-paragraph 
(i)(B)(y) above; or 
(iii) 
if “Omission” is specified as Applicable to the relevant Valuation Date in the relevant Issue 
Terms, then such date will be deemed not to be a relevant Valuation Date for the purposes of 
the relevant determination provided that, if through the operation of this provision there would 
not be a relevant Valuation Date for the relevant determination, then the provisions of 
paragraph (i) above will apply for the purposes of determining the relevant price in respect of 
the final Scheduled Valuation Date for the relevant determination, as if such Valuation Date 
were a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day for any of the Underlying Equities; 
“Valuation Period” means each relevant period specified in the relevant Issue Terms and/or 
designated as such in the relevant Payout Schedule or, in respect of Exempt Notes, in the relevant 
Pricing Supplement; 
“Valuation Period Date” means, in respect of a Valuation Period, each of the dates specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms falling during such Valuation Period or, if no such dates are so specified:  
(i) 
where the Notes are specified in the relevant Issue Terms to relate to a single Underlying 
Equity, each Scheduled Trading Day falling during such Valuation Period; and 
(ii) 
where the Notes are specified in the relevant Issue Terms to relate to a Basket of Underlying 
Equities, each day which is a Scheduled Trading Day for all the Underlying Equities falling 
during such Valuation Period,  
in each case, each such date being a “Valuation Date”; and 
“Valuation Time” means, in relation to an Underlying Equity and: 
(i) 
any Reference Price, the time specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if no Valuation 
Time is specified, the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange for such Underlying 
Equity on the Relevant Determination Date. If the relevant Exchange closes prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time and the specified Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for 
its regular trading session, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time; or 
(ii) 
any Observation Price, the relevant time at which the price of such Underlying Equity is being 
determined. 
5.4. 
Provisions applicable to Underlying Equities which are specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be 
ETF Shares 
(i) 
Applicability: This Reference Item Condition 5.4 is applicable only in relation to Underlying 
Equities which are specified to be “ETF Shares” in the relevant Issue Terms. 
(ii) 
Potential Adjustment Event: The following shall constitute a “Potential Adjustment Event” 
in respect of any ETF Share or any Fund for the purposes of Reference Item Condition 5.2 
(Potential Adjustment Events, Extraordinary Events, Correction of Underlying Equity Prices 
and Adjustments for Equity-Linked Notes in respect of Underlying Equities quoted in 
European Currencies) above: 
“Potential Adjustment Event” means any of the following:

--- Page 355 ---
EQUITY-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-132 
 
 
(i) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant ETF Shares or a free distribution or 
dividend of relevant ETF Shares to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar 
issue; or 
(ii) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of relevant Fund Interests of (A) such ETF 
Shares; or (B) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends 
and/or the proceeds of the liquidation of the relevant Fund equally or proportionately with 
such payments to holders of such ETF Shares; or (C) share capital or other securities of another 
issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the relevant Fund as a result of a spin-off 
or other similar transaction; or (D) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other 
assets, in any case for payment (whether in cash or otherwise) at less than their prevailing 
market price, as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(iii) 
an extraordinary dividend as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(iv) 
a repurchase by a Fund of relevant ETF Shares, whether the consideration for such repurchase 
is cash, securities or otherwise other than in respect of a redemption of ETF Shares initiated 
by an investor in such ETF Shares that is consistent with the relevant Fund Documents; or 
(v) 
any other event which may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant ETF Shares. 
A Potential Adjustment Event may be due to, for example but without limitation, the 
replacement of a portion of any Fund Interest with shares or units of or in relation to a side 
pocket or a special purpose vehicle to which the relevant Fund has linked or transferred any 
interest in its portfolio of assets (“Spin-off Fund Interests”). 
(iii) 
Additional Extraordinary Events: The following shall constitute “Additional Extraordinary 
Events” in respect of any ETF Share or any Fund for the purposes of the definition of 
Extraordinary Events set out in Reference Item Condition 5.3 (Definitions) above: 
(A) 
the implementation of any change to the terms and conditions of the Fund, as detailed 
in the Fund Documents and as notified in advance by the Fund Administrator to 
holders of the ETF Shares, which is, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, of 
a material nature (including, but not limited to, such changes as (i) a change in the 
risk profile of the Fund; (ii) a change in the voting rights associated with the ETF 
Shares; (iii) an alteration to the investment objectives of the Fund; or (iv) a change in 
the currency in which the ETF Shares are denominated so that the price or the net 
asset value (“NAV”) of the ETF Shares is quoted in a different currency from that in 
which it was quoted on the Trade Date); and/or 
(B) 
any breach of the investment objectives of the Fund (as defined in the Fund 
Documents) if such breach is, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, of a 
material nature; and/or 
(C) 
the Fund Administrator fails, for reasons other than of a technical or operational 
nature, to calculate and make available the relevant NAV within eight Scheduled 
Trading Days of the date scheduled for its publication; and/or 
(D) 
a material limitation is imposed on dealings in any Fund Interests, the Fund’s dealing 
scheduled is changed (including, but not limited to, a change in notice periods for 
redemptions or imposition of gating provisions), subscription and/or redemption 
liquidity in any Fund Interest is reduced, there is a material reduction in the assets 
under management of the Fund since the Trade Date, or any other event occurs, which

--- Page 356 ---
EQUITY-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-133 
 
 
restricts, in whole or in part (on a temporary or permanent basis) dealings in any nature 
with respect to a Fund Interest (whether or not the relevant event occurs pursuant to 
any provisions permitting the Fund to restrict in any way dealings with respect to the 
relevant Fund Interest); and/or 
(E) 
the annualised Volatility of the Fund exceeds the percentage prescribed by any 
applicable law, regulation or the applicable constitutive documents of the Fund or the 
applicable Fund Documents during any one-month rolling time period. For the 
purposes of this sub-paragraph, “Volatility” means, in respect of any day and an ETF 
Share and the related Fund, the annualised standard deviation of the percentage 
changes in the official closing price of the relevant ETF Share on the relevant 
Exchange during the one-month period immediately preceding such day, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; and/or 
(F) 
the compulsory redemption of the ETF Shares by the Fund for any reason at any time 
after the Trade Date; and/or 
(G) 
the Fund is wound up or terminated for any reason at any time after the Trade Date; 
and/or 
(H) 
the Fund is superseded by a successor fund (a “Successor Fund”) following a merger 
or similar event unless, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, such Successor 
Fund (i) has similar investment objectives to those of the Fund, (ii) is incorporated in 
the same jurisdiction as the Fund and (iii) is managed and administered by one or 
more individuals who, or corporate entities which, are reputable and experienced in 
their field and satisfy the compliance, due diligence and other control procedures of 
the Calculation Agent; and/or 
(I) 
the cancellation, suspension or revocation of any registration, licence or approval in 
respect of the Fund by any relevant authority or body; and/or 
(J) 
any other event which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, has an 
analogous effect to any of the events specified above. 
(iv) 
Additional Definitions: The following expressions have the following meanings in the context 
of Underlying Equities which are ETF Shares only: 
“Fund” means, in relation to an Underlying Equity which is an ETF Share, the Equity Issuer 
of such ETF Share; 
“Fund Administrator” means, in relation to an Underlying Equity which is an ETF Share 
and the related Fund, the fund administrator, manager, trustee or similar person with primary 
administrative responsibility for such Fund and responsibility for the determination and 
publication of the relevant NAV specified in the Fund Documents, or any replacement 
(comprising one or more individuals or corporate entities) which is, reputable and experienced 
in its field and satisfies the compliance, due diligence and other control procedures of the 
Calculation Agent; 
“Fund Custodian” means, in relation to an Underlying Equity which is an ETF Share and the 
related Fund, the custodian responsible for the custody of the assets of the Fund specified in 
the Fund Documents, or any replacement (comprising one or more individuals or corporate 
entities) which is, reputable and experienced in its field and satisfies the compliance, due 
diligence and other control procedures of the Calculation Agent;

--- Page 357 ---
EQUITY-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-134 
 
 
“Fund Documents” means, in relation to an Underlying Equity which is an ETF Share and 
the related Fund, the current prospectus, documents of such Fund in respect of such ETF Share 
as amended or supplemented from time to time, as published or made available by the Fund 
Administrator; 
“Fund Executive Committee” means, in relation to an Underlying Equity which is an ETF 
Share and the related Fund, the group of individuals which is responsible for overseeing the 
activities of such Fund specified in the Fund Documents, or any replacement (comprising one 
or more individuals) who is, reputable and experienced in their field and satisfies the 
compliance, due diligence and other control procedures of the Calculation Agent; and 
“Fund Investment Manager” means, in relation to an Underlying Equity which is an ETF 
Share and the related Fund, the entity responsible for providing investment management 
advice to the Fund and/or the Fund Administrator and/or the Fund Executive Committee 
specified in the Fund Documents, or any replacement (comprising one or more individuals or 
corporate entities) which is, reputable and experienced in its field and satisfies the compliance, 
due diligence and other control procedures of the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 358 ---
FUND-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-135 
 
 
REFERENCE ITEM SCHEDULE 6 
FUND-LINKED NOTES 
6. 
Fund-Linked Notes 
6.1. 
Applicability: 
This Reference Item Schedule 6 (Fund-Linked Notes) is applicable only in relation to Notes which are 
specified to be “Fund-Linked Interest Notes” and/or “Fund-Linked Redemption Notes” (each, “Fund-
Linked Notes”) in the relevant Issue Terms. 
6.2. 
Potential Adjustment Events, Extraordinary Events and Correction of NAV 
(i) 
If “Potential Adjustment Events” are specified as Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, then 
following any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent will determine whether such 
Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting, concentrative or other effect on the theoretical 
value of the relevant Fund Interest and, if so, will (a) make the corresponding adjustment, if 
any, to any of the terms of the Terms and Conditions as the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate to account for that diluting, concentrative or other effect and (b) determine the 
effective date of that adjustment. 
Upon making any such adjustment, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the 
Holders in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices), describing the relevant 
adjustment and giving brief details of the Potential Adjustment Event. 
(ii) 
If “Extraordinary Events” are specified as Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and an 
Extraordinary Event occurs, in each case, in relation to a Fund Interest, the Issuer may: 
(a) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be 
made to any of the terms of the Terms and Conditions to account for the relevant 
Extraordinary Event and determine the effective date of that adjustment. The relevant 
adjustments may include, without limitation, (i) in the case of Notes relating to a 
Basket of Fund Interests only, the substitution of the Fund Interest which is the subject 
of the relevant Extraordinary Event by another fund interest selected by the 
Calculation Agent or the removal of such Fund Interest or (ii) a “monetisation” (as 
described below); or 
(b) 
give notice to the Holders in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices) and 
redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes, each principal amount of Notes equal to 
the Calculation Amount being redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount together 
with, if so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, accrued interest. 
Upon the occurrence (if applicable) of an Extraordinary Event, the Issuer shall give notice as 
soon as practicable to the Holders in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices) stating 
the occurrence of the relevant Extraordinary Event, giving details thereof and the action 
proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
(iii) 
If the Calculation Agent determines the appropriate adjustment pursuant to Reference Item 
Condition 6.2(ii) (Potential Adjustment Events, Extraordinary Events and Correction of NAV) 
is “monetisation”, the Calculation Agent shall: 
(A) 
determine the value of the Fund Interest(s) to which each Calculation Amount of the 
Notes relate (which the Calculation Agent may determine by reference to the

--- Page 359 ---
FUND-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-136 
 
 
realisation or redemption value of such Fund Interests which the Calculation Agent 
determines could be realised by a Hypothetical Investor following an election to 
redeem such Fund Interest(s), less a pro rata share of all unwind costs, taxes and 
expenses incurred by such Hypothetical Investor in such realisation or redemption 
and/or, where any such realisation or redemption value would include or comprise 
non-monetary assets, such value may include a pro rata share of the amount (if any 
and which may be zero) which the Calculation Agent determines would be received 
by the Hypothetical Investor in respect of a realisation or redemption (in whatsoever 
manner the Calculation Agent determines appropriate) of such non-monetary assets 
within a commercially reasonable time-frame) (the “Removal Value”); and 
(B) 
either: 
(a) 
(i) on the Removal Date, replace the Fund Interest the subject of the 
Extraordinary Event with a replacement fund interest (a “Successor Fund 
Interest”) in a successor fund having similar characteristics, investment 
objectives and policies to the Fund immediately prior to the relevant 
Extraordinary Event (a “Successor Fund”) where the value of the Successor 
Fund Interests plus any related hedging adjustment costs in respect of the 
Calculation Amount is, as near as reasonably practicable, equal to the 
Removal Value and (ii) determine the appropriate adjustments, if any, to be 
made to any of the terms of the Terms and Conditions to account for the 
relevant replacement; or 
(b) 
if no such Successor Fund can be reasonably determined, a pro rata portion 
of the Removal Value relating to one Fund Interest shall be deemed to be the 
Reference Price (“NAV”) for the Fund Interest on the Removal Date and the 
Reference Price for such Fund Interest for any Fund Business Day (t) 
following the Removal Date shall be determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the following formula: 
 
Where: 
“Interest Rate” means the interest rate (expressed as a rate per annum on the 
basis relevant to the Fund Currency’s interest rate market) at which deposits 
are bid in the Fund Currency for a tenor approximately equal to the period 
from (and including) the immediately preceding Fund Business Day (t-1) (or, 
initially the Removal Date) to (but excluding) the relevant Fund Business Day 
(t), except in the case of the Fund Business Day immediately following the 
Removal Date when it is equal to the period from (and including) the 
Removal Date to (but excluding) such Fund Business Day. If such deposit 
rate is not available, the Calculation Agent shall determine an appropriate rate 
by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate. 
“Days” means the number of calendar days from (and including) the 
immediately preceding Fund Business Day (t-1) to (but excluding) the 
relevant Fund Business Day (t), except in the case of the Fund Business Day 
immediately following the Removal Date when it is equal to the period from 
(and including) the Removal Date to (but excluding) such Fund Business 
Day. 
)
(






360
1
1
Days
x
Rate
Interest
x
NAV
NAV
t
t

--- Page 360 ---
FUND-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-137 
 
 
“Removal Date” means the latest of (1) the day immediately following the 
day on which the Removal Value is determined, (2) two Fund Business Days 
following the date on which the Successor Fund has been determined by the 
Calculation Agent and (3) the Business Day following the date on which the 
Calculation Agent determines that it is unable to identify a Successor Fund. 
The Removal Date may occur at a significant period following the relevant 
Fund Event.   
6.3. 
If “Correction of NAV” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and the price published 
or redemption proceeds due by or on behalf of a Fund with respect to any Fund Interest and which is 
utilised for any calculation or determination in respect of the Notes is subsequently corrected and the 
correction (the “Corrected NAV”) is published prior to the relevant Correction Cut-Off Date specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms, then the Calculation Agent may at its option but does not have to deem 
such Corrected NAV to be the relevant value for such Fund Interest for the relevant date and the 
Calculation Agent shall use such Corrected NAV in determining the relevant amount payable in 
respect of the Notes. 
6.4. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days  
If any Valuation Date or Observation Date is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
in the case of Fund-Linked Notes relating to a single Fund Interest, the Valuation Date  
or 
Observation Date shall be the next succeeding day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless no day 
that is not a Disrupted Day has occurred prior to the last day of the Cut-off Period starting on 
the Scheduled Valuation Date. In that case, (i) the last day of such Cut-off Period shall be 
deemed to be the Valuation Date or Observation Date notwithstanding the fact that such day 
is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of 
the value for that Fund Interest as of the Valuation Time on that deemed Valuation Date or 
Observation Date; and 
(b) 
in the case of Fund-Linked Notes relating to a basket of Fund Interests, to the extent it relates 
to any Fund Interest to which Reported Value Method or Deemed Payout Method is 
applicable, the Valuation Date or Observation Date for each Fund Interest not affected by the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Valuation Date, and the Valuation Date 
or Observation Date for each Fund Interest affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall 
be first succeeding day that is not a Disrupted Day relating to that Fund Interest, unless no day 
that is not a Disrupted Day has occurred prior to the last day of the Cut-off Period starting on 
the Scheduled Valuation Date. In that case, (i) the last day of such Cut-off Period shall be 
deemed to be the Valuation Date or Observation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day 
is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of 
the value for that Fund Interest as of the Valuation Time on that deemed Valuation Date or 
Observation Date.  
6.5. 
Definitions 
The following expressions have the following meanings in the context of Fund-Linked Notes only: 
“Bermudan Observation Price” means, in relation to a Fund Interest and a Bermudan Observation 
Date, the Reference Price for such Fund Interest in respect of such Bermudan Observation Date; 
“Cut-off Period” means, with respect to any date, the period specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms, or if no such period is specified, a period of one calendar year ending on the first anniversary 
of such date; provided that if a “Final Cut-off Date” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, then any

--- Page 361 ---
FUND-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-138 
 
 
Cut-off Period that would otherwise end after such Final Cut-off Date shall end on such Final Cut-off 
Date; 
“Deemed Payout Method” means, in relation to any Fund Interest, a certain valuation method 
reflected in the operations of the Reference Price and other provisions herein, and which shall be 
applicable to such Fund Interest if so specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
“Disrupted Day” means, with respect to Fund-Linked Notes, any day on which a Fund Disruption 
Event has occurred or is continuing. The Calculation Agent shall as soon as reasonably practicable 
under the circumstances notify the Issuer of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but 
for the occurrence or continuance of a Disrupted Day, would have been an Observation Date or a 
Valuation Date;  
The Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Holders in accordance with General Condition 
15 (Notices) of the General Conditions of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for 
the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, would have been a Relevant Determination Date. Without limiting 
the obligation of the Calculation Agent to give notice to the Holders as set forth in the preceding 
sentence, failure by the Calculation Agent to notify the Holders of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day 
shall not affect the validity of the occurrence and effect of such Disrupted Day; 
“Extraordinary Dividend” means, an amount per relevant Fund Interest Unit or other amount of 
Fund Interest specified or otherwise determined as provided in the relevant Issue Terms. If no 
Extraordinary Dividend is specified in or otherwise determined as provided in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the characterization of a dividend or portion thereof as an Extraordinary Dividend shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
“Extraordinary Event” means, with respect to Fund-Linked Notes, a Nationalization, Insolvency or 
any applicable Extraordinary Fund Event, as the case may be; 
“Extraordinary Fund Event” means each of the following events which has been specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms: 
(a) 
“Fund Insolvency Event” means, in respect of any Fund Interest, that the related Reference 
Fund or any other entity specified in the relevant Issue Terms as a “Fund Insolvency Entity” 
(i) is dissolved or has a resolution passed for its dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation 
(other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (ii) makes a general 
assignment or arrangement with or for the benefit of its creditors; (iii) (A) institutes or has 
instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, 
rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or 
organization or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other 
similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or 
liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official, or (B) has instituted against 
it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any 
bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is 
presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is instituted or 
presented by a person or entity not described in clause (A) above and either (x) results in a 
judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an 
order for its winding-up or liquidation or (y) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained 
in each case within fifteen days of the institution or presentation thereof; (iv) seeks or becomes 
subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, 
trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; (v) has 
a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, 
attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or

--- Page 362 ---
FUND-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-139 
 
 
substantially all of its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process 
is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within fifteen days thereafter; 
or (vi) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of 
any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in clauses (i) through 
(vi) above; 
(b) 
“NAV Trigger Event” means, in respect of any Fund Interest, that (i) the Reported Fund 
Interest Value has decreased by an amount equal to, or greater than, the NAV Trigger 
Percentage(s) during the related NAV Trigger Period, each as specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms; or (ii) the related Reference Fund has violated any leverage restriction that is applicable 
to, or affecting, such Reference Fund or its assets by operation of any law, any order or 
judgment of any court or other agency of government applicable to it or any of its assets, the 
Fund Documents or any contractual restriction binding on or affecting the Reference Fund or 
any of its assets; 
(c) 
“Adviser Resignation Event” means, in respect of any Reference Fund, (i) the resignation, 
termination, or replacement of its Fund Adviser or (ii) the resignation, termination, death or 
replacement of any key person specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
(d) 
“Fund Modification” means, any change or modification of the related Fund Documents that 
could reasonably be expected to affect the value of such Fund Interest or the rights or remedies 
of any holders thereof (in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent) from those 
prevailing on the date on which any Fund Interest issued by such Reference Fund was first 
included as a Fund Interest for purposes of the relevant Fund-Linked Notes; 
(e) 
“Strategy Breach” means, any breach or violation of any strategy or investment guidelines 
stated in the related Fund Documents that is reasonably likely to affect the value of such Fund 
Interest or the rights or remedies of any holders thereof (in each case, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent); 
(f) 
“Fund Hedging Disruption” means, with respect to Fund-Linked Notes, that the Hedging 
Party is unable, or it is impractical for the Hedging Party, after using commercially reasonable 
efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction or asset it deems necessary or appropriate to hedge the price risk relating to such 
Fund Interest of entering into and performing its obligations with respect to such Fund-Linked 
Notes, or (ii) realize, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction or asset, including, 
without limitation, where such inability or impracticability has arisen by reason of (A) any 
restrictions or increase in charges or fees imposed by the relevant Reference Fund on any 
investor’s ability to redeem such Fund Interest, in whole or in part, or any existing or new 
investor’s ability to make new or additional investments in such Fund Interest, or (B) any 
mandatory redemption, in whole or in part, of such Fund Interest imposed by the relevant 
Reference Fund (in each case other than any restriction in existence on the date on which such 
Fund Interest was first included as a Fund Interest for purposes of such Fund-Linked Notes); 
(g) 
“Regulatory Action” means, with respect to any Fund Interest, (i) cancellation, suspension or 
revocation of the registration or approval of such Fund Interest or the related Reference Fund 
by any governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over such Fund Interest or 
Reference Fund, (ii) any change in the legal, tax, accounting, or regulatory treatments of the 
relevant Reference Fund or its Fund Adviser that is reasonably likely to have an adverse impact 
on the value of such Fund Interest or on any investor therein (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent), or (iii) the related Reference Fund or any of its Fund Administrator or Fund Adviser 
becoming subject to any investigation, proceeding or litigation by any relevant governmental, 
legal or regulatory authority involving the alleged violation of applicable law for any activities

--- Page 363 ---
FUND-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-140 
 
 
relating to or resulting from the operation of such Reference Fund, Fund Administrator or 
Fund Adviser; 
(h) 
“Reporting Disruption” means, in respect of any Fund Interest, (i) the occurrence of any 
event affecting such Fund Interest that, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, would 
make it impossible or impracticable for the Calculation Agent to determine the value of such 
Fund Interest, and such event continues for at least the time period specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms or, if no such time period is specified, the foreseeable future; (ii) any failure of 
the related Reference Fund to deliver, or cause to be delivered, (A) information that such 
Reference Fund has agreed to deliver, or cause to be delivered to the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, or (B) information that has been previously delivered to the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, in accordance with such Reference Fund’s, or its authorized 
representative’s, normal practice and that the Issuer deems necessary for it or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, to monitor such Reference Fund’s compliance with any investment 
guidelines, asset allocation methodologies or any other similar policies relating to such Fund 
Interests; 
(i) 
“Change in Law” means that, on or after the Trade Date of the Fund-Linked Notes (i) due to 
the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without 
limitation, any tax law), or (ii) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation 
by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable 
law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Issuer determines in 
good faith that (A) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of Fund Interests relating 
to such Fund-Linked Notes, or (B) it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its 
obligations under such Fund-Linked Notes (including, without limitation, due to any increase 
in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position); 
(j) 
“Increased Cost of Hedging” means, that the Hedging Party would incur a materially 
increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, 
expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to 
hedge the price risk relating to any Fund Interest of entering into and performing its obligations 
with respect to the relevant Fund-Linked Notes, or (ii) realize, recover or remit the proceeds 
of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that 
is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Hedging Party shall 
not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging; and 
(k) 
“Additional Extraordinary Fund Event” means, any additional event specified as such in 
the relevant Issue Terms; 
“Final Cut-off Date” means, the date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms; 
“Fund” means, in relation to a Fund Interest, the issuer of, or other legal arrangement giving rise to, 
such Fund Interest, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
“Fund Administrator” means, in respect of a Reference Fund, any person specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms or, if no person is so specified, the fund administrator, manager, trustee or similar 
person with the primary administrative responsibilities for such Reference Fund according to the Fund 
Documents; 
“Fund Adviser” means, in respect of any Reference Fund, any person specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms or, if no person is so specified, any person appointed in the role of discretionary 
investment manager or non-discretionary investment adviser (including a non-discretionary

--- Page 364 ---
FUND-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-141 
 
 
investment adviser to a discretionary investment manager or to another non-discretionary investment 
adviser) for such Reference Fund; 
“Fund Business Day” means, any day specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if no such day 
is specified, any day the Reference Fund or the primary Fund Administrator acting on behalf of the 
Reference Fund is open for business; 
“Fund Currency” means the currency in which redemption proceeds in respect of the relevant Fund 
Interest are normally paid;  
“Fund Disruption Event” means, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect 
of any Fund Interest (i) to which Reported Value Method is applicable, the occurrence or existence of 
a Fund Valuation Disruption and (ii) to which Deemed Payout Method is applicable, a Fund Settlement 
Disruption, in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on the 
relevant Valuation Date, Observation Date and at such other relevant dates and times as specified 
herein or in the relevant Issue Terms;  
“Fund Documents” means, with respect to any Fund Interest, the constitutive and governing 
documents, subscription agreements and other agreements of the related Reference Fund specifying 
the terms and conditions relating to such Fund Interest and any Additional Fund Documents, in each 
case, as amended from time to time.  “Additional Fund Documents”, if applicable, shall have the 
meaning specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
“Fund Interest” means, in respect of Fund-Linked Notes, an interest issued to or held by an investor 
in a fund, pooled investment vehicle or any other interest identified as such in the relevant Issue Terms; 
“Fund Interest Unit” means, with respect to a Fund Interest in a Reference Fund, a share of such 
Fund Interest or, if Fund Interests in such Reference Fund are not denominated as shares, a notional 
unit of account of ownership of such Fund Interest in such Reference Fund in the amount specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms; provided that if no such amount is so specified, then the entire amount of 
Fund Interest in which the Hypothetical Investor is deemed to invest on the Trade Date shall be a 
single Fund Interest Unit for purposes of this Reference Item Schedule; 
“Fund Reporting Date” means, with respect to any Fund Interest and Fund Valuation Date, the date 
on which the Reported Fund Interest Value of such Fund Interest as determined as of such Fund 
Valuation Date is reported or published; 
“Fund Service Provider” means, in respect of any Reference Fund, any person who is appointed to 
provide services, directly or indirectly, for that Reference Fund, whether or not specified in the Fund 
Documents, including any Fund Adviser, Fund Administrator, operator, management company, 
depository, custodian, subcustodian, prime broker, administrator, trustee, registrar and transfer agent, 
domiciliary agent and any other person specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms; 
“Fund Settlement Disruption” means, in respect of a Fund Interest and any day, a failure by the 
Reference Fund to pay the full amount (whether expressed as a percentage or otherwise) of the 
Redemption Proceeds with respect to the relevant number of Fund Interest Units or amount of such 
Fund Interest scheduled to have been paid on or by such day according to the Fund Documents 
(without giving effect to any gating, deferral, suspension or other provisions permitting the Reference 
Fund to delay or refuse redemption of Fund Interests); 
“Fund Valuation Date” means, with respect to any Fund Interest, a date as of which the related 
Reference Fund (or its Fund Service Provider that generally determines such value) determines the 
value of such Fund Interest or, if the related Reference Fund only reports its aggregate net asset value, 
a date as of which such Reference Fund determines its aggregate net asset value;

--- Page 365 ---
FUND-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-142 
 
 
“Fund Valuation Disruption” means, (i) in respect of a Fund Interest to be valued using the Reported 
Value Method for which the applicable Reported Value Convention is either Prior Redemption 
Valuation Date or Following Redemption Valuation Date, the failure of a Scheduled Redemption 
Valuation Date to be a Redemption Valuation Date or any continued postponement of such 
Redemption Valuation Date, and (ii) for any other Fund Interest, the failure of a Scheduled Fund 
Valuation Date to be a Fund Valuation Date or any continued postponement of such Fund Valuation 
Date; 
“Hedging Party” means, the Issuer or any entity carrying out hedging activities in relation to the 
Fund-Linked Notes on behalf of or for the benefit of the Issuer.  
“Hypothetical Investor” means, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms, with respect 
to any Fund Interest, a hypothetical investor in such Fund Interest located in the Hypothetical Investor 
Jurisdiction and deemed (a) to have the benefits and obligations, as provided under the Fund 
Documents, of an investor holding, as of the related Reference Fund Subscription Date, an interest in 
the relevant Reference Fund in an amount equal to the aggregate number of relevant Fund Interest 
Units to which the Fund-Linked Notes then in issue relate as determined by the Calculation Agent; (b) 
in the case of any deemed investment in such Fund Interest, to have submitted, on the relevant 
Subscription Notice Date, a duly completed notice to the relevant Reference Fund, requesting 
subscription to the relevant number of Fund Interest Units; and (c) in the case of any deemed 
redemption of such Fund Interest, to have submitted to the relevant Reference Fund on the relevant 
Redemption Notice Date, a duly completed notice requesting redemption of the relevant number of 
Fund Interest Units; 
“Hypothetical Investor Jurisdiction” shall have the meaning specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
or, if no jurisdiction is so specified, shall be the same as the jurisdiction of organization or formation, 
as applicable, of the Hedging Party as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
“Insolvency” means, that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, 
insolvency, dissolution or winding-up of or any analogous proceeding affecting a Reference Fund, (i) 
all the Fund Interests of that Reference Fund are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or 
other similar official or (ii) holders of the Fund Interests of that Reference Fund become legally 
prohibited from transferring or redeeming them; 
“Nationalization” means, that all the Fund Interests or all or substantially all the assets of a Reference 
Fund are nationalized, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental 
agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof; 
“Observation Date” means, in relation to a Fund Interest and an Observation Period, each Fund 
Business Day for such Fund Interest during such Observation Period; 
“Observation Period” means each relevant period specified in the relevant Issue Terms and 
designated as such in the relevant Payout Schedule or, in respect of Exempt Notes, in the relevant 
Pricing Supplement; 
“Observation Price” means, (1) where the Notes relate to a single Fund Interest or for the purposes 
of determining the Nth Performing Reference Item and in relation to a Fund Interest, an Observation 
Period and each Observation Date for such Fund Interest during such Observation Period, the 
Reference Price of the Fund Interest determined by the Calculation Agent for each Observation Date 
during such Observation Period for which no event giving rise to a Disrupted Day in respect of such 
Fund Interest has occurred or is occurring or, (2) where the Notes relate to a Basket of Fund Interests 
and in respect of a Fund Interest, an Observation Period and each Relevant Observation Date during 
such Observation Period, the Reference Price of such Fund Interest at any time during continuous 
trading hours. For these purposes “Relevant Observation Date” means a day that is an Observation

--- Page 366 ---
FUND-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-143 
 
 
Date for all Fund Interests in the Basket and on which no event giving rise to a Disrupted Day in 
relation to any Fund Interest has occurred or is occurring at any time on such day.  
If one or more event(s) giving rise to a Disrupted Day in respect of a Fund Interest have occurred 
and/or occur in respect of each Fund Business Day during the entire Observation Period, the 
Observation Price for the entire Observation Period shall be as determined by the Calculation Agent 
in its discretion, having regard to the then prevailing market conditions, the last reported value of any 
relevant Fund Interest prior to the occurrence of the event(s) giving rise to a Disrupted Day and such 
other factors as the Calculation Agent considers relevant; 
 “Potential Adjustment Event” means, any of the following:  
(1) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the relevant number of Fund 
Interest Units or amount of Fund Interest, or a free distribution or dividend of 
any such Fund Interest to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalization or 
similar issue; 
(2) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Fund 
Interest of (A) an additional amount of such Fund Interest, or (B) other share 
capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the 
proceeds of liquidation of the Reference Fund equally or proportionately with 
such payments to holders of such Fund Interest, or (C) share capital or other 
securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the 
Reference Fund as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, or (D) 
any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for 
payment (cash or other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price 
as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(3) 
an Extraordinary Dividend; 
(4) 
a repurchase by the Reference Fund of relevant Fund Interests whether the 
consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise, other than 
in respect of a redemption of Fund Interests initiated by an investor in such 
Fund Interests that is consistent with the Fund Documents; or 
(5) 
any other event that may have a diluting or concentrative effect on the 
theoretical value of the relevant Fund Interest Units or amount of Fund 
Interest. 
“Redemption Notice Date” means, with respect to any Fund Interest and any Valuation Date or 
Observation Date, the date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, or if no such date is specified, 
the last date on which a Hypothetical Investor in such Fund Interest would be permitted, pursuant to 
the Fund Documents of the related Reference Fund, to submit a redemption notice that would be timely 
for a redemption as of (i) if Reported Value Method is applicable, the Scheduled Redemption 
Valuation Date occurring on such Valuation Date or Observation Date, as the case may be, or if no 
Scheduled Redemption Valuation Date is occurring on such Valuation Date or Observation Date, the 
immediately preceding Scheduled Redemption Valuation Date, or (ii) if Deemed Payout Method is 
applicable, the Scheduled Redemption Valuation Date for which the Scheduled Redemption Payment 
Date falls on or immediately prior to such Valuation Date or Observation Date; 
“Redemption Payment Date” means, with respect to any Fund Interest and any Scheduled 
Redemption Valuation Date, each date on which the related Reference Fund actually pays all or the 
specified portion of the Redemption Proceeds to a Hypothetical Investor that has submitted a timely

--- Page 367 ---
FUND-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-144 
 
 
and valid notice for redemption of such Fund Interest as of such Scheduled Redemption Valuation 
Date; 
“Redemption Proceeds” means, with respect to the relevant number of Fund Interest Units or amount 
of any Fund Interest, the redemption proceeds, as determined by the Calculation Agent, that would be 
paid by the related Reference Fund to a Hypothetical Investor who, as of the relevant Redemption 
Valuation Date, redeems such amount of such Fund Interest; provided that (a) any such proceeds that 
would be paid in property other than cash shall be valued by the Calculation Agent and (b) if the 
Hypothetical Investor would be entitled to elect payment of such redemption proceeds to be made 
either in the form of cash or other property, then the Hypothetical Investor shall be deemed to have 
elected cash payment, except as otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
“Redemption Valuation Date” means, with respect to any Fund Interest and any Scheduled 
Redemption Valuation Date, the date as of which the related Reference Fund (or its Fund Service 
Provider that generally determines such value) would determine the net asset value of such Fund 
Interest for purposes of calculating the redemption proceeds to be paid to a Hypothetical Investor that 
had submitted a valid notice for redemption on or before the related Redemption Notice Date; 
“Reference Fund” means, in respect of a Fund Interest, unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the issuer of, or other legal arrangement giving rise to, the relevant Fund Interest; 
“Reference Fund Subscription Date” means, the date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms 
or, if no such date is specified, with respect to any Fund Interest, the day as of which a request by a 
Hypothetical Investor for subscription to such Fund Interest that has been submitted on the related 
Subscription Notice Date and in a form and substance acceptable to the related Reference Fund would 
be considered effective by the Fund; 
“Reference Price” on any day means, in respect of a Fund Interest, the price per related Fund Interest 
Unit determined by the Calculation Agent either as provided in the relevant Issue Terms as of the 
Valuation Time on the Valuation Date or Observation Date, as the case may be, or, if no means for 
determining the Reference Price are so provided, pursuant to the following provisions: 
(a) 
in respect of any Fund Interest to which Reported Value Method is applicable, the Reference 
Price shall be the Reported Fund Interest Value per related Fund Interest Unit determined as 
of the Valuation Date or Observation Date, as the case may be, subject to the applicable 
Reported Value Convention; provided that if the relevant Issue Terms specifies that the 
Reported Value Method is subject to Calculation Agent Adjustment, the Calculation Agent 
shall (i) adjust the Reported Fund Interest Value to reflect, without duplication, the relevant 
portion per Fund Interest Unit of: (A) such fees and costs as would be charged to the 
Hypothetical Investor pursuant to the Fund Documents, (B) such other fees as are specified as 
“Redemption Fees” in the relevant Issue Terms and (C) the Redemption Proceeds relating to 
such Fund Interest Unit, in each case in connection with a deemed redemption as of the 
Scheduled Redemption Valuation Date relating to such Valuation Date or Observation Date 
of all Fund Interest Units that are subject to valuation and (ii) if the Calculation Agent 
determines that no adjustment that it could make under (i) will produce a commercially 
reasonable result, determine that Deemed Payout Method shall apply; and 
(b) 
in respect of any Fund Interest to which Deemed Payout Method is applicable, the Reference 
Price per related Fund Interest Unit in respect of a Valuation Date or Observation Date shall 
be an amount equal to the Redemption Proceeds relating to such Fund Interest Unit that would 
be received by the Hypothetical Investor in such Fund Interest in connection with a redemption 
of all Fund Interest Units that are subject to valuation in connection with the Fund-Linked 
Notes for purposes of the relevant Valuation Date or Observation Date, as the case may be as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 368 ---
FUND-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-145 
 
 
“Relevant Determination Date” means an Observation Date or a Valuation Date, each relevant date 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms and designated as such in the relevant Payout Schedule or, in 
respect of Exempt Notes, any other relevant date specified as such in the relevant Pricing Supplement, 
as the case may be; 
“Reported Fund Interest Value” means, with respect to the relevant number of Fund Interest Units 
or amount of any Fund Interest and Fund Reporting Date relating to such Fund Interest, the value of 
such number of Fund Interest Units or amount of such Fund Interest as of the related Fund Valuation 
Date or, if the related Reference Fund reports only its aggregate net asset value, the portion of such 
Reference Fund’s aggregate net asset value relating to such number of Fund Interest Units or amount 
of such Fund Interest as of the related Fund Valuation Date, in each case as reported on such Fund 
Reporting Date by the Fund Service Provider that generally reports such value on behalf of the 
Reference Fund to its investors or a publishing service; 
“Reported Value Convention” means, the method for determining the Reported Fund Interest Value 
with respect to any Fund Interest as of any Valuation Date or Observation Date that is not a Scheduled 
Fund Valuation Date or Scheduled Redemption Valuation Date, as applicable.  The following terms, 
when used to specify the Reported Value Convention, shall result in the Reported Fund Interest Value 
to be determined as follows: 
(a) 
if “Prior Redemption Valuation Date” is specified, or if no other Reported Value 
Convention is specified, the Reported Fund Interest Value shall be determined as of 
the immediately preceding Scheduled Redemption Valuation Date, subject to the 
provisions of Reference Item Condition 6.4 (Consequences of Disrupted Days); 
(b) 
if “Prior Fund Valuation Date” is specified, the Reported Fund Interest Value shall 
be determined as of the immediately preceding Scheduled Fund Valuation Date, 
subject to the provisions of Reference Item Condition 6.4 (Consequences of Disrupted 
Days); 
(c) 
if “Last Reported Value” is specified, the Reported Fund Interest Value shall be the 
most recently available Reported Fund Interest Value for the relevant number of Fund 
Interest Units or amount of the relevant Fund Interest; 
(d) 
if “Following Fund Valuation Date” is specified, then such Valuation Date or 
Observation Date, as applicable, shall be postponed until the next following 
Scheduled Fund Valuation Date (without prejudice to any further adjustments 
pursuant to the provisions of Reference Item Condition 6.4 (Consequences of 
Disrupted Days)) and the Reported Fund Interest Value shall be determined as of such 
Scheduled Fund Valuation Date; and 
(e) 
if “Following Redemption Valuation Date” is specified, then such Valuation Date 
or Observation Date, as applicable, shall be postponed until the next following 
Scheduled Redemption Valuation Date (without prejudice to any further adjustments 
pursuant to the provisions of Reference Item Condition 6.4 (Consequences of 
Disrupted Days)) and the Reported Fund Interest Value shall be determined as of such 
Scheduled Redemption Valuation Date; 
“Reported Value Method” means, in relation to any Fund Interest, a certain valuation method 
reflected in the operations of the Reference Price and other provisions herein, and which shall be 
applicable to such Fund Interest if so specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
“Scheduled Fund Valuation Date” means, with respect to any Fund Interest, a date as of which the 
related Reference Fund (or its Fund Service Provider that generally determines such value) is

--- Page 369 ---
FUND-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-146 
 
 
scheduled, according to its Fund Documents (without giving effect to any gating, deferral, suspension 
or other provisions permitting the Reference Fund to delay or refuse redemption of Fund Interests), to 
determine the value of such Fund Interest or, if the related Reference Fund only reports its aggregate 
net asset value, the date as of which such Reference Fund is scheduled to determine its aggregate net 
asset value; 
“Scheduled Redemption Payment Date” means, the date specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms, or if no date is so specified, with respect to any Fund Interest and any Scheduled Redemption 
Valuation Date, the date by which the related Reference Fund is scheduled to have paid, according to 
its Fund Documents, all or a specified portion of the redemption proceeds to an investor that has 
submitted a timely and valid notice requesting redemption of such Fund Interest as of such Scheduled 
Redemption Valuation Date; 
“Scheduled Redemption Valuation Date” means, with respect to any Fund Interest, the date as of 
which the related Reference Fund (or its Fund Service Provider that generally determines such value) 
is scheduled, according to its Fund Documents (without giving effect to any gating, deferral, 
suspension or other provisions permitting the Reference Fund to delay or refuse redemption of Fund 
Interests), to determine the net asset value of such Fund Interest for purposes of calculating the 
redemption proceeds to be paid to an investor that has submitted a valid and timely notice for 
redemption of Fund Interests based on the value determined as of such date.  The Scheduled 
Redemption Valuation Date relating to any Valuation Date or Observation Date, as the case may be, 
shall be the date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, or if no such date is specified, the 
Scheduled Redemption Valuation Date occurring (i) if Reported Value Method is applicable, on such 
Valuation Date or Observation Date, as the case may be, or if no Scheduled Redemption Valuation 
Date is occurring on such Valuation Date or Observation Date, the immediately preceding Scheduled 
Redemption Valuation Date, or (ii) if Deemed Payout Method is applicable, the Scheduled 
Redemption Valuation Date for which the Scheduled Redemption Payment Date falls on or 
immediately prior to such Valuation Date or Observation Date; 
“Scheduled Valuation Date” means, any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing 
a Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date or Observation Date; 
“Subscription Notice Date” means, with respect to any Fund Interest and any Reference Fund 
Subscription Date, the date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if no such date is specified, 
the last date on which a notice to subscribe to such Fund Interest may be submitted pursuant to the 
Fund Documents of the related Reference Fund and be considered effective as of such Reference Fund 
Subscription Date.  If the relevant Issue Terms do not specify a Subscription Notice Date or a 
Reference Fund Subscription Date, the Subscription Notice Date shall be deemed to be the Trade Date; 
“Trade Date” means, in respect of Fund-Linked Notes, the date specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
“Valuation Date” means, subject to the provisions of Reference Item Condition 6.4 (Consequences 
of Disrupted Days): 
(a) 
in respect of any Fund-Linked Notes relating to any Fund Interest to which Reported 
Value Method is applicable, each date specified as such or otherwise determined as 
provided in the relevant Issue Terms (or, if such date is not a Fund Business Day, the 
next following Fund Business Day); and 
(b) 
in respect of Fund-Linked Notes relating to any Fund Interest to which Deemed 
Payout Method is applicable, each date specified as such or otherwise determined as 
provided in the relevant Issue Terms (or, if such date is not a Business Day, the next 
following Business Day);

--- Page 370 ---
FUND-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-147 
 
 
“Valuation Time” means, the time on the relevant Valuation Date or Observation Date, as the case 
may be, specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if no such time is specified, (a) in respect of 
a Fund Interest to which Reported Value Method is applicable, the time as of which the Reported Fund 
Interest Value is determined, and (b) in respect of a Fund Interest to which Deemed Payout Method is 
applicable, the close of business in the Hypothetical Investor Jurisdiction on the relevant Valuation 
Date or Observation Date, as the case may be.

--- Page 371 ---
CURRENCY-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-148 
 
 
REFERENCE ITEM SCHEDULE 7 
CURRENCY LINKED NOTES 
7. 
Currency-Linked Notes 
7.1. 
Applicability 
This Reference Item Schedule 7 (Currency Linked Notes) is applicable only in relation to Notes which 
are specified to be “Currency-Linked Interest Notes” and/or “Currency-Linked Redemption Notes” or 
if “FX Principal Conversion” and/or “FX Option Conversion” is specified as Applicable (each, 
“Currency-Linked Notes”) in the relevant Issue Terms. 
7.2. 
Definitions 
The following expressions have the following meanings in the context of Currency-Linked Notes only: 
“Base Currency” means, in relation to an Exchange Rate, the currency specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms; 
“Cross-rate” means the Currency Pairs specified to comprise a Cross-rate in the relevant Issue Terms, 
where the Relevant Currency Pairs are each of the Currency Pairs specified for such Cross-rate in the 
relevant Issue Terms; 
“Currency Business Day” means, in relation to a Currency Pair, a day on which commercial banks 
are open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange in accordance with the market practice 
of the foreign exchange market) in the Currency Business Day Centre(s) specified for such Currency 
Pair in the relevant Issue Terms; 
“Currency Pair” means, in relation to an Exchange Rate, the Subject Currency and the Base Currency 
specified for such Exchange Rate in the relevant Issue Terms; 
“Exchange Rate” means, in relation to a Currency Pair and a Valuation Date, unless, in respect of 
Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement provides otherwise, an amount equal to the spot rate 
of exchange appearing on the Relevant FX Screen Page at the Valuation Time on that Valuation Date 
for the exchange of the relevant Subject Currency into the relevant Base Currency (expressed as the 
number of units (or part units) of the relevant Subject Currency for which one unit of the relevant Base 
Currency can be exchanged) or, if such rate is not available, the arithmetic average (rounded, if 
necessary, to four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded upwards)) as determined by or on 
behalf of the Calculation Agent of the bid and offer Subject Currency/Base Currency exchange rates 
(expressed as aforesaid) at the Valuation Time on such Valuation Date provided by two or more 
leading dealers (as selected by the Calculation Agent) on a foreign exchange market (as selected by 
the Calculation Agent). If fewer than two such quotes are provided, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the relevant spot rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate; 
“FX Rate” means, either (i) where “Cross-rate” is not specified as Applicable for a Currency Pair in 
the relevant Issue Terms, such Currency Pair or (ii) where “Cross-rate” is specified as Applicable for 
any Currency Pairs in the relevant Issue Terms, the relevant Cross-rate comprised of such Currency 
Pairs;

--- Page 372 ---
CURRENCY-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-149 
 
 
“Reference Price” means, in relation to an FX Rate: 
(a) 
where “Cross-rate” is not specified as Applicable for the Currency Pair comprising 
such FX Rate in the relevant Issue Terms, the Exchange Rate for the relevant 
Currency Pair; or 
(b) 
where “Cross-rate” is specified as Applicable for the Currency Pairs comprising such 
FX Rate in the relevant Issue Terms, the “product of”, the “quotient of” and/or the 
“inverse of” (in each case as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) the Reference Price 
for each of the Relevant Currency Pairs comprising the relevant Cross-rate; 
“Relevant FX Screen Page”, in relation to a Currency Pair, has the meaning given in the relevant 
Issue Terms; 
“Relevant Determination Date” means a Valuation Date, each relevant date specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms and designated as such in the relevant Payout Schedule or, in respect of Exempt Notes, 
any other relevant date specified as such in the relevant Pricing Supplement, as the case may be. 
“Subject Currency”, in relation to a Currency Pair, has the meaning given in the relevant Issue Terms; 
and 
“Valuation Date” means each relevant date specified in the relevant Issue Terms and designated as 
such in this Reference Item Schedule 7 (Currency Linked Notes), the relevant Payout Schedule or, in 
respect of Exempt Notes, in the relevant Pricing Supplement or, if any such date is not a Currency 
Business Day for all the Currency Pairs, the next following Currency Business Day for all the Currency 
Pairs; 
“Valuation Period” means each relevant period specified in the relevant Issue Terms and/or 
designated as such in the relevant Payout Schedule or, in respect of Exempt Notes, in the relevant 
Pricing Supplement; 
“Valuation Period Date” means, in respect of a Valuation Period, each of the dates specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms falling during such Valuation Period or, if no such dates are so specified:  
(i) 
where the Notes are specified in the relevant Issue Terms to relate to a single Currency Pair, 
each Currency Business Day falling during such Valuation Period; and 
(ii) 
where the Notes are specified in the relevant Issue Terms to relate to a single Cross-rate or a 
Basket of FX Rates (whether or not comprising one or more Cross-Rates), each day which is 
a Currency Business Day for all the Currency Pairs falling during such Valuation Period,  
in each case, each such date being a “Valuation Date”; and 
“Valuation Time” means, in relation to a Currency Pair and the Reference Price for such Currency 
Pair, the time specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
7.3. 
Corrections 
If the spot rate of exchange published on a Relevant FX Screen Page and which is utilised for any 
calculation or determination in respect of the Notes is subsequently corrected and the correction (the 
“Corrected Rate”) is published within one hour of the time when such spot exchange rate was first 
displayed, then such Corrected Rate shall be deemed to be the relevant spot exchange rate for the 
relevant Exchange Rate for the relevant date and the Calculation Agent shall use such Corrected Rate 
in determining the relevant amount payable in respect of the Notes.

--- Page 373 ---
COMMODITY-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-150 
 
 
REFERENCE ITEM SCHEDULE 8 
COMMODITY-LINKED NOTES 
8. 
Commodity-Linked Notes 
8.1. 
Applicability 
This Reference Item Schedule 8 (Commodity-Linked Notes) is applicable only in relation to Notes 
which are specified to be “Commodity-Linked Interest Notes” and/or “Commodity-Linked 
Redemption Notes” (each “Commodity-Linked Notes”) in the relevant Issue Terms. 
8.2. 
Market Disruption, Disruption Fallbacks 
(i) 
Market Disruption 
“Market Disruption Event” means an event that, if applicable to the Notes, would give rise, 
in accordance with an applicable Disruption Fallback, to an alternative basis for determining 
the Relevant Price in respect of a specified Commodity Reference Price or the cancellation of 
the Notes, in each case, were the event to occur or exist on a day that is a Relevant 
Determination Date (or, if different, the day on which prices for that Relevant Determination 
Date would, in the ordinary course, be published or announced by the relevant Price Source). 
Each of “Price Source Disruption”, “Trading Disruption”, “Disappearance of Commodity 
Reference Price”, “Material Change in Formula”, “Material Change in Content”, “Tax 
Disruption” and, in the case of Exempt Notes, “Additional Market Disruption Event”, in each 
case, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms or as deemed to be specified pursuant to 
Reference Item Condition 8.2(ii) (Deemed Market Disruption Events) below shall be a Market 
Disruption Event. 
(ii) 
Deemed Market Disruption Events 
If this Reference Item Condition 8.2(ii) is specified as Applicable in the relevant Terms or if 
no Market Disruption Events other than Additional Market Disruption Events (if any) are 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the following Market Disruption Events will be deemed 
to have been specified in addition to any such Additional Market Disruption Events: 
(a) 
in respect of a Commodity other than a Commodity which is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms to be a Bullion Commodity (A) “Price Source Disruption”, (B) “Trading 
Disruption”, (C) “Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price”, (D) “Material 
Change in Formula” and I “Material Change in Content”; and 
(b) 
in respect of a Commodity which is specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be a 
Bullion Commodity, (A) “Price Source Disruption”, (B) “Trading Disruption” and 
(C) “Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price”. 
(iii) 
Consequences of Market Disruption Events 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Market Disruption Event applicable to the Notes 
has occurred or exists on a day that is a Relevant Determination Date (or, if different, the day 
on which prices for that Relevant Determination Date would, in the ordinary course, be 
published or announced by the relevant Price Source), the Relevant Price for that Relevant 
Determination Date will be determined in accordance with the first applicable Disruption 
Fallback (applied in accordance with its terms) that provides the Relevant Price or, if there is

--- Page 374 ---
COMMODITY-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-151 
 
 
no such Relevant Price, the first applicable Disruption Fallback that provides for the 
cancellation of the Notes in accordance with Reference Item Condition 8.2(vi) (Cancellation) 
below. 
(iv) 
Disruption Fallbacks 
“Disruption Fallback” means the source or method that, if applicable to the Notes, may give 
rise to an alternative basis for determining the Relevant Price in respect of a specified 
Commodity Reference Price or the cancellation of the Notes when a Market Disruption Event 
occurs or exists on a day that is a Relevant Determination Date (or, if different, the day on 
which prices for that Relevant Determination Date would, in the ordinary course, be published 
or announced by the relevant Price Source). 
Each of “Fallback Reference Dealers”, “Fallback Reference Price”, “Cancellation”, 
“Postponement”, “Calculation Agent Determination” and “Delayed Publication or 
Announcement” or, in respect of Exempt Notes, such other events as specified in the relevant 
Pricing Supplement or as deemed to be specified pursuant to Reference Item Condition 8.2(v) 
(Deemed Disruption Fallbacks) below, shall be a Disruption Fallback. 
(v) 
Deemed Disruption Fallbacks 
If this Reference Item Condition 8.2(v) is specified as Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms 
or if no Disruption Fallbacks are specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the following 
Disruption Fallbacks will be deemed to have been specified (in the following order): (A) 
“Fallback Reference Price” (if an alternate Commodity Reference Price is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms), (B) “Delayed Publication or Announcement” and “Postponement” 
(each to operate concurrently with the other and each subject to two Commodity Business 
Days as the applicable Maximum Days of Disruption PROVIDED THAT the price 
determined by “Postponement” shall be the Relevant Price only if “Delayed Publication or 
Announcement” does not yield a Relevant Price within the Maximum Days of Disruption), 
(C) “Calculation Agent Determination” and (D) “Cancellation”. 
(vi) 
Cancellation 
If the applicable Disruption Fallback is “Cancellation” or if a Market Disruption Event occurs 
or exists on a day that would otherwise be a Relevant Determination Date (or, if different, the 
day on which prices for that Relevant Determination Date would, in the ordinary course, be 
published or announced by the relevant Price Source) and none of the applicable prior 
Disruption Fallbacks provides the parties with a Relevant Price, on giving notice to Holders 
in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices), the Issuer will redeem all, but not some 
only, of the Notes, each principal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount being 
redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount together with, if so specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, accrued interest. 
(vii) 
Correction of Published Prices 
If “Correction of Commodity Reference Prices” is specified as Applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms and the price of a Commodity published on any Relevant Determination Date and 
which is utilised for any calculation or determination made in respect of the Notes is 
subsequently corrected and the correction (the “Corrected Commodity Reference Price”) is 
published or announced by the person responsible for that publication or announcement prior 
to the relevant Correction Cut-Off Date specified in the relevant Issue Terms, then such 
Corrected Commodity Reference Price shall be deemed to be the price for such Commodity 
at the relevant time on such Relevant Determination Date and the Calculation Agent shall use

--- Page 375 ---
COMMODITY-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-152 
 
 
such Corrected Commodity Reference Price in determining the relevant amount payable in 
respect of the Notes. 
(viii) 
Upon the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to Holders in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). Without limiting 
the obligation of the Issuer to give notice to the Holders as set forth in the preceding sentence, 
failure by the Issuer to notify the Holders of the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event shall 
not affect the validity of the occurrence and effect of such Market Disruption Event. 
8.3. 
Commodity-Linked Notes linked to a Commodity Index or a basket of Commodity Indices 
If a Commodity is specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be a “Commodity Index”, the provisions of 
Reference Item Conditions 4.2(i), 4.2(ii) and 4.2(iv) (Adjustments to an Index) shall also apply to the 
Notes. 
For the purposes thereof: 
(i) 
the relevant Commodity shall be deemed to be an Index; and 
(ii) 
“Index Sponsor” and “Component Security” shall be as defined in Reference Item Condition 
4.4 (Definitions). 
8.4. 
Definitions 
The following expressions have the following meanings in the context of Commodity-Linked Notes 
only: 
“Additional Market Disruption Event”, in the case of Exempt Notes, has the meaning given in the 
relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“Bermudan Observation Price” means, in relation to a Commodity and a Bermudan Observation 
Date, the Reference Price for such Commodity on such Bermudan Observation Date; 
“Bullion Commodity” means each Commodity specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms; 
“Calculation Agent Determination” means that the Calculation Agent will determine the Relevant 
Price (or method for determining a Relevant Price), taking into consideration the latest available 
quotation for the relevant Commodity Reference Price and any other information that it deems 
relevant. If the Calculation Agent determines that it cannot so determine the Relevant Price (or method 
for determining a Relevant Price), the next Disruption Fallback specified or deemed to be specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms will apply; 
“Cancellation” means that the Notes will be redeemed early in accordance with the provisions of 
Reference Item Condition 8.2(vi) (Cancellation) above; 
“Commodity” means the commodity (or commodities) specified in relevant Issue Terms; 
“Commodity Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in respect of a Commodity (other than a Commodity which is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms to be a Bullion Commodity): 
(a) 
where the Commodity Reference Price for such Commodity is a price announced or 
published by an Exchange, any day that is (or, but for the occurrence of a Market 
Disruption Event, would have been) a day on which that Exchange is open for trading

--- Page 376 ---
COMMODITY-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-153 
 
 
during its regular trading session, notwithstanding that Exchange closing prior to its 
scheduled closing time; and 
(b) 
where the Commodity Reference Price for such Commodity is not a price announced 
or published by an Exchange, a day in respect of which the relevant Price Source 
published (or, but for the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, would have 
published) a price; and 
(ii) 
in respect of a Commodity which is specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be a Bullion 
Commodity, a day on which commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London and New York City or, in respect 
of Exempt Notes, as otherwise specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“Commodity Business Day Convention” means the convention for adjusting any relevant Valuation 
Date if it would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Commodity Business Day. The following terms, 
when used in conjunction with the term “Commodity Business Day Convention” and a date, will mean 
that an adjustment will be made if that date would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Commodity 
Business Day so that: 
(i) 
if “Following” is specified, that date will be the first following day that is a Commodity 
Business Day; 
(ii) 
if “Modified Following” or “Modified” is specified, that date will be the first following day 
that is a Commodity Business Day, unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which 
case, that date will be the first preceding day that is a Commodity Business Day; 
(iii) 
if “Nearest” is specified, that date will be the first preceding day that is a Commodity Business 
Day if the relevant date otherwise falls on a day other than a Sunday or a Monday and will be 
the first following day that is a Commodity Business Day if the relevant date otherwise falls 
on a Sunday or a Monday; and 
(iv) 
if “Preceding” is specified, that date will be the first preceding day that is a Commodity 
Business Day; 
“Commodity-Reference Dealers” means, in respect of a Commodity, that the price for a Relevant 
Determination Date will be determined on the basis of quotations provided by Reference Dealers for 
that Relevant Determination Date of that day’s Specified Price for a Unit of such Commodity for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, if applicable. If four quotations are provided as requested, the price for 
that Relevant Determination Date will be the arithmetic mean of the Specified Prices for such 
Commodity provided by each Reference Dealer, without regard to the Specified Prices having the 
highest and lowest values. If exactly three quotations are provided as requested, the price for that 
Relevant Determination Date will be the Specified Price provided by the relevant Reference Dealer 
that remains after disregarding the Specified Prices having the highest and lowest values. For this 
purpose, if more than one quotation has the same highest or lowest value, then the Specified Price of 
one of such quotations shall be disregarded. If fewer than three quotations are provided, it will be 
deemed that the price for the Relevant Determination Date cannot be determined. In that case, the next 
Disruption Fallback specified or deemed to be specified in the relevant Issue Terms will apply; 
“Commodity Reference Price” means, in respect of any Commodity and for the purposes of 
determining a Relevant Price, the relevant commodity reference price for such Commodity specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms; 
“Common Pricing” means, with respect to Notes linked to two or more Commodities and the related 
Commodity Reference Prices, if “Common Pricing” is specified as Applicable in the relevant Issue

--- Page 377 ---
COMMODITY-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-154 
 
 
Terms, then no date will be a Relevant Determination Date unless such date is a day for which all 
referenced Commodity Reference Prices (for which such date would otherwise be a Relevant 
Determination Date) are scheduled to be published or announced, as determined on the Trade Date of 
the Notes (any such date a “Scheduled Relevant Determination Date”). For the avoidance of doubt, 
if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of any Commodity Reference Price (the “Affected 
Commodity Reference Price”) on any such Scheduled Relevant Determination Date, the relevant 
Disruption Fallbacks will apply in respect of the Affected Commodity Reference Price only; 
“Delayed Publication or Announcement” means that the Relevant Price for a Relevant 
Determination Date will be determined based on the Specified Price in respect of the original day 
scheduled as such Relevant Determination Date that is published or announced by the relevant Price 
Source retrospectively on the first succeeding Commodity Business Day on which the Market 
Disruption Event ceases to exist, unless that Market Disruption Event continues to exist (measured 
from and including the original day that would otherwise have been the Relevant Determination Date) 
or the Relevant Price continues to be unavailable for consecutive Commodity Business Days equal in 
number to the Maximum Days of Disruption. In that case, the next Disruption Fallback specified or 
deemed to be specified in the relevant Issue Terms will apply; 
“Delivery Date” means, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price, the relevant date or month for 
delivery of the underlying Commodity (which must be a date or month reported or capable of being 
determined from information reported in or by the relevant Price Source) as follows: 
(i) 
if a date is, or a month and year are, specified in the relevant Issue Terms, that date or that 
month and year; 
(ii) 
if a Nearby Month is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the month of expiration of the 
relevant Futures Contract; and 
(iii) 
if a method is specified in the relevant Issue Terms for the purpose of determining the Delivery 
Date, the date or the month and year determined pursuant to that method; 
“Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price” means (A) the permanent discontinuation of 
trading, in the relevant Futures Contract on the relevant Exchange or (B) the disappearance of, or of 
trading in, the relevant Commodity or (C) the disappearance or permanent discontinuance or 
unavailability of a Commodity Reference Price, notwithstanding the availability of the related Price 
Source or the status of trading in the relevant Futures Contract or the relevant Commodity; 
“Exchange” means, in relation to a Commodity, each exchange or principal trading market for such 
Commodity specified in the relevant Issue Terms or any successor to such exchange or principal 
trading market; 
“Fallback Reference Dealers” means, if an alternate Commodity Reference Price is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, that the Relevant Price will be determined in accordance with Commodity 
Reference Price, “Commodity-Reference Dealers”; 
“Fallback Reference Price” means that the Calculation Agent will determine the Relevant Price 
based on the price for that Relevant Determination Date of the first alternate Commodity Reference 
Price, if any, specified in the relevant Issue Terms and not subject to a Market Disruption Event; 
“Futures Contract” means, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price, the contract for future 
delivery of a contract size in respect of the relevant Delivery Date relating to the Commodity referred 
to in that Commodity Reference Price;

--- Page 378 ---
COMMODITY-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-155 
 
 
“Material Change in Content” means the occurrence since the Trade Date of a material change in 
the content, composition or constitution of the relevant Commodity or the relevant Futures Contract; 
“Material Change in Formula” means the occurrence since the Trade Date of a material change in 
the formula for or the method of calculating the relevant Commodity Reference Price; 
“Maximum Days of Disruption” means the number of Commodity Business Days specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms or, if no such number is so specified, five Commodity Business Days; 
“Nearby Month” when preceded by a numerical adjective, means, in respect of a Delivery Date and 
a Relevant Determination Date, the month of expiration of the Futures Contract identified by that 
numerical adjective, so that, for example, (A) “First Nearby Month” means the month of expiration of 
the first Futures Contract to expire following that Relevant Determination Date and (B) “Second 
Nearby Month” means the month of expiration of the second Futures Contract to expire following that 
Relevant Determination Date etc.; 
“Observation Date” means, in relation to a Commodity and an Observation Period, each Commodity 
Business Day for such Commodity during such Observation Period; 
“Observation Period” means each relevant period specified in the relevant Issue Terms and 
designated as such in the relevant Payout Schedule or, in respect of Exempt Notes, in the relevant 
Pricing Supplement; 
“Observation Price” means, (1) where the Notes relate to a single Commodity or for the purposes of 
determining the Nth Performing Reference Item and in relation to a Commodity, an Observation 
Period and each Observation Date for such Commodity during such Observation Period, the Relevant 
Price for the relevant Commodity Reference Price at any time during continuous trading hours as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on each Observation Date during such Observation Period during 
which no event giving rise to a Market Disruption Event in respect of such Commodity has occurred 
or is occurring or, (2) where the Notes relate to a Basket of Commodities and in respect of a 
Commodity, an Observation Period and each Relevant Observation Date during such Observation 
Period, the Relevant Price of such Commodity at any time during continuous trading hours will be 
determined as the Relevant Price determined by the Calculation Agent for such Commodity. For these 
purposes “Relevant Observation Date” means a day that is an Observation Date for all Commodities 
in the Basket and on which no event giving rise to a Disrupted Day in relation to any Commodity has 
occurred or is occurring at any time on such day.   
If one or more event(s) giving rise to a Market Disruption Event in respect of a Commodity have 
occurred and/or occur during the entire Observation Period, the Observation Price for the entire 
Observation Period shall be as determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, having regard to 
the then prevailing market conditions, the last reported Relevant Price of any relevant Commodity 
prior to the occurrence of the event(s) giving rise to a Market Disruption Event and such other factors 
as the Calculation Agent considers relevant; 
“Postponement” means, in respect of a Valuation Date, that such Valuation Date will be deemed, for 
purposes of the application of this Disruption Fallback only, to be the first succeeding Commodity 
Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases to exist, unless that Market Disruption 
Event continues to exist (measured from and including the original day that would otherwise have 
been such Valuation Date) for consecutive Commodity Business Days equal in number to the 
Maximum Days of Disruption. In that case, the next Disruption Fallback specified or deemed to be 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms will apply; 
“Price Materiality Percentage” has the meaning given in the relevant Issue Terms;

--- Page 379 ---
COMMODITY-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-156 
 
 
“Price Source” means the publication (or such other origin of reference, including an Exchange) 
containing (or reporting) the Specified Price (or prices from which the Specified Price is calculated) 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms or any successor; 
“Price Source Disruption” means (A) the failure of the relevant Price Source to announce or publish 
the Specified Price (or the information necessary for determining the Specified Price) for the relevant 
Commodity Reference Price, (B) the temporary or permanent discontinuance or unavailability of the 
relevant Price Source, (C) if a Commodity Reference Price is “Commodity-Reference Dealers”, the 
failure to obtain at least three quotations as requested from the relevant Reference Dealers or (D) if a 
Price Materiality Percentage is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Specified Price for the 
relevant Commodity Reference Price differs from the Specified Price determined in accordance with 
the Commodity Reference Price “Commodity Reference Dealers” by such Price Materiality 
Percentage; 
“Reference Dealers” means the four dealers specified in the relevant Issue Terms or, if four dealers 
are not so specified, four leading dealers in the relevant market selected by the Calculation Agent; 
“Reference Price” means, in relation to a Commodity Reference Price and a Valuation Date, unless, 
in respect of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement provides otherwise, an amount equal to 
the Relevant Price as determined by the Calculation Agent for that Valuation Date; 
“Relevant Determination Date” means an Observation Date or a Valuation Date, each relevant date 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms and designated as such in the relevant Payout Schedule or, in 
respect of Exempt Notes, any other relevant date specified as such in the relevant Pricing Supplement, 
as the case may be; 
“Relevant Price” means, in respect of a Commodity and a Relevant Determination Date, the price, 
expressed as a price per Unit, determined with respect to that day for the relevant Commodity 
Reference Price; 
“Scheduled Valuation Date” means, in relation to a Valuation Date, any original date that, but for 
the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, would have been that Valuation Date; 
“Specified Price” means, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price, the price (which must be a price 
reported in or by, or capable of being determined from information reported in or by, the relevant Price 
Source) specified in the relevant Issue Terms (and, if applicable, as of the time so specified); 
“Tax Disruption” means the imposition of, change in or removal of an excise, severance, sales, use, 
value-added, transfer, stamp, documentary, recording or similar tax on, or measured by reference to, 
the relevant Commodity (other than a tax on, or measured by reference to overall gross or net income) 
by any government or taxation authority after the Trade Date, if the direct effect of such imposition, 
change or removal is to raise or lower the Relevant Price on the day that would otherwise be a Relevant 
Determination Date from what it would have been without that imposition, change or removal; 
“Trade Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms; 
“Trading Disruption” means the material suspension of, or the material limitation imposed on, 
trading in the relevant Futures Contract or the relevant Commodity on the relevant Exchange or in any 
additional futures contract, options contract or commodity on any relevant Exchange as specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms. For these purposes: 
(i) 
a suspension of the trading in the relevant Futures Contract or the relevant Commodity on any 
Commodity Business Day shall be deemed to be material only if:

--- Page 380 ---
COMMODITY-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-157 
 
 
(a) 
all trading in the relevant Futures Contract or the relevant Commodity is suspended 
for an entire Relevant Determination Date; or 
(b) 
all trading in the relevant Futures Contract or the relevant Commodity is suspended 
subsequent to the opening of trading on a Relevant Determination Date, trading does 
not recommence prior to the regularly scheduled close of trading in such Futures 
Contract or Commodity on such Relevant Determination Date and such suspension is 
announced less than one hour preceding its commencement; and 
(ii) 
a limitation of trading in the relevant Futures Contract or the relevant Commodity on any 
Commodity Business Day shall be deemed to be material only if the relevant Exchange 
establishes limits on the range within which the price of the relevant Futures Contract or the 
relevant Commodity may fluctuate and the closing or settlement price of the relevant Futures 
Contract or the relevant Commodity on such day is at the upper or lower limit of that range; 
“Unit” means, in respect of a Commodity, the unit of measure of such Commodity, as specified in the 
relevant Commodity Reference Price or the relevant Issue Terms, as the case may be; and 
“Valid Date” means, in relation to an Commodity, a Commodity Business Day for such Commodity 
on which a Market Disruption Event in respect of such Commodity has not occurred and on which 
another Valuation Date does not or is not deemed to occur; 
“Valuation Date” means each relevant date specified in the relevant Issue Terms and designated as 
such in this Reference Item Schedule 8 (Commodity-Linked Notes), the relevant Payout Schedule or, 
in respect of Exempt Notes, in the relevant Pricing Supplement, adjusted in accordance with the 
applicable Commodity Business Day Convention. 
If “Option Pricing” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms to apply to the relevant Valuation Date 
and: 
(i) 
if “Postponement” is specified as Applicable to the relevant Valuation Date in the relevant 
Issue Terms or if none of “Postponement”, “Modified Postponement” or “Omission” is so 
specified: 
(A) 
where the Notes are specified in the relevant Issue Terms to relate to a single 
Commodity, that Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding Commodity 
Business Day on which no Market Disruption Event occurs, unless a Market 
Disruption Event occurs on each of the eight Commodity Business Days 
immediately following the relevant Scheduled Valuation Date. In that case 
(x) the eighth Commodity Business Day shall be deemed to be that Valuation 
Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a day on which a Market 
Disruption Event has occurred, and (y) the provisions of Reference Item 
Condition 8.2(iii) (Consequences of Market Disruption Events) shall apply 
thereto; or 
(B) 
where the Notes are specified in the relevant Issue Terms to relate to a Basket 
of Commodities, that Valuation Date for each Commodity not affected by the 
occurrence of a Market Disruption Event shall be the relevant Scheduled 
Valuation Date and that Valuation Date for each Commodity affected (each 
an “Affected Commodity”) by a Market Disruption Event shall be the first 
succeeding Commodity Business Day for the Affected Commodity on which 
no Market Disruption Event relating to the Affected Commodity has occurred 
unless a Market Disruption Event relating to the Affected Commodity occurs 
on each of the eight Commodity Business Days for the Affected Commodity

--- Page 381 ---
COMMODITY-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-158 
 
 
immediately following the relevant Scheduled Valuation Date. In that case 
(x) that eighth Commodity Business Day shall be deemed to be that Valuation 
Date for the Affected Commodity, notwithstanding the fact that a Market 
Disruption Event in respect of such Affected Commodity has occurred on 
such day, and (y) the provisions of Reference Item Condition 8.2(iii) 
(Consequences of Market Disruption Events) shall apply thereto; or 
(ii) 
if “Modified Postponement” is specified as Applicable to the relevant Valuation Date in the 
relevant Issue Terms: 
(A) 
where the Notes relate to a single Commodity, that Valuation Date shall be 
the first succeeding Valid Date. If the first succeeding Valid Date has not 
occurred as of the Valuation Time on the eighth Commodity Business Day 
immediately following the final Scheduled Valuation Date relating to the 
relevant determination, as determined by the Calculation Agent, then (A) that 
eighth Commodity Business Day shall be deemed to be that Valuation Date 
(irrespective of whether the eighth Commodity Business Day is already a 
Valuation Date), and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant 
price for that Valuation Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (i)(A)(y) 
above; and 
(B) 
where the Notes relate to a Basket of Commodities, that Valuation Date for 
each Commodity not affected by the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event 
shall be the relevant Scheduled Valuation Date and that Valuation Date for 
each Commodity affected by the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event 
(each an “Affected Commodity”) shall be the first succeeding Valid Date in 
relation to the Affected Commodity. If the first succeeding Valid Date in 
relation to the Affected Commodity has not occurred as of the eighth 
Commodity Business Day for the Affected Commodity immediately 
following the final Scheduled Valuation Date relating to the relevant 
determination, as determined by the Calculation Agent, then (A) that eighth 
Commodity Business Day shall be deemed to be that Valuation Date 
(irrespective of whether that eighth Commodity Business Day is already an 
Valuation Date) in relation to such Affected Commodity, and (B) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant price for such Valuation Date 
in accordance with sub-paragraph (i)(B)(y) above; or 
(iii) 
if “Omission” is specified as Applicable to the relevant Valuation Date in the relevant Issue 
Terms, then such date will be deemed not to be a relevant Valuation Date for the purposes of 
the relevant determination provided that, if through the operation of this provision there would 
not be a relevant Valuation Date for the relevant determination, then the provisions of 
paragraph (i) above will apply for the purposes of determining the relevant price in respect of 
the final Scheduled Valuation Date for the relevant determination, as if such Valuation Date 
were a Valuation Date on which a Market Disruption Event had occurred for any of the 
Commodities; 
“Valuation Period” means each relevant period specified in the relevant Issue Terms and/or 
designated as such in the relevant Payout Schedule or, in respect of Exempt Notes, in the relevant 
Pricing Supplement; and 
“Valuation Period Date” means, in respect of a Valuation Period, each of the dates specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms falling during such Valuation Period or, if no such dates are so specified:

--- Page 382 ---
COMMODITY-LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
E-159 
 
 
(i) 
where the Notes are specified in the relevant Issue Terms to relate to a single Commodity, 
each Commodity Business Day falling during such Valuation Period; and 
(ii) 
where the Notes are specified in the relevant Issue Terms to relate to a Basket of Commodities, 
each day which is a Commodity Business Day for all the Commodities falling during such 
Valuation Period and Common Pricing shall be deemed to apply,  
in each case, each such date being a “Valuation Date”.

--- Page 383 ---
ADDITIONAL DISRUPTION EVENTS 
 
 
 
 
E-160 
 
 
REFERENCE ITEM SCHEDULE 9 
ADDITIONAL DISRUPTION EVENTS 
1. 
Additional Disruption Events 
1.1. 
Additional Disruption Event 
If “Additional Disruption Events” are specified as Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, then if an 
Additional Disruption Event occurs, the Issuer may take the action described in (i) or (ii) below: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to 
any of the terms of the Terms and Conditions to account for the Additional Disruption Event 
and determine the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(ii) 
give notice to the Holders in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices) and redeem all, 
but not some only, of the Notes, each principal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation 
Amount being redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount together with, if so specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, accrued interest. 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the Holders in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices) stating the occurrence 
of the Additional Disruption Event, as the case may be, giving details thereof and the action proposed 
to be taken in relation thereto. 
1.2. 
Definitions 
The following expressions have the following meanings in the context of Additional Disruption Events 
only: 
“Additional Disruption Event” means any of Change of Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost 
of Hedging, Increased Cost of Stock Borrow (applicable only for Index-Linked Notes and Equity-
Linked Notes), Insolvency Filing (applicable only for Equity-Linked Notes) and/or Loss of Stock 
Borrow (applicable only for Index-Linked Notes and Equity-Linked Notes), in each case if specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms as being applicable; 
“Change in Law” means that, on or after the Trade Date (A) due to the adoption of or any change in 
any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing 
authority), the Calculation Agent determines that (X) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose 
of any relevant Hedging Position or (Y) the Issuer will incur a materially increased cost in performing 
its obligations in relation to the Notes and/or the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates and/or any Hedging 
Party will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations in relation to any hedging 
activities of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates in respect of the Notes (including, without limitation, 
due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on the tax position 
of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates and/or any Hedging Party); 
“Hedging Disruption” means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates and/or any Hedging Party is 
unable, or it is impracticable for the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates and/or any Hedging Party, after 
using commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary or appropriate to hedge the 
equity or other price risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes 
and/or any hedging activities of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates and/or any Hedging Party in

--- Page 384 ---
ADDITIONAL DISRUPTION EVENTS 
 
 
 
 
E-161 
 
 
respect of the Notes, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s) 
including, without limitation, (in respect of Equity-Linked Notes (where an Underlying Equity is 
specified to be an ETF Share in the relevant Issue Terms) or Fund-Linked Notes) where such inability 
or impracticability has arisen by reason of (A) any restrictions or increase in charges or fees imposed 
by the relevant Fund on any investor’s ability to redeem the relevant ETF Share or Fund Interest, in 
whole or in part, or any existing or new investor’s ability to make new or additional investments in 
such ETF Share or Fund Interest or (B) any mandatory redemption, in whole or in part of the relevant 
ETF Share or Fund Interest imposed by the relevant Fund (in each case, other than any restriction in 
existence on the Trade Date); 
“Hedging Party” means any party to the Issuer’s and/or any of its Affiliates’ hedging activities in 
respect of the Notes; 
“Hedging Position” means any one or more of (i) positions or contracts (as applicable) in securities, 
futures contracts, options contracts, other derivative contracts or foreign exchange; (ii) stock loan 
transactions; or (iii) other instruments or arrangements (however described) entered into by a Hedging 
Party in order to hedge, individually or on a portfolio (or “book”) basis, the Notes; 
“Hedging Shares” means the number of Underlying Equities (in the case of Equity-Linked Notes) or 
Component Securities comprised in an Index (in the case of Index-Linked Notes) that the Issuer deems 
necessary to hedge the equity or other price risk of entering into and performing its obligations with 
respect to the Notes or any Hedging Party deems necessary to hedge the equity or other price risk of 
entering into and performing its obligations in respect of any hedging activities of the Issuer and/or 
any of its Affiliates in respect of the Notes, as the case may be; 
“Increased Cost of Hedging” means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates and/or any Hedging 
Party would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) 
amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re-
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary 
or appropriate to hedge the equity or other price risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations 
with respect to the Notes, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or 
asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the 
deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an 
Increased Cost of Hedging; 
“Increased Cost of Stock Borrow” means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a 
rate to borrow any Underlying Equity (in the case of Equity-Linked Notes) or any Component Security 
comprised in an Index (in the case of Index-Linked Notes) that is greater than the Initial Stock Loan 
Rate; 
“Initial Stock Loan Rate” means, in respect of an Underlying Equity (in the case of Equity-Linked 
Notes) or a Component Security comprised in an Index (in the case of Index-Linked Notes), the Initial 
Stock Loan Rate specified in relation to such Underlying Equity or Component Security in the relevant 
Issue Terms; 
“Insolvency Filing” means that an Equity Issuer institutes or has instituted against it by a regulator, 
supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over 
it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, 
or it consents to a proceeding seeking a judgement of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief 
under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition 
is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official or it 
consents to such a petition, provided that proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and 
not consented to by the Equity Issuer shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing;

--- Page 385 ---
ADDITIONAL DISRUPTION EVENTS 
 
 
 
 
E-162 
 
 
“Loss of Stock Borrow” means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates and/or any Hedging Party 
is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) any 
Underlying Equity (in the case of Equity-Linked Notes) or any Component Securities comprised in an 
Index (in the case of Index-Linked Notes) in an amount equal to the Hedging Shares at a rate equal to 
or less than the Maximum Stock Loan Rate; and 
“Maximum Stock Loan Rate” means, in respect of an Underlying Equity (in the case of Equity-
Linked Notes) or a Component Security comprised in an Index (in the case of Index-Linked Notes), 
the Maximum Stock Loan Rate specified in the relevant Issue Terms.

--- Page 386 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - INTEREST 
 
 
 
 
E-163 
 
 
PAYOUT SCHEDULE 1 
INTEREST 
1. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
1.1. 
Application 
This Interest Payout Condition 1 is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being applicable to one or more Interest Period(s). 
1.2. 
Fixed Coupon Amount and Interest Amount 
Where “Accrual” is specified as Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms in respect of Fixed Rate Notes 
(“Fixed Accrual Notes”), unless otherwise specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement in respect of 
Exempt Notes and subject as otherwise provided herein, the Interest Amount payable in respect of the 
Calculation Amount for each relevant Interest Period shall be determined as provided in Interest 
Payout Condition 6.2 (Calculation of Interest Amount) below. 
Where “Accrual” is specified as Not Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms in respect of Fixed Rate 
Notes (“Fixed Amount Notes”), unless otherwise specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement in 
respect of Exempt Notes and subject as otherwise provided herein, the amount of interest payable in 
respect of the Calculation Amount for each relevant Interest Period shall be the Fixed Coupon Amount 
determined as provided in Interest Payout Condition 6.2 (Calculation of Interest Amount) below. 
2. 
Variable Rate Note Provisions 
2.1. 
Application 
This Interest Payout Condition 2 is applicable to the Notes only if the Variable Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being applicable to one or more Interest Period(s). 
2.2. 
Types of Variable Rate Notes 
(i) 
Floating Rate Notes 
This Interest Payout Condition 2.2(i) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being applicable to one or more Interest 
Period(s).  The Reference Item in respect of Floating Rate Notes shall only be an Underlying 
Rate or an Inflation Index. 
(A) 
Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
Where the relevant Issue Terms specifies that the Floating Rate Note Provisions 
apply, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes in respect of each relevant Interest 
Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following 
formula: 
 
(B) 
Definitions relating to Floating Rate Notes 
“Leverage” means (a) either the percentage specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms or, in respect of an Interest Period, the percentage specified as such for such

--- Page 387 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - INTEREST 
 
 
 
 
E-164 
 
 
Interest Period in the relevant Issue Terms or (b) if Leverage is specified as Not 
Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 100 per cent.; 
“Margin” means (a) either the percentage specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms or, in respect of an Interest Period, the percentage specified as such for such 
Interest Period in the relevant Issue Terms or (b) if Margin is specified as Not 
Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, zero; and 
“Relevant Rate” means, in relation to an Interest Period and the Interest 
Determination Date (t) for such Interest Period and the relevant Reference Item (i), 
the Reference Price for such Reference Item (i) in relation to such Interest 
Determination Date (t). 
(ii) 
Capped Floating Rate Notes 
This Interest Payout Condition 2.2(ii) is applicable to the Notes only if the Capped Floating 
Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being applicable to one or 
more Interest Period(s). The Reference Item in respect of Capped Floating Rate Notes shall 
only be an Underlying Rate or an Inflation Index. 
(A) 
Rate of Interest in respect of Capped Floating Rate Notes 
Where the relevant Issue Terms specifies that the Capped Floating Rate Note 
Provisions apply, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes in respect of each 
relevant Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to 
the following formula: 
 
(B) 
Definitions relating to Capped Floating Rate Notes 
“Cap” means either the percentage specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, 
in respect of an Interest Period, the percentage specified as such for such Interest 
Period in the relevant Issue Terms; 
“Leverage” means (a) either the percentage specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms or, in respect of an Interest Period, the percentage specified as such for such 
Interest Period in the relevant Issue Terms or (b) if Leverage is specified as Not 
Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 100 per cent.; 
“Margin” means (a) either the percentage specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms or, in respect of an Interest Period, the percentage specified as such for such 
Interest Period in the relevant Issue Terms or (b) if Margin is specified as Not 
Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, zero; and 
“Relevant Rate” means, in relation to an Interest Period and the Interest 
Determination Date (t) for such Interest Period and the relevant Reference Item (i), 
the Reference Price for such Reference Item (i) in relation to such Interest 
Determination Date (t).

--- Page 388 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - INTEREST 
 
 
 
 
E-165 
 
 
(iii) 
Floored Floating Rate Notes 
This Interest Payout Condition 2.2(iii) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floored Floating 
Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being applicable to one or 
more Interest Period(s). The Reference Item in respect of Floored Floating Rate Notes shall 
only be an Underlying Rate or an Inflation Index. 
(A) 
Rate of Interest in respect of Floored Floating Rate Notes 
Where the relevant Issue Terms specifies that the Floored Floating Rate Note 
Provisions apply, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes in respect of each 
relevant Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to 
the following formula: 
 
(B) 
Definitions relating to Floored Floating Rate Notes 
“Floor” means either the percentage specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, 
in respect of an Interest Period, the percentage specified as such for such Interest 
Period in the relevant Issue Terms; 
“Leverage” means (a) either the percentage specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms or, in respect of an Interest Period, the percentage specified as such for such 
Interest Period in the relevant Issue Terms or (b) if Leverage is specified as Not 
Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 100 per cent.; 
“Margin” means (a) either the percentage specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms or, in respect of an Interest Period, the percentage specified as such for such 
Interest Period in the relevant Issue Terms or (b) if Margin is specified as Not 
Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, zero; and 
“Relevant Rate” means, in relation to an Interest Period and the Interest 
Determination Date (t) for such Interest Period and the relevant Reference Item (i), 
the Reference Price for such Reference Item (i) in relation to such Interest 
Determination Date (t). 
(iv) 
Collared Floating Rate Notes 
This Interest Payout Condition 2.2(iv) is applicable to the Notes only if the Collared Floating 
Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being applicable to one or 
more Interest Period(s).  The Reference Item in respect of Collared Floating Rate Notes shall 
only be an Underlying Rate or an Inflation Index. 
(A) 
Rate of Interest in respect of Collared Floating Rate Notes 
Where the relevant Issue Terms specifies that the Collared Floating Rate Note 
Provisions apply, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes in respect of each 
relevant Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to 
the following formula: 
 
(B) 
Definitions relating to Collared Floating Rate Notes

--- Page 389 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - INTEREST 
 
 
 
 
E-166 
 
 
“Cap” means either the percentage specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, 
in respect of an Interest Period, the percentage specified as such for such Interest 
Period in the relevant Issue Terms; 
“Floor” means either the percentage specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, 
in respect of an Interest Period, the percentage specified as such for such Interest 
Period in the relevant Issue Terms; 
“Leverage” means (a) either the percentage as such specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms or, in respect of an Interest Period, the percentage specified as such for such 
Interest Period in the relevant Issue Terms or (b) if Leverage is specified as Not 
Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 100 per cent.; 
“Margin” means (a) either the percentage specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms or, in respect of an Interest Period, the percentage specified as such for such 
Interest Period in the relevant Issue Terms or (b) if Margin is specified as Not 
Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, zero; and 
“Relevant Rate” means, in relation to an Interest Period and the Interest 
Determination Date (t) for such Interest Period and the relevant Reference Item (i), 
the Reference Price for such Reference Item (i) in relation to such Interest 
Determination Date (t). 
(v) 
Reverse Floating Rate Notes 
This Interest Payout Condition 2.2(v) is applicable to the Notes only if the Reverse Floating 
Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being applicable to one or 
more Interest Period(s).  The Reference Item in respect of Reverse Floating Rate Notes shall 
only be an Underlying Rate or an Inflation Index. 
(A) 
Rate of Interest in respect of Reverse Floating Rate Notes 
Where the relevant Issue Terms specifies that the Reverse Floating Rate Note 
Provisions apply, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes in respect of each 
relevant Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to 
the following formula: 
 
(B) 
Definitions relating to Reverse Floating Rate Notes 
“Cap” means (a) either the percentage specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms 
or, in respect of an Interest Period, the percentage specified as such for such Interest 
Period in the relevant Issue Terms or (b) if Cap is specified as Not Applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, infinity; 
“Floor” means either the percentage specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, 
in respect of an Interest Period, the percentage specified as such for such Interest 
Period in the relevant Issue Terms or (b) if Floor is specified as Not Applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, zero; 
“Leverage” means (a) either the percentage specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms or, in respect of an Interest Period, the percentage specified as such for such

--- Page 390 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - INTEREST 
 
 
 
 
E-167 
 
 
Interest Period in the relevant Issue Terms or (b) if Leverage is specified as Not 
Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 100 per cent.; 
“Relevant Rate” means, in relation to an Interest Period and the Interest 
Determination Date (t) for such Interest Period and the relevant Reference Item (i), 
the Reference Price for such Reference Item (i) in relation to such Interest 
Determination Date (t); and 
“Specified Rate” means either the percentage specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms or, in respect of an Interest Period, the percentage specified as such for such 
Interest Period in the relevant Issue Terms. 
(vi) 
Steepener Notes 
This Interest Payout Condition 2.2(vi) is applicable to the Notes only if the Steepener Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being applicable to one or more Interest 
Period(s).  The Reference Item in respect of Steepener Notes shall only be an Underlying Rate 
or an Inflation Index. 
(A) 
Rate of Interest in respect of Steepener Notes 
Where the relevant Issue Terms specifies that the Steepener Note Provisions apply, 
the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes in respect of each relevant Interest Period 
will be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
(B) 
Definitions relating to Steepener Notes 
“Cap” means (a) either the percentage specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms 
or, in respect of an Interest Period, the percentage specified as such for such Interest 
Period in the relevant Issue Terms or (b) if Cap is specified as Not Applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, infinity; 
“Floor” means (a) either the percentage specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms 
or, in respect of an Interest Period, the percentage specified as such for such Interest 
Period in the relevant Issue Terms or (b) if Floor is specified as Not Applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, zero; 
“Leverage” means (a) either the percentage specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms or, in respect of an Interest Period, the percentage specified as such for such 
Interest Period in the relevant Issue Terms or (b) if Leverage is specified as Not 
Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 100 per cent.; 
“Strike Rate” means either the percentage specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms or, in respect of an Interest Period, the percentage specified as such for such 
Interest Period in the relevant Issue Terms; and 
“Relevant Rate” means, in relation to an Interest Period and the Interest 
Determination Date (t) for such Interest Period and the relevant Reference Item (i), 
the Reference Price for such Reference Item (i) in relation to such Interest 
Determination Date (t).

--- Page 391 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - INTEREST 
 
 
 
 
E-168 
 
 
(vii) 
Snowball Notes 
This Interest Payout Condition 2.2(vii) is applicable to the Notes only if the Snowball Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being applicable to one or more Interest 
Period(s).  The Reference Item in respect of Snowball Notes shall only be an Underlying Rate 
or an Inflation Index. 
(A) 
Rate of Interest in respect of Snowball Notes 
Where the relevant Issue Terms specifies that the Snowball Note Provisions apply, 
the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes in respect of each relevant Interest Period 
will be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
(B) 
Definitions relating to Snowball Notes 
“Cap” means (a) either the percentage specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms 
or, in respect of an Interest Period, the percentage specified as such for such Interest 
Period in the relevant Issue Terms or (b) if Cap is specified as Not Applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, infinity; 
“Floor” means (a) either the percentage specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms 
or, in respect of an Interest Period, the percentage specified as such for such Interest 
Period in the relevant Issue Terms or (b) if Floor is specified as Not Applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, zero; 
“Leverage” means (a) either the percentage specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms or, in respect of an Interest Period, the percentage specified as such for such 
Interest Period in the relevant Issue Terms or (b) if Leverage is specified as Not 
Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 100 per cent.; 
“Rate of Interestt-1” means, in respect of an Interest Period (t), the Rate of Interest 
for the immediately preceding Interest Period (t-1) or, in respect of the first Interest 
Period, the “Rate of Interestt=0” specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
“Relevant Rate” means, in relation to an Interest Period and the Interest 
Determination Date (t) for such Interest Period and the relevant Reference Item (i), 
the Reference Price for such Reference Item (i) in relation to such Interest 
Determination Date (t); and 
“Snowball Amountt” means, in respect of an Interest Period (t), the Snowball 
Amount for such Interest Period (t) specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
(viii) 
Range Accrual Notes 
This Interest Payout Condition 2.2(viii) is applicable to the Notes only if the Range Accrual 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being applicable to one or more Interest 
Period(s).

--- Page 392 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - INTEREST 
 
 
 
 
E-169 
 
 
(A) 
Rate of Interest in respect of Range Accrual Notes 
Where the relevant Issue Terms specifies that the Range Accrual Provisions apply, 
the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes in respect of each relevant Interest Period 
will be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
(B) 
Definitions relating to Range Accrual Notes 
“Interest Determination Date” means, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in 
any relevant Payout Schedule and in respect of an Interest Observation Date, such 
Interest Observation Date or, if such Interest Observation Date is not a Range Accrual 
Business Day, the immediately preceding Range Accrual Business Day, each such 
date being a “Relevant Determination Date”. For the avoidance of doubt, a Range 
Accrual Business Day may be the Interest Determination Date for more than one 
Interest Observation Date. Where the relevant Reference Item is an Underlying Rate 
specified to be determined in accordance with ISDA Determination, the relevant 
Reset Date for the determination of such Underlying Rate on an Interest 
Determination Date shall be deemed to be such Interest Determination Date and the 
relevant Underlying Rate shall be the relevant rate which appears on the relevant page 
or price source at the relevant time on the applicable Reset Date (and anything to the 
contrary in the ISDA Definitions shall be construed accordingly); 
“Interest Observation Date” means each calendar day or Business Day or weekly, 
monthly or quarterly day or other date(s) specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms; 
“Lower Barrier” means either the percentage specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms or, in respect of an Interest Period, the percentage specified as such for such 
Interest Period in the relevant Issue Terms; 
“m” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the number of Interest Observation Dates 
in such Interest Period for which Reference Pricet is equal to or greater than the Lower 
Barrier and equal to or less than the Upper Barrier; 
“M” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the total number of Interest Observation 
Dates in such Interest Period; 
“Range Accrual Business Day” means, in respect of the relevant Reference Item and 
(i) in relation to Rate-Linked Notes and Inflation-Linked Notes, a Business Day, (ii) 
in relation to Index-Linked Notes and Equity-Linked Notes, a Scheduled Trading Day 
which is not a Disrupted Day, (iii) in relation to Fund-Linked Notes, a Fund Business 
Day which is not a Disrupted Day and (iv) in relation to Currency-Linked Notes, a 
Currency Business Day for all the Currency Pairs and (v) in relation to Commodity-
Linked Notes, a Commodity Business Day on which a Market Disruption Event does 
not occur or exist; 
“Range Accrual Cut-off Date” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the date 
falling the number of Business Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms

--- Page 393 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - INTEREST 
 
 
 
 
E-170 
 
 
immediately preceding the Interest Period Date falling at the end of such Interest 
Period; 
“Reference Pricet” means, in respect of an Interest Observation Date and the related 
Interest Determination Date (t), the Reference Price of the Reference Item in respect 
of such related Interest Determination Date (t), provided that, if a Range Accrual Cut-
off Date is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, Reference Pricet for each Interest 
Observation Date falling after the Range Accrual Cut-off Date for the relevant Interest 
Period shall be deemed to be Reference Pricet for the Interest Observation Date falling 
on or immediately preceding the Range Accrual Cut-off Date for the relevant Interest 
Period; 
“Specified Rate 1” means either the rate specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms 
or, in respect of an Interest Period, the rate specified as such for such Interest Period 
in the relevant Issue Terms; 
“Specified Rate 2” means either the rate specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms 
or, in respect of an Interest Period, the rate specified as such for such Interest Period 
in the relevant Issue Terms; and 
“Upper Barrier” means either the percentage specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms or, in respect of an Interest Period, the percentage specified as such for such 
Interest Period in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ix) 
Binary Rate Notes 
This Interest Payout Condition 2.2(ix) is applicable to the Notes only if the Binary Rate 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being applicable to one or more Interest 
Period(s). The Reference Item in respect of Binary Rate Notes shall only be an Underlying 
Rate or an Inflation Index. 
(A) 
Rate of Interest in respect of Binary Rate Notes 
Where the relevant Issue Terms specifies that the Binary Rate Provisions apply, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes in respect of each relevant Interest Period will 
be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following: 
(a) 
if Reference Pricet is equal to or greater than the Lower Barrier and equal to 
or less than the Upper Barrier, Specified Rate 1; or 
(b) 
otherwise, Specified Rate 2. 
(B) 
Definitions relating to Binary Rate Notes 
“Specified Rate 1” means either the rate specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms 
or, in respect of an Interest Period, the rate specified as such for such Interest Period 
in the relevant Issue Terms; 
“Specified Rate 2” means either the rate specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms 
or, in respect of an Interest Period, the rate specified as such for such Interest Period 
in the relevant Issue Terms;

--- Page 394 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - INTEREST 
 
 
 
 
E-171 
 
 
“Lower Barrier” means either the percentage specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms or, in respect of an Interest Period, the percentage specified as such for such 
Interest Period in the relevant Issue Terms; 
“Reference Pricet” means, in respect of an Interest Period and the Interest 
Determination Date (t) in respect of such Interest Period and the relevant Reference 
Item (i), the Reference Price for such Reference Item (i) in relation to such Interest 
Determination Date (t); and 
“Upper Barrier” means either the percentage specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms or, in respect of an Interest Period, the percentage specified as such for such 
Interest Period in the relevant Issue Terms. 
(x) 
Inflation Adjusted Interest Notes 
This Interest Payout Condition 2.2(x) is applicable to the Notes only if the Inflation Adjusted 
Interest Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being applicable to one 
or more Interest Period(s). The Reference Item in respect of Inflation Adjusted Interest Notes 
shall only be an Inflation Index. 
(A) 
Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Adjusted Interest Notes 
Where the relevant Issue Terms specifies that the Inflation Adjusted Interest 
Provisions apply, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes in respect of each 
relevant Interest period will be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to 
the following formula: 
 
(B) 
Definitions relating to Inflation Adjusted Interest Notes 
“Reference Pricet” means, in respect of an Inflation Index and an Interest Period and 
the Interest Determination Date (t) for such Interest Period, the Reference Price for 
such Inflation Index for such Interest Determination Date (t); and 
“Specified Rate” means either the interest rate specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms or, in respect of an Interest Period, the interest rate specified for such Interest 
Period in the relevant Issue Terms. 
2.3. 
Definitions applicable to Variable Rate Notes 
The following expression has the following meaning for the purposes of this Interest Payout Condition 
2 (Variable Rate Note Provisions): 
“Interest Determination Date” means, subject as otherwise provided in this Payout Schedule 1 
(Interest) and in respect of an Interest Period, (i) the date or dates specified for such Interest Period in 
the relevant Issue Terms or (ii) in respect of Underlying Rates for which ISDA Determination is 
specified as the manner in which the relevant Underlying Rate is to be determined, the date in respect 
of which the relevant rate is to be determined as specified in the ISDA Definitions and, in either case, 
where applicable, each such date being a “Relevant Determination Date”.

--- Page 395 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - INTEREST 
 
 
 
 
E-172 
 
 
3. 
Reference Item-Linked Interest Notes 
3.1. 
Application 
This Interest Payout Condition 3 is applicable to the Notes only if the Reference Item-Linked Interest 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being applicable to one or more Interest 
Period(s). 
3.2. 
Reference Item-Linked Interest Amount 
The amount of interest (the “Interest Amount”) payable in respect of the Calculation Amount for any 
Interest Period shall be the amount specified to be the “Reference Item-Linked Interest Amount” in 
the relevant Issue Terms, determined as provided in this Interest Payout Condition 3 or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, in the relevant Pricing Supplement. 
3.3. 
Autocall Interest Amount 
Where “Autocall Interest Amount” is specified as the Reference Item-Linked Interest Amount in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the Notes shall be “Autocall Interest Notes” and the “Autocall Interest 
Amount” in respect of an Interest Period shall be an amount determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the following: 
(i) 
if, in relation to an Interest Period and the related Interest Determination Date (t), Relevant 
Autocall Interest Performancet, i is equal to or greater than the Interest Barrier, the Relevant 
Interest Amount; or 
(ii) 
otherwise, if, in relation to an Interest Period and the related Interest Determination Date (t), 
Relevant Autocall Interest Performancet, i is less than the Interest Barrier, zero. 
Where: 
“Autocall Interest Performancet, i” means, in respect of an Interest Period and the related Interest 
Determination Date (t) and a Reference Item (i), an amount (expressed as a percentage) determined 
by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
“Autocall Strike” means, in respect of an Interest Period and the related Interest Determination Date 
(t), the percentage specified for such Interest Determination Date (t) in the relevant Issue Terms; 
“Interest Barrier” means, in respect of an Interest Period and the related Interest Determination Date 
(t), the percentage specified for such Interest Determination Date (t) in the relevant Issue Terms; 
“Interest Determination Date” means, in respect of an Interest Period and the related Interest 
Payment Date, the date specified as such for such Interest Payment Date in the relevant Issue Terms, 
each such date being a “Valuation Date”; 
“Nth Performing Reference Item” means, in respect of an Interest Period and the related Interest 
Determination Date (t), the Reference Item (i) having the “Nth” highest or “Nth” equal highest 
Autocall Interest Performancet, i for such Interest Determination Date (t), as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, where “N” is the ranking specified in the relevant Issue Terms.

--- Page 396 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - INTEREST 
 
 
 
 
E-173 
 
 
“Reference Price0, i” means, in respect of a Reference Item (i), Reference Item Initiali for such 
Reference Item (i). 
“Reference Pricet, i” means, in respect of an Interest Determination Date (t) and a Reference Item (i), 
the Reference Price for such Reference Item (i) in respect of such Interest Determination Date (t). 
“Relevant Autocall Interest Performancet, i” means, in respect of an Interest Period and the related 
Interest Determination Date (t): 
(a) 
where the Notes relate to a single Reference Item (i), Autocall Interest Performancet, 
i for such Interest Determination Date (t); 
(b) 
where the Notes relate to a Basket of Reference Items (i), a percentage determined by 
the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
(c) 
where the relevant Issue Terms specifies that “Nth Performance” is Applicable, 
Autocall Interest Performancet, i of the Nth Performing Reference Item for such 
Interest Determination Date (t). 
“Relevant Interest Amount” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the related Interest Payment 
Date and the related Interest Determination Date (t), an amount determined by the Calculation Agent 
by reference to the following: 
(a) 
where “Bullet Interest” is specified as Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, an 
amount determined by reference to the following formula: 
 
(b) 
where “Memory Interest” is specified as Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, an 
amount determined by reference to the following formula: 
 
Where: 
“Paid Interest” means, in respect of each Calculation Amount, an Interest Period and the 
relevant Interest Payment Date, the sum of the Autocall Interest Amounts (if any) paid in 
respect of such Calculation Amount on each Interest Payment Date prior to such Interest 
Payment Date. 
(c) 
where “Cumulative Interest” is specified as Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
an amount determined by reference to the following formula: 
 
(d) 
where “Bonus Interest” is specified as Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, an 
amount determined by reference to the following formula:

--- Page 397 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - INTEREST 
 
 
 
 
E-174 
 
 
“Specified Rate” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the rate specified as such for such Interest 
Period in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“t” means the numerical value of the relevant Interest Determination Date (t). 
“Wi” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), the weighting for such Reference Item (i) specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms. 
3.4. 
Autocall Multi Barrier Interest Amount 
Where “Autocall Multi Barrier Interest Amount” is specified as the Reference Item-Linked Interest 
Amount in the relevant Issue Terms, the Notes shall be “Autocall Multi Barrier Interest Notes” and 
the “Autocall Multi Barrier Interest Amount” in respect of an Interest Period shall be an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following: 
(i) 
if, in relation to an Interest Period and the related Interest Determination Date (t), the Relevant 
Autocall Interest Performancet, i is equal to or greater than a Starting Barrier Interval Point 
AND less than the following Ending Barrier Interval Point, the Relevant Interest Amountm for 
such Interest Period and the Barrier Interval starting on (and including) such Starting Barrier 
Interval Point and ending on (but excluding) such Ending Barrier Interval Point; or  
(ii) 
otherwise, if, in relation to an Interest Period and the related Interest Determination Date (t), 
Relevant Autocall Interest Performancet, i is (x) less than the lowest specified Starting Barrier 
Interval Point or (y) (where relevant) greater than or equal to the highest specified Ending 
Barrier Interval Point, zero. 
Where: 
“Autocall Interest Performancet, i” means, in respect of an Interest Period and the related Interest 
Determination Date (t) and a Reference Item (i), an amount (expressed as a percentage) determined 
by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
 “Autocall Strikem” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the related Interest Determination Date(t) 
and a Barrier Interval, the percentage specified for such Interest Determination Date (t) and such 
Barrier Interval in the relevant Issue Terms; 
“Barrier Interval” means, in respect of an Interest Period, each interval defined from (and including) 
a barrier interval point (a “Starting Barrier Interval Point”) to (but excluding) the immediately 
following barrier interval point (an “Ending Barrier Interval Point” and each Barrier Interval is 
denoted by m), in each case, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. Where an Ending Barrier Interval 
Point in respect of a Barrier Interval is specified to Not Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Ending Barrier Interval Point for such Barrier Interval shall be infinity, there will be no upper limit to 
such Barrier Interval and this Interest Payout Condition 3.4 shall be construed accordingly; 
“Interest Determination Date” means, in respect of an Interest Period and the related Interest 
Payment Date, the date specified as such for such Interest Payment Date in the relevant Issue Terms, 
each such date being a “Valuation Date”; 
“Nth Performing Reference Item” means, in respect of an Interest Period and the related Interest 
Determination Date (t), the Reference Item (i) having the “Nth” highest or “Nth” equal highest

--- Page 398 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - INTEREST 
 
 
 
 
E-175 
 
 
Autocall Interest Performancet, i for such Interest Determination Date (t), as determined by the 
Calculation Agent where “N” is the ranking specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
“PRm” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the related Interest Determination Date (t) and a Barrier 
Interval, the percentage specified for such Interest Determination Date (t) and Barrier Interval in the 
relevant Issue Terms; 
“Reference Price0, i” means, in respect of a Reference Item (i), Reference Item Initiali for such 
Reference Item (i); 
“Reference Pricet, I” means, in respect of an Interest Determination Date (t) and a Reference Item (i), 
the Reference Price for such Reference Item (i) in respect of such Interest Determination Date (t); 
“Relevant Autocall Interest Performancet, i” means, in respect of an Interest Period and the related 
Interest Determination Date (t): 
(a) 
where the Notes relate to a single Reference Item (i), Autocall Interest Performancet, i for such 
Interest Determination Date (t); 
(b) 
where the Notes relate to a Basket of Reference Items (i), a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
(c) 
where the relevant Issue Terms specifies that “Nth Performance” is Applicable, Autocall 
Interest Performancet, i of the Nth Performing Reference Item for such Interest Determination 
Date (t); 
“Relevant Interest Amountm” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the related Interest Payment 
Date, the related Interest Determination Date (t) and a Barrier Interval, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following: 
(a) 
where “Bullet Interest” is specified as the Relevant Interest Amount for such Interest 
Determination Date (t) and Barrier Interval in the relevant Issue Terms, an amount determined 
by reference to the following formula: 
CA x Specified Ratem 
(b) 
where “Memory Interest” is specified as the Relevant Interest Amount for such Interest 
Determination Date (t) and Barrier Interval in the relevant Issue Terms, an amount determined 
by reference to the following formula: 
[CA x t x Specified Ratem] – Paid Interestm 
Where: 
“Paid Interestm” means, in respect of each Calculation Amount, an Interest Period and the 
related Interest Payment Date, the sum of the Relevant Interest Amountsm  (if any) paid in 
respect of such Calculation Amount and the Barrier Interval for which “Memory Interest” is 
specified only on each Interest Payment Date prior to such Interest Payment Date;

--- Page 399 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - INTEREST 
 
 
 
 
E-176 
 
 
(c) 
where “Cumulative Interest” is specified as the Relevant Interest Amount for such Interest 
Determination Date (t) and Barrier Interval in the relevant Issue Terms, an amount determined 
by reference to the following formula: 
CA x t x Specified Ratem 
(d) 
where “Bonus Interest” is specified as the Relevant Interest Amount for such Interest 
Determination Date (t) and Barrier Interval in the relevant Issue Terms, an amount determined 
by reference to the following formula: 
CA x PRm x Max[Specified Ratem, Relevant Autocall Interest Performancet,i – Autocall 
Strikem] 
“Specified Ratem” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the related Interest Determination Date (t) 
and a Barrier Interval, the percentage specified as such for such Interest Period and Barrier Interval in 
the relevant Issue Terms; 
“t” means the numerical value of the relevant Interest Determination Date (t); and 
“Wi” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), the weighting for such Reference Item (i) specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms. 
4. 
Credit-Linked Interest Provisions 
4.1. 
Where “Credit-Linked Interest Provisions” are specified as Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the following provisions shall apply to the Notes subject to Reference Item Conditions 2.4 
(Repudiation/Moratorium Extension), 2.5 (Grace Period Extension), 2.6 (Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee Extension) and 2.7 (Maturity Date Extension in the case of Credit Linked 
Notes). For the avoidance of doubt, Reference Item-Linked Interest Provisions shall not apply to Notes 
which are Credit-Linked Notes. 
4.2. 
In the case of Credit-Linked Notes other than Portfolio Credit-Linked Notes: 
(i) 
in respect of Fixed Amount Notes and/or Range Accrual Notes, “Accrual of Interest upon 
Credit Event” shall be specified as Not Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and no interest 
shall be paid in respect of the Notes on any Interest Payment Date falling on or after a Credit 
Event Observation Date where the relevant Credit Event Determination Date has occurred 
prior to such Credit Event Observation Date or, if the Credit Event Determination Date falls 
prior to the first Credit Event Observation Date, no interest shall be paid in respect of the 
Credit-Linked Notes; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Fixed Accrual Notes and/or Variable Rate Notes other than Range Accrual Notes 
and: 
(a) 
if “Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event” is specified as Not Applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, each Credit-Linked Note shall cease to accrue interest from (and 
including) the Interest Period Date falling prior to the Credit Event Observation Date 
following the Credit Event Determination Date or, if the Credit Event Determination 
Date falls prior to the first Interest Period Date, no interest shall accrue on the Credit-
Linked Notes; or 
(b) 
if “Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event” is specified as being Applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, each Credit-Linked Note shall cease to accrue interest from the 
Credit Event Determination Date and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the

--- Page 400 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - INTEREST 
 
 
 
 
E-177 
 
 
Terms and Conditions, interest accrued to (but excluding) the Credit Event 
Determination Date will be paid on the Credit Event Redemption Date. 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement in the case of Exempt 
Notes, “Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event” shall only be specified as Applicable 
where the Credit Event Observation Dates are specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
to be the Interest Period Dates. 
4.3. 
For the purposes of determining the Interest Amounts in respect of Portfolio Credit-Linked Notes, 
“Portfolio Linked Interest Adjustment” shall be specified as “Applicable” in the relevant Issue Terms 
and: 
(i) 
in respect of Fixed Amount Notes and/or Range Accrual Notes, “Accrual of Interest upon 
Credit Event” shall be specified as Not Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms;  
(ii) 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement in the case of Exempt Notes, 
“Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event” shall only be specified as Applicable where the Credit 
Event Observation Dates are specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be the Interest Period 
Dates; and 
(iii) 
if a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred in respect of any specified Reference 
Entity, for the purposes of Interest Payout Condition 6.2 (Calculation of Interest Amount) in 
respect of all Notes, the Calculation Amount shall be deemed to be the Adjusted Calculation 
Amount. 
For these purposes “Adjusted Calculation Amount” means, on any Interest Payment Date 
or other date for payment pursuant to Reference Item Condition 2 (Credit-Linked Notes), as 
the case may be: 
(I) 
in respect of Non-Tranched Portfolio Credit Linked Notes: 
(A) 
if “Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event” is specified as Not Applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms, an amount equal to (1) the Calculation Amount 
minus (2) the sum of a Note’s pro rata share of the Reference Entity Notional 
Amounts (or, in the case of a Restructuring Credit Event, portion thereof, if 
applicable) in respect of the number of Reference Entities in respect of which 
a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred prior to the Credit Event 
Observation Date falling on or immediately preceding the Interest Period 
Date or (in respect of Fixed Amount Notes) the Interest Payment Date falling 
at the end of the relevant Interest Period or, if different, the final day of the 
period for which interest is being determined pursuant to the Reference Item 
Conditions, as the case may be; or 
(B) 
if “Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event” is specified as being Applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms, an amount equal to (1) the Calculation Amount 
minus (2) (A) the sum of the amounts, determined in respect of each day in 
the relevant Interest Period, equal to the sum of a Note’s pro rata share of the 
Reference Entity Notional Amounts (or, in the case of a Restructuring Credit 
Event, the portion thereof, if applicable) in respect of the number of Reference 
Entities in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred 
on or prior to such day divided by (B) the number of days in the relevant 
Interest Period or, if different, the period for which interest is being 
determined pursuant to the Conditions, as the case may be;

--- Page 401 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - INTEREST 
 
 
 
 
E-178 
 
 
(II) 
in respect of Tranched Portfolio Credit-Linked Notes: 
(A) 
if “Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event” is specified as Not Applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms, an amount equal to the “Tranched Calculation 
Amount” determined by reference to the Reference Entity Notional Amounts 
(or, in the case of a Restructuring Credit Event, the portion thereof, if 
applicable) in respect of the number of Reference Entities in respect of which 
a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred prior to the Credit Event 
Observation Date falling on or immediately preceding the Interest Period 
Date, or (in respect of Fixed Amount Notes) the Interest Payment Date falling 
at the end of the relevant Interest Period or, if different, the final day of the 
period for which interest is being determined pursuant to the Reference Item 
Conditions, as the case may be; or 
(B) 
if “Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event” is specified as Applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, an amount equal to (A) the sum of the amounts, 
determined in respect of each day in the relevant Interest Period, equal to the 
Tranched Calculation Amount for each such day divided by (B) the number 
of days in the relevant Interest Period. 
For the purposes of this Interest Payout Condition 4 (Credit-Linked Interest 
Provisions): 
“Tranched Calculation Amount” means, in respect of a day, an amount, subject to 
a minimum of zero, determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following 
formula: 
(i) 
Where the relevant Issue Terms specifies that “Recovered Principal 
Exposure” is Applicable: 
 
where Aggregate Portfolio Loss is determined as of the relevant day and is as defined 
in Redemption Payout Condition 2.2 (Credit Event Redemption Amount) provided 
that where any Final Price is not determined as of the relevant date such Final Price 
will be deemed to be zero and provided further that TUC will be determined as if the 
Notes were being redeemed as of the relevant day; and 
(ii) 
where the relevant Issue Terms specifies that "Recovered Principal Exposure" 
is Not Applicable: 
CA x [100% – ITL – ITR] – TUC 
Where: 
“Incurred Total Loss” or “ITL” means, in respect of a day, a fraction expressed as 
a percentage, determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following 
formula calculated as of such day:  
Min [100%; Max (0%; Loss Exposure)] 
“Incurred Total Recovery” or “ITR” means, in respect of a day, a fraction expressed 
as a percentage, determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following 
formula calculated as of such day: 
CA x [100% – Aggregate Portfolio Loss] - TUC

--- Page 402 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - INTEREST 
 
 
 
 
E-179 
 
 
 
“Loss Exposure” means an amount, expressed as a percentage, determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
“Recovery Exposure” means an amount, expressed as a percentage, determined by 
the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
“RP” means the “Recovery Percentage” being, in respect of a day, a fraction 
expressed as a percentage, determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula calculated as of such day: 
 
where Incurred Total Loss and Incurred Total Recovery are determined as of the 
relevant day and AP, DP, FPA,i, LP, RENAA,i and RENAu,i are as defined in 
Redemption Payout Condition 2.2 (Credit Event Redemption Amount) provided that 
where any Final Price is not determined as of the relevant date such Final Price will 
be deemed to be zero and provided further that TUC will be determined as if the Notes 
were being redeemed as of the relevant day. 
4.4. 
The Calculation Agent may, in its sole discretion, determine any Interest Amount due in respect of 
Credit-Linked Notes prior to the relevant Credit Event Observation Date. In such circumstances the 
Interest Amount determined may not reflect reductions in the interest accrued as a result of any 
relevant Credit Event Determination Date determined prior to the relevant Credit Event Observation 
Date. If interest is overpaid then, in accordance with the definition of Credit Event Determination 
Date, the Calculation Agent may make such adjustment(s) to the Terms and Conditions of the relevant 
Notes (including any adjustment to future amounts due (including interest (if any) or principal)) as 
may be required to achieve as far as practicable the same economic position for Noteholders as would 
have prevailed had the correct amount of interest been paid. 
4.5. 
Where any Final Price is deemed to be zero as provided in and for purposes of the definition of 
Tranched Calculation Amount above, following any such Final Price being determined then, in each 
case, the Calculation Agent will, as soon as reasonably practicable, calculate the shortfall (if any) in 
any amount(s) of interest paid prior to such Final Price being determined on the basis of the amount 
of interest which would have been payable had the relevant Final Price been determined as of the 
related Credit Event Determination Date.  The Issuer will pay, in respect of such Note and each such 
Final Price for which the relevant shortfall has been calculated, the relevant shortfall(s) relating to that 
Note on the next following Interest Payment Date or, if none, the Credit Event Redemption Date but 
without any additional interest or other amount being paid on any such shortfall in respect of the 
relevant delay(s). 
5. 
Adjustment of Interest Amounts in respect of Barrier Bond Notes

--- Page 403 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - INTEREST 
 
 
 
 
E-180 
 
 
5.1. 
For the purposes of determining the Interest Amounts in respect of Notes for which the Reference 
Item-Linked Redemption Amount is the “Barrier Bond Redemption Amount” (“Barrier Bond 
Notes”) and for the purposes of Interest Payout Condition 6.2 (Calculation of Interest Amount), the 
Calculation Amount shall be deemed to be the Barrier Calculation Amount. 
5.2. 
For these purposes “Barrier Calculation Amount” means, on any Interest Payment Date, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula (which, for the avoidance 
of doubt, may be zero but may not be less than zero): 
 
where: 
“Current Relevant Weighting” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the sum of the weightings 
(Wi, as defined in the relevant Redemption Payout Condition) for each of the Reference Items in 
respect of which a Barrier Event has first occurred prior to the Barrier Event Observation Date falling 
on or immediately preceding the Interest Period Date (or in respect of Fixed Amount Notes, Interest 
Payment Date) falling at the end of the relevant Interest Period or, if different, the final day of the 
period for which interest is being determined pursuant to the Reference Item Conditions, as the case 
may be.  The Calculation Agent may, in its sole discretion, determine any Interest Amount due in 
respect of Barrier Bond Notes prior to the relevant Barrier Event Observation Date. In such 
circumstances the Interest Amount determined may not reflect reductions in the interest accrued as a 
result of any relevant Barrier Event determined to have occurred prior to the relevant Barrier Event 
Observation Date. If interest is overpaid then the Calculation Agent may make such adjustment(s) to 
the Terms and Conditions of the relevant Notes (including any adjustment to future amounts due 
(including interest (if any) or principal)) as may be required to achieve as far as practicable the same 
economic position for Noteholders as would have prevailed had had the correct amount of interest 
been paid. 
6. 
General Provisions relating to Interest 
6.1. 
Accrual of interest 
Subject as provided in Interest Payout Condition 4 (Credit-Linked Interest Provisions) and Interest 
Payout Condition 5 (Adjustment of Interest Amounts in respect of Barrier Bond Notes), Fixed Accrual 
Notes and Variable Rate Notes bear interest from, and including, the Interest Commencement Date at 
the applicable Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each relevant Interest Payment Date, subject as 
provided in General Condition 7 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date 
for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly 
withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Payout 
Schedule 1 (Interest) (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(ii) 
the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent or the relevant VP Systems Agent, as 
applicable, has notified the Holders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes 
(except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
In respect of Fixed Accrual Notes and Reference Item-Linked Interest Notes, in either case, subject as 
provided in Interest Payout Condition 4 (Credit-Linked Interest Provisions), the Issuer will pay the 
relevant Interest Amount on the relevant Interest Payment Date, interest will not accrue in respect of 
an Interest Period and references in the Terms and Conditions to “accrual” shall be deemed to be 
references to interest payable in respect of the Notes where the context so requires. If upon due 
presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, interest

--- Page 404 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - INTEREST 
 
 
 
 
E-181 
 
 
determined in accordance with applicable laws and regulations will be payable (as well after as before 
judgment) until whichever is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(ii) 
the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent or the relevant VP Systems Agent, as 
applicable, has notified the Holders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes 
(except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
6.2. 
Calculation of Interest Amount 
Except in respect of Fixed Amount Notes or Reference Item-Linked Interest Notes and subject as 
provided herein, the Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which the Rate of 
Interest and/or the amount of interest (the “Interest Amount”) is to be determined in relation to each 
Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Interest Period either (i) in 
the case of Exempt Notes, as otherwise specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement or, (ii) if not so 
specified, by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, and 
multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction. 
In respect of Fixed Amount Notes and subject as provided herein, the Interest Amount in respect of a 
relevant Interest Period will be the Fixed Coupon Amount determined (except, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, as otherwise specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement) as the product of (1) the Rate of 
Interest specified for the relevant Interest Period in the relevant Issue Terms (which, for the avoidance 
of doubt shall not be an annualized rate) and (2) the Calculation Amount and which, as of the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes is the amount specified as the Fixed Coupon Amount for the 
relevant Interest Period in the relevant Issue Terms. 
In respect of Reference Item-Linked Interest Notes, the relevant Reference Item-Linked Interest 
Amount shall be determined as provided in Interest Payout Condition 3 (Reference Item-Linked 
Interest Notes). 
6.3. 
Accumulated Interest 
Where the relevant Issue Terms specifies that Accumulated Interest is applicable, the Interest Amount 
which is payable or which accrues in respect of each Interest Period will be accumulated during the 
term of the Notes and will only be paid on the Interest Payment Date specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms. No periodic payment of any Interest Amount will be paid at the end of any Interest Period 
except on the specified Interest Payment Date. 
6.4. 
FX Interest Conversion 
Where the relevant Issue Terms specifies that “FX Interest Conversion” is Applicable, Reference Item 
Schedule 7 (Currency Linked Notes) shall be deemed to apply for the purposes of the determination 
of the Interest FX Rate and the Interest Amount in respect of each Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the above provisions shall be multiplied by the Interest FX Rate for the relevant 
Interest Period and references to Interest Amount herein shall be deemed to be references to such 
amount, as so adjusted, as the context requires. 
For the purposes thereof: 
“FX(Initial)” means, in respect of an Interest FX Rate (i = fx), Reference Item Initiali for such Interest 
FX Rate.

--- Page 405 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - INTEREST 
 
 
 
 
E-182 
 
 
“FX(IP)” means, in respect of an Interest FX Rate (i = fx) and an Interest Period, the Reference Price 
for such Interest FX Rate on the Interest FX Determination Date for such Interest Period, provided 
that, if the Notes are redeemed early pursuant to Redemption Payout Condition 2 (Redemption in 
respect of Credit-Linked Notes), FX(IP) shall be the Reference Price for such Interest FX Rate on the 
date falling five Business Days prior to the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date, which date shall 
be deemed to be a “Valuation Date”. 
“Interest FX” means, in respect of an Interest FX Rate and an Interest Period, an amount (expressed 
as a percentage) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
 “Interest FX Determination Date” means, in respect of an Interest Period, each date (t where t = 1 
… y) specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, each such date being a “Valuation Date”. 
“Interest FX Rate” means, where FX Interest Conversion is specified as Applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms and in respect of an Interest Period and the related Interest Payment Date, Interest FX for 
the FX Rate specified for the Interest FX Rate in the relevant Issue Terms. 
6.5. 
Rounding and Specified Denominations 
The amount of any Interest Amount determined as provided herein will be rounded to the nearest sub-
unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards). For this purpose a “sub-unit” 
means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available 
as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Note is the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest in 
respect of such Note shall be the Interest Amount. Where the Specified Denomination of a Note is a 
multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the 
product of the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount and 
the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination 
without any further rounding. 
6.6. 
Publication 
The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined by it, together 
with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be determined by it 
together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Paying Agents (if applicable), each 
listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and, in the case of VP Systems Notes, the VP, VPS, 
Euroclear Finland or Euroclear Sweden, as the case may be, and the relevant VP Systems Agent as 
soon as practicable after such determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount 
and Interest Payment Date in respect of Floating Rate Notes for which the Interest Determination Date 
falls on or prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period only) in any event not later than the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Holders in 
accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate 
any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period (where applicable).

--- Page 406 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - INTEREST 
 
 
 
 
E-183 
 
 
6.7. 
Notifications etc.: 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Interest Payout Condition 6.7 by the Calculation 
Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents (if 
applicable), the VP Systems Agents (if applicable), the Holders and the Couponholders and (subject 
as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with 
the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
7. 
General Definitions relating to Interest 
“Business Day Convention” has the meaning given in General Condition 2.1 (Definitions); 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
“Calculation Period”), such day count fraction as may be specified in the Conditions or the relevant 
Issue Terms and: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is so specified, means: 
(a) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (A) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (B) the number 
of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(b) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(i) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (A) the actual number of 
days in such Regular Period and (B) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; and 
(ii) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (A) the actual number of days in 
such Regular Period and (B) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365”, “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is so specified, means the 
actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360” is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where:

--- Page 407 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - INTEREST 
 
 
 
 
E-184 
 
 
“Y1” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is so specified, means the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
“Y1” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case 
D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where:

--- Page 408 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - INTEREST 
 
 
 
 
E-185 
 
 
“Y1” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 
will be 30; and 
“D2” 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but 
not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
and 
(viii) 
if “1” is so specified, means 1. 
“Interest Averaging Date” means each date (t where t = 1 … y) specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms, such date being a “Valuation Date”; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date of the Note or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Issue Terms; 
“Interest Determination Date” in respect of Variable Rate Notes, is as specified in Interest Payout 
Condition 2.3 (Definitions applicable to Variable Rate Notes) and, in respect of the Reference Item 
Linked Interest Provisions, is as specified in Interest Payout Condition 3 (Reference Item-Linked 
Interest Notes). 
“Interest Payment Date” means, either (i) where Accumulated Interest is specified as Applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of each Interest Period, the date specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms or (ii) where Accumulated Interest is not specified as Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
in respect of an Interest Period ending on or about such date: 
(i) 
the date or dates specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms and, if a Business Day 
Convention is specified in the relevant Issue Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no such date or dates are so specified, each Interest Period Date, 
in any such case, as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day 
Convention, provided that, if the Reference Item-Linked Interest provisions are specified as 
Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and any scheduled date for valuation in respect of the relevant 
interest calculation is delayed pursuant to the provisions of these Conditions, the relevant Interest 
Payment Date will be the later of the originally specified Interest Payment Date and the fifth Business 
Day following the last occurring date for valuation in respect of the amounts to be paid on such Interest 
Payment Date and/or, if the Maturity Date is delayed as provided in Redemption Payout Condition 1.1 
(Final redemption), any Interest Payment Date scheduled to fall on the originally designated Maturity 
Date shall be similarly delayed but any such delay shall not operate to extend the final Interest Period,

--- Page 409 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - INTEREST 
 
 
 
 
E-186 
 
 
which shall end on the originally designated date without adjustment, and no additional amounts in 
respect of interest shall accrue or be paid in relation thereto; 
“Interest Period” means either (i) in respect of Notes other than Notes cleared through Euroclear 
Sweden, each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date or any Interest 
Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Period Date or (ii) in respect of Notes 
cleared through Euroclear Sweden, each period beginning on (but excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date or any Interest Period Date and ending on (and including) the next Interest 
Period Date; 
“Interest Period Date” means: 
(i) 
the date or dates specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if none are so specified, each 
Interest Payment Date and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; 
or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in 
accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at 
such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the 
case of the first Interest Period Date) or the previous Interest Period Date (in any other case); 
“Interest Valuation Date” means each date (t where t = 1 … y) specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms, such date being a “Valuation Date”; 
“Max” means the greater of the items separated by a semi-colon in square brackets; 
“Min” means the lesser of the items separated by a semi-colon in square brackets; 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum or, where “Accrual” 
is specified as Not Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms in respect of Fixed Rate Notes, expressed 
as a percentage) of interest payable in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Issue Terms or 
calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or, in respect of 
Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“Reference Item” shall be as defined in Redemption Payout Condition 34.1 (General definitions); 
“Regular Period” means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, 
each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the first 
Interest Period Date and each successive period from and including one Interest Period Date 
to but excluding the next Interest Period Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid 
only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in 
any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where “Regular Date” means the day and 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Period Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest Period, 
interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where

--- Page 410 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - INTEREST 
 
 
 
 
E-187 
 
 
“Regular Date” means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Period 
Date falls other than the Interest Period Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period; 
and 
“Specified Period” has the meaning given in the relevant Issue Terms. 
8. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
8.1. 
Application 
This Interest Payout Condition 8 is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being applicable to one or more Interest Period(s). 
8.2. 
No Interest 
Except as otherwise detailed in Interest Payout Condition 8.3 (Late Payment on Zero Coupon Notes) 
below, no interest is payable in respect of the Notes and references in the General Conditions to 
“Coupons” and “Couponholders” are not applicable. 
8.3. 
Late Payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note is improperly withheld or 
refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date to (but 
excluding) whichever is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by 
or on behalf of the relevant Holder; and 
(b) 
the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Holders that it has 
received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the 
extent that there is any subsequent default in payment).

--- Page 411 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
 
E-188 
 
 
PAYOUT SCHEDULE 2 
REDEMPTION 
1. 
Final redemption and early redemption 
1.1. 
Final redemption 
Subject as provided in Redemption Payout Condition 2 (Redemption in respect of Credit-Linked 
Notes) below, the “Final Redemption Amount” for the purposes of General Condition 6.1 (Scheduled 
redemption) shall be the amount specified as the Final Redemption Amount in the relevant Issue Terms 
(which shall not be less than zero) which amount may be the Reference Item-Linked Redemption 
Amount determined as set out below or, in respect of Exempt Notes, in the relevant Pricing 
Supplement. 
Where the relevant Issue Terms specifies that “FX Principal Conversion” is Applicable in respect of 
Notes other than Notes for which the Final Redemption Amount is the Reference Item-Linked 
Redemption Amount, Reference Item Schedule 7 (Currency Linked Notes) shall be deemed to apply 
for the purposes of the determination of the Principal FX Rate and the Final Redemption Amount 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms or the Credit Event Redemption Amount determined in 
accordance with Redemption Payout Condition 2 (Redemption in respect of Credit-Linked Notes) 
below, as applicable, shall be multiplied by the Principal FX Rate as determined in accordance with 
the provisions of Redemption Payout Condition 33 (Exchange Rate) and references to the Final 
Redemption Amount or Credit Event Redemption Amount herein shall be deemed to be references to 
such amount, as so adjusted, as the context requires. 
Where any relevant scheduled date for valuation in respect of the determination of any Reference Item-
Linked Redemption Amount is delayed pursuant to the provisions of these Conditions, the Maturity 
Date will be the later of the originally specified Maturity Date and the fifth Business Day following 
the last occurring date for valuation in respect of the Reference Item-Linked Redemption Amount to 
be paid on the Maturity Date. For the avoidance of doubt, where the Maturity Date is postponed 
pursuant to the provisions of Reference Item Condition 2 (Credit-Linked Notes), only the Maturity 
Date shall be affected by the provisions thereof, the valuation provisions shall not be affected by the 
postponement of the Maturity Date and no interest or other additional amount shall be payable in 
respect of any such postponement, except as otherwise specified in Reference Item Condition 2 
(Credit-Linked Notes). 
1.2. 
Early redemption 
For the purposes of General Condition 6.2 (Early redemption), (i) where the Credit-Linked Provisions 
are specified as applicable and the Notes are specified to be Credit Linked Notes in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Notes may be redeemed early in accordance with the provisions of Reference Item 
Condition 2 or (ii) where Autocall Early Redemption is specified as Applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Notes shall be redeemed early at their Early Redemption Amount on the relevant Early 
Redemption Date in the circumstances specified in Redemption Payout Condition 1.4 (Early 
Redemption (Autocall)) below. 
1.3. 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement in relation to Exempt Notes, the Early 
Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity 
Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and

--- Page 412 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
 
E-189 
 
 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or, as the 
case may be, the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the calculation 
in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms which will be either: 
(i) 
“30/360”, in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable (the 
“Relevant Period”) and the denominator will be 360; or 
(ii) 
“Actual/360”, in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days in the 
Relevant Period and the denominator will be 360; or 
(iii) 
“Actual/Actual”, in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days in 
the Relevant Period and the denominator will be 365 or, if any portion of the Relevant Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the Relevant 
period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Relevant Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365. 
1.4. 
Early Redemption (Autocall) 
This Redemption Payout Condition 1.4 is applicable to the Notes only if “Autocall” is specified as 
Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
If an Autocall Event occurs in respect of an Autocall Valuation Date (t), the Notes will be redeemed 
as specified in Redemption Payout Condition 1.2 (Early redemption) and the Early Redemption 
Amount shall be the Autocall Early Redemption Amount, determined as set out below or, in respect 
of Exempt Notes, in the relevant Pricing Supplement. 
Where: 
“Autocall Barriert” means, in respect of an Autocall Valuation Date (t), the percentage specified for 
such Autocall Valuation Date (t) in the relevant Issue Terms; 
“Autocall Early Redemption Amount” means, in respect of each Calculation Amount and an 
Autocall Valuation Date (t), unless otherwise specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement in respect 
of Exempt Notes, the Calculation Amount. 
“Autocall Event” means, in relation to an Autocall Valuation Date (t), “Relevant Autocall 
Performancet” for such Autocall Valuation Date (t) is greater than or equal to Autocall Barriert. 
“Autocall Performancet, i” means, in relation to an Autocall Valuation Date (t) and a Reference Item 
(i), an amount (expressed as a percentage) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula: 
 
“Reference Price0, i” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), Reference Item Initiali for such 
Reference Item (i).

--- Page 413 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
 
E-190 
 
 
“Reference Pricet, i” means, in relation to an Autocall Valuation Date (t) and a Reference Item (i), the 
Reference Price for such Reference Item (i) in respect of such Autocall Valuation Date (t). 
“Relevant Autocall Performancet” means, in relation to an Autocall Valuation Date (t): 
(a) 
where the Notes relate to a single Reference Item (i), Autocall Performancet, i; 
(b) 
where the Notes relate to a Basket of Reference Items (i), percentage determined by 
the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
(c) 
where the relevant Issue Terms specifies that “Nth Performance” is Applicable, 
Autocall Performancet, i of the Nth Performing Reference Item for such Autocall 
Valuation Date (t). 
“Wi” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), the weighting for such Reference Item (i) specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms. 
2. 
Redemption in respect of Credit-Linked Notes 
2.1. 
Application 
If the Credit-Linked Provisions are specified as Applicable and the Notes are specified to be Credit-
Linked Notes in the relevant Issue Terms the Notes will be redeemed in accordance with the provisions 
of Reference Item Condition 2. 
2.2. 
Credit Event Redemption Amount 
“Credit Event Redemption Amount” means, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
subject as provided in paragraph (d) below, in the case of Single Reference Entity 
Credit Linked Notes, First-to-Default Credit Linked Notes and Nth-to-Default Credit 
Linked Notes, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to each Note’s 
pro rata share of: 
 
Expressed in words, this is (1) the product of the Reference Entity Notional Amount and the 
Final Price, Auction Final Price or the Set/Zero Recovery Price, as applicable minus (2) the 
Unwind Costs. 
(b) 
subject as provided in paragraph (d) below, in the case of Non-Tranched Portfolio 
Credit Linked Notes, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to each 
Note’s pro rata share of: 
 
Expressed in words, this is (1) the sum of the Reference Entity Notional Amounts in respect 
of each Reference Entity for which a Credit Event Determination Date has not occurred plus

--- Page 414 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
 
E-191 
 
 
(2) the sum of, in respect of each Reference Entity for which a Credit Event Determination 
Date has occurred, the product of the Reference Entity Notional Amount and the Final Price, 
Auction Final Price or the Set/Zero Recovery Price (as applicable) minus (3) Unwind Costs. 
(c) 
subject as provided in paragraph (d) below, in the case of Tranched Portfolio Credit-
Linked Notes, an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in relation to each Calculation Amount equal to: 
 
(d) 
if Maturity Credit Event Redemption and Reference-Item Linked Redemption 
Amount are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Final 
Redemption Amount specified in the relevant Issue Terms which shall be determined 
as set out in this Payout Schedule 2 (Redemption) or, in respect of Exempt Notes, in 
the relevant Pricing Supplement, except that references to “CA” in the definition of 
Relevant Principal Amount shall be deemed to be references to the Credit Event 
Redemption Amount determined pursuant to (a) or (b) or (c) above, as applicable, as 
described in the definition of Relevant Principal Amount in Redemption Payout 
Condition 34 (Additional Definitions) below. 
where: 
“Aggregate Portfolio Loss” means, in respect of a day, a percentage determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to the following formula calculated as of such day: 
 
“AP” means the “Attachment Point” specified in the relevant Issue Terms;  
“DP” means the “Detachment Point” specified in the relevant Issue Terms;  
“Exposure” means an amount, expressed as a percentage, determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the following formula: 
 
“FP” is the Final Price, the Auction Final Price or the Set/Zero Recovery Price, as applicable, with 
FPA,i being such value in respect of the Reference Entity for which a Credit Event Determination Date 
has occurred; 
“LP” means the “Loss Percentage” being, in respect of a day, a fraction expressed as a percentage, 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula calculated as of such day: 
 
Expressed in words this is (A) the sum of, in respect of each Reference Entity for which a Credit Event 
Determination Date has occurred, the product of the Reference Entity Notional Amount and one minus 
the relevant Final Price, Auction Final Price or the Set/Zero Recovery Price (as applicable) divided by 
(B) the sum of the Reference Entity Notional Amounts in respect of each Reference Entity for which 
a Credit Event Determination Date has not occurred and each Reference Entity for which a Credit 
Event Determination Date has occurred; 
CA x [100% −Aggregate Portfolio Loss] −TUC 
Min [100%; Max(0%; Exposure)] 
AP
 
DP
AP
LP












i
A,
n
n
...
1
i
A,
FP
1
RENA
/







n
n
...
l
n
n
...
l
i,
A
i,
u
RENA
RENA

--- Page 415 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
 
E-192 
 
 
“n” is the number of Reference Entities, 
“RENA” is the Reference Entity Notional Amount, with RENAu,i being the Reference Entity Notional 
Amount in respect of any Reference Entityi for which a Credit Event Determination Date has not 
occurred and being deemed to be zero for all other Reference Entities and RENAA,i is the Reference 
Entity Notional Amount in respect of any Reference Entityi for which a Credit Event Determination 
Date has occurred and being deemed to be zero for all other Reference Entities; 
“TUC” is each Note’s pro rata portion of the Unwind Costs; 
“UC” is Unwind Costs; and 
provided that, in each case, in no event shall the Credit Event Redemption Amount be less than zero. 
3. 
Inflation Adjusted Redemption Amount 
3.1. 
Application 
This Redemption Payout Condition 3 is applicable to the Notes only if “Inflation Adjusted Redemption 
Amount” is specified as the Reference Item-Linked Redemption Amount in the relevant Issue Terms. 
3.2. 
Formula 
The “Inflation Adjusted Redemption Amount” in respect of each Calculation Amount shall be an 
amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following 
formula: 
 
3.3. 
Definitions 
The following expressions have the following meanings for the purposes of this Redemption Payout 
Condition 3: 
“Performance Floor” means the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms or, if the relevant 
Issue Terms specifies that “Performance Floor” is not applicable, 100 per cent. 
“PR” means the participation rate, expressed as a percentage, specified in the relevant Issue Terms or, 
if the relevant Issue Terms specifies that “PR” is not applicable, 100 per cent.; 
“Reference Pricef” means, in respect of the Maturity Date, the Reference Price for the Reference Item 
for the Final Valuation Date; 
4. 
Call Redemption Amount 
4.1. 
Application 
This Redemption Payout Condition 4 is applicable to the Notes only if “Call Redemption Amount” is 
specified as the Reference Item-Linked Redemption Amount in the relevant Issue Terms. 
4.2. 
Formula 
The “Call Redemption Amount” in respect of each Calculation Amount shall be an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula:

--- Page 416 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
 
E-193 
 
 
 
where: 
“Reference Item Amount” means an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
4.3. 
Definitions 
The following expressions have the following meanings for the purposes of this Redemption Payout 
Condition 4: 
“Call Performance” means a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula: 
 
“Nth Performing Reference Item” means the Reference Item (i) having the “Nth” highest or “Nth” 
equal highest RI Final Performancei, as determined by the Calculation Agent, where “N” is the ranking 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Relevant Performance” means: 
(i) 
where the Notes relate to a single Reference Item (i), RI Final Performancei; 
(ii) 
where the Notes relate to a Basket of Reference Items (i), a ratio determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
(iii) 
where the relevant Issue Terms specifies that “Nth Performance” is applicable, RI Final 
Performancei of the Nth Performing Reference Item. 
“RI Final Performancei” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), an amount (expressed as a 
percentage) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
“Strike” means the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Wi” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), the weighting for such Reference Item (i) specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms, if applicable. 
5. 
Put Redemption Amount

--- Page 417 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
 
E-194 
 
 
5.1. 
Application 
This Redemption Payout Condition 5 is applicable to the Notes only if “Put Redemption Amount” is 
specified as the Reference Item-Linked Redemption Amount in the relevant Issue Terms. 
5.2. 
Formula: 
The “Put Redemption Amount” in respect of each Calculation Amount shall be an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
where: 
“Reference Item Amount” means an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
5.3. 
Definitions 
The following expressions have the following meanings for the purposes of this Redemption Payout 
Condition 5: 
“Nth Performing Reference Item” means the Reference Item (i) having the “Nth” highest or “Nth” 
equal highest RI Final Performancei, as determined by the Calculation Agent, where “N” is the ranking 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Put Performance” means a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula: 
 
“Relevant Performance” means: 
(i) 
where the Notes relate to a single Reference Item (i), RI Final Performancei; 
(ii) 
where the Notes relate to a Basket of Reference Items (i), a ratio determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
(iii) 
where the relevant Issue Terms specifies that “Nth Performance” is applicable, RI Final 
Performancei of the Nth Performing Reference Item. 
“RI Final Performancei” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), an amount (expressed as a 
percentage) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula:

--- Page 418 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
 
E-195 
 
 
“Strike” means the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Wi” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), the weighting for such Reference Item (i) specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms, if applicable. 
6. 
Call Spread Redemption Amount 
6.1. 
Application 
This Redemption Payout Condition 6 is applicable to the Notes only if “Call Spread Redemption 
Amount” is specified as the Reference Item-Linked Redemption Amount in the relevant Issue Terms. 
6.2. 
Formula 
The “Call Spread Redemption Amount” in respect of each Calculation Amount shall be an amount 
in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
where: 
“Reference Item Amount” means an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
6.3. 
Definitions 
The following expressions have the following meanings for the purposes of this Redemption Payout 
Condition 6: 
“Capped Performance” means a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula: 
 
where: 
“Call Performance” means a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula: 
 
“Nth Performing Reference Item” means the Reference Item (i) having the “Nth” highest or equal 
“Nth” highest RI Final Performancei, as determined by the Calculation Agent, where “N” is the 
ranking specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Performance Cap” means the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
“Relevant Performance” means: 
(i) 
where the Notes relate to a single Reference Item (i), RI Final Performancei;

--- Page 419 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
 
E-196 
 
 
(ii) 
where the Notes relate to a Basket of Reference Items (i), a ratio determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
(iii) 
where the relevant Issue Terms specifies that “Nth Performance” is applicable, RI Final 
Performancei of the Nth Performing Reference Item. 
“RI Final Performancei” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), an amount (expressed as a 
percentage) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
“Strike” means the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Wi” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), the weighting for such Reference Item (i) specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms, if applicable. 
7. 
Put Spread Redemption Amount 
7.1. 
Application 
This Redemption Payout Condition 7 is applicable to the Notes only if “Put Spread Redemption 
Amount” is specified as the Reference Item-Linked Redemption Amount in the relevant Issue Terms. 
7.2. 
Formula 
The “Put Spread Redemption Amount” in respect of each Calculation Amount shall be an amount 
in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
where: 
“Reference Item Amount” means an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
7.3. 
Definitions 
The following expressions have the following meanings for the purposes of this Redemption Payout 
Condition 7: 
“Capped Performance” means a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula: 
 
where:

--- Page 420 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
 
E-197 
 
 
“Nth Performing Reference Item” means the Reference Item (i) having the “Nth” highest or equal 
“Nth” highest RI Final Performancei, as determined by the Calculation Agent, where “N” is the 
ranking specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Performance Cap” means the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
“Put Performance” means a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula: 
 
“Relevant Performance” means: 
(i) 
where the Notes relate to a single Reference Item (i), RI Final Performancei; 
(ii) 
where the Notes relate to a Basket of Reference Items (i), a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
(iii) 
where the relevant Issue Terms specifies that “Nth Performance” is applicable, RI Final 
Performancei of the Nth Performing Reference Item. 
“RI Final Performancei” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), an amount (expressed as a 
percentage) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
“Strike” means the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Wi” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), the weighting for such Reference Item (i) specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms, if applicable. 
8. 
Individually Capped Call Redemption 
8.1. 
Application 
This Redemption Payout Condition 8 is applicable to the Notes only if “Individually Capped Call 
Redemption Amount” is specified as the Reference Item-Linked Redemption Amount in the relevant 
Issue Terms. 
8.2. 
Formula 
The “Individually Capped Call Redemption Amount” in respect of each Calculation Amount shall 
be an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula: 
 
where:

--- Page 421 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
 
E-198 
 
 
“Reference Item Amount” means an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
8.3. 
Definitions 
The following expressions have the following meanings for the purposes of this Redemption Payout 
Condition 8: 
“Individually Capped Performance” means a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the following formula: 
 
where: 
“Capped Performancei” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
“Call Performancei” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
“Performance Cap” means the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“RI Final Performancei” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), an amount (expressed as a 
percentage) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
“Strike” means the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Wi” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), the weighting for such Reference Item (i) specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms. 
9. 
Fixed Best Call Redemption Amount 
9.1. 
Application 
This Redemption Payout Condition 9 is applicable to the Notes only if “Fixed Best Call Redemption 
Amount” is specified as the Reference Item-Linked Redemption Amount in the relevant Issue Terms. 
9.2. 
Formula 
The “Fixed Best Call Redemption Amount” in respect of each Calculation Amount shall be an 
amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following 
formula:

--- Page 422 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
 
E-199 
 
 
 
where: 
“Reference Item Amount” means an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
9.3. 
Definitions 
The following expressions have the following meanings for the purposes of this Redemption Payout 
Condition 9: 
“Fixed Best Call Performance” means a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the following formula: 
 
where: 
“Adjusted Call Performancei” means: 
(i) 
in relation to each Reference Item (i) which is a Best Performing Reference Item, the Fixed 
Performance; and 
(ii) 
in relation to each Reference Item (i) which is not a Best Performing Reference Item, the Call 
Performancei for such Reference Item (i). 
“Best Performing Reference Item” means a Reference Item (i) for which Call Performancei is one 
of the Relevant Number of highest or equal highest Call Performancesi, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
“Call Performancei” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
“Fixed Performance” means the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Relevant Number” means the number of Reference Items (i) specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“RI Final Performancei” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), an amount (expressed as a 
percentage) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
“Strike” means the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms.

--- Page 423 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
 
E-200 
 
 
“Wi” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), the weighting for such Reference Item (i) specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms. 
10. 
Rainbow Call Redemption Amount 
10.1. 
Application 
This Redemption Payout Condition 10 is applicable to the Notes only if “Rainbow Call Redemption 
Amount” is specified as the Reference Item-Linked Redemption Amount in the relevant Issue Terms. 
10.2. 
Formula 
The “Rainbow Call Redemption Amount” in respect of each Calculation Amount shall be an amount 
in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
where: 
“Reference Item Amount” means an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
10.3. 
Definitions 
The following expressions have the following meanings for the purposes of this Redemption Payout 
Condition 10: 
“Rainbow Call Performance” means a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent by reference 
to the following formula: 
 
“Call Performancei” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
“RI Final Performancei” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), an amount (expressed as a 
percentage) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
“Strike” means the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Wi” means: 
(i) 
in relation to the Best Performing Reference Item, the Best Performing Weighting for such 
Reference Item (i), as specified in the relevant Issue Terms;

--- Page 424 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
 
E-201 
 
 
(ii) 
in relation to each of the next-Best Performing Reference Item(s) (if any), the ith-Best 
Performing Weighting for such Reference Item (i), as specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
and 
(iii) 
in relation to the Worst Performing Reference Item, the Worst Performing Weighting for such 
Reference Item (i), as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
For the purposes of this definition of “Wi”, the Call Performancei of each of the Reference Items shall 
be ranked by the Calculation Agent in order of the highest such Call Performancei to the lowest such 
Call Performancei. The Reference Item (i) having the highest such Call Performancei shall be the “Best 
Performing Reference Item” and each of the Reference Items (i) having each of the next highest Call 
Performancei shall be the “ith-Best Performing Reference Item”. The Reference Item (i) having the 
lowest such Call Performancei shall be the “Worst Performing Reference Item”. 
11. 
Quadratic Call Redemption Amount 
11.1. 
Application 
This Redemption Payout Condition 11 is applicable to the Notes only if “Quadratic Call Redemption 
Amount” is specified as the Reference Item-Linked Redemption Amount in the relevant Issue Terms. 
11.2. 
Formula 
The “Quadratic Call Redemption Amount” in respect of each Calculation Amount shall be an 
amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following 
formula: 
 
where: 
“Reference Item Amount” means an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
11.3. 
Definitions 
The following expressions have the following meanings for the purposes of this Redemption Payout 
Condition 11: 
“Nth Performing Reference Item” means the Reference Item (i) having the “Nth” highest or “Nth” 
equal highest RI Final Performancei, as determined by the Calculation Agent, where “N” is the ranking 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Quadratic Call Performance” means a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the following formula: 
 
“Relevant Performance” means: 
(i) 
where the Notes relate to a single Reference Item (i), RI Final Performancei;

--- Page 425 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
 
E-202 
 
 
(ii) 
where the Notes relate to a Basket of Reference Items (i), a ratio determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
(iii) 
where the relevant Issue Terms specifies that “Nth Performance” is applicable, RI Final 
Performancei of the Nth Performing Reference Item. 
“RI Final Performancei” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), an amount (expressed as a 
percentage) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
“Strike” means the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Wi” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), the weighting for such Reference Item (i) specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms, if applicable. 
12. 
Quadratic Put Redemption Amount 
12.1. 
Application 
This Redemption Payout Condition 12 is applicable to the Notes only if “Quadratic Put Redemption 
Amount” is specified as the Reference Item-Linked Redemption Amount in the relevant Issue Terms. 
12.2. 
Formula 
The “Quadratic Put Redemption Amount” in respect of each Calculation Amount shall be an 
amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following 
formula: 
 
where: 
“Reference Item Amount” means an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
12.3. 
Definitions 
The following expressions have the following meanings for the purposes of this Redemption Payout 
Condition 12: 
“Quadratic Put Performance” means a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent by reference 
to the following formula:

--- Page 426 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
 
E-203 
 
 
“Nth Performing Reference Item” means the Reference Item (i) having the “Nth” highest or “Nth” 
equal highest RI Final Performancei, as determined by the Calculation Agent, where “N” is the ranking 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Relevant Performance” means: 
(i) 
where the Notes relate to a single Reference Item (i), RI Final Performancei; 
(ii) 
where the Notes relate to a Basket of Reference Items (i), a ratio determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
(iii) 
where the relevant Issue Terms specifies that “Nth Performance” is applicable, RI Final 
Performancei of the Nth Performing Reference Item. 
“RI Final Performancei” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), an amount (expressed as a 
percentage) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
“Strike” means the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Wi” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), the weighting for such Reference Item (i) specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms, if applicable. 
13. 
Outperformance Redemption Amount 
13.1. 
Application 
This Redemption Payout Condition 13 is applicable to the Notes only if “Call Redemption Amount” 
is specified as the Reference Item-Linked Redemption Amount in the relevant Issue Terms. 
13.2. 
Formula 
The “Outperformance Redemption Amount” in respect of each Calculation Amount shall be an 
amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following 
formula: 
 
where: 
“Reference Item Amount” means an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to the following formula:

--- Page 427 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
 
E-204 
 
 
13.3. 
Definitions 
The following expressions have the following meanings for the purposes of this Redemption Payout 
Condition 13: 
“Nth Performing Reference Item” means the Reference Item (i) having the “Nth” highest or “Nth” 
equal highest RI Final Performancei, as determined by the Calculation Agent, where “N” is the ranking 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Outperformance” means a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula: 
 
“Outperformance Element 1” means the Reference Item (i) or Basket of Reference Items (i) 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Outperformance Element 2” means the Reference Item (i) or Basket of Reference Items (i) 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Relevant Performance” means, in respect of Outperformance Element 1 or Outperformance 
Element 2: 
(i) 
where Outperformance Element 1 or Outperformance Element 2 relates to a single Reference 
Item (i), RI Final Performancei; 
(ii) 
where Outperformance Element 1 or Outperformance Element 2 relates to a Basket of 
Reference Items (i), a ratio determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following 
formula: 
 
(iii) 
where Outperformance Element 1 or Outperformance Element 2 relates to a Basket of 
Reference Items (i) and the relevant Issue Terms specifies that “Nth Performance” is 
applicable to Outperformance Element 1 or Outperformance Element 2, as the case may be, 
RI Final Performancei of the relevant Nth Performing Reference Item. 
“Relevant Performance1” means, in respect of the Reference Items (i) comprising Outperformance 
Element 1, Relevant Performance in respect of such Reference Item(s) (i); 
“Relevant Performance2” means, in respect of the Reference Items (i) comprising Outperformance 
Element 2, Relevant Performance in respect of such Reference Item(s) (i); 
 “RI Final Performancei” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), an amount (expressed as a 
percentage) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
“Wi” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), the weighting for such Reference Item (i) specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms, if applicable.

--- Page 428 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
 
E-205 
 
 
14. 
Replacement Cliquet Redemption Amount 
14.1. 
Application 
This Redemption Payout Condition 14 is applicable to the Notes only if “Replacement Cliquet 
Redemption Amount” is specified as the Reference Item-Linked Redemption Amount in the relevant 
Issue Terms. 
14.2. 
Formula 
The “Replacement Cliquet Redemption Amount” in respect of each Calculation Amount shall be 
an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula: 
 
where: 
“Reference Item Amount” means an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
14.3. 
Definitions 
The following expressions have the following meanings for the purposes of this Redemption Payout 
Condition 14: 
“Replacement Cliquet Performance” means a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the following formula: 
 
where: 
“Adjusted Periodic Performancet” means: 
(i) 
in relation to each Periodic Valuation Date (t) which is one of the Highest Performance 
Periodic Valuation Dates, the Replacement Periodic Performance; and 
(ii) 
in relation to each Periodic Valuation Date (t) which is not one of the Highest Performance 
Periodic Valuation Dates, the Relevant Periodic Performancet for such Periodic Valuation 
Date (t); 
“Highest Performance Periodic Valuation Date” means a Periodic Valuation Date (t) for which the 
Relevant Periodic Performancet is one of the Relevant Number of highest or equal highest Relevant 
Periodic Performancest, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
“PP Floor” means the periodic performance floor, being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms;

--- Page 429 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
 
E-206 
 
 
“Reference Item Periodict, i” means, in relation to Periodic Valuation Date (t) and a Reference Item 
(i), an amount equal to the Reference Price for such Reference Item (i) in relation to such Periodic 
Valuation Date (t). 
“Reference Item Periodict, i” means, in relation to a Periodic Valuation Date (t) and a Reference Item 
(i), “Reference Item Periodict, i” in relation to such Reference Item (i) in respect of the Periodic 
Valuation Date immediately preceding such Periodic Valuation Date (t) or, where (t = 1), Reference Item 
Initiali for such Reference Item (i). 
“Relevant Number” means the number specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Relevant Periodic Performancet” means, in relation to a Periodic Valuation Date (t): 
(i) 
where the Notes relate to a single Reference Item (i), RI Periodic Performancet, i for such 
Periodic Valuation Date (t); 
(ii) 
where the Notes relate to a Basket of Reference Items (i), a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
“Replacement Periodic Performance” means the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“RI Periodic Performancet i” means, in relation to a Periodic Valuation Date (t) and a Reference Item 
(i), an amount (expressed as a percentage) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula: 
 
“Strike” means the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Wi” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), the weighting for such Reference Item (i) specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms, if applicable. 
15. 
Lock-in Cliquet Redemption Amount 
15.1. 
Application 
This Redemption Payout Condition 15 is applicable to the Notes only if “Lock-in Cliquet Redemption 
Amount” is specified as the Reference Item-Linked Redemption Amount in the relevant Issue Terms. 
15.2. 
Formula 
The “Lock-in Cliquet Redemption Amount” in respect of each Calculation Amount shall be an 
amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following 
formula: 
 
where:

--- Page 430 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
 
E-207 
 
 
“Reference Item Amount” means an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
15.3. 
Definitions 
The following expressions have the following meanings for the purposes of this Redemption Payout 
Condition 15: 
“Lock-in Cliquet Performance” means a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the following formula: 
 
where: 
“Lock-in Floor” means the higher of (i) zero and (ii) the highest Lock-in Level (if any) which is equal 
to or next lowest to the highest Relevant Cumulative Performancet for any Periodic Valuation Date 
(t). 
“Lock-in Level” is the or each percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“PP Cap” the periodic performance cap, being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
of, if the Issue Terms specifies that “PP Cap” is not applicable, infinity. 
“PP Floor” the periodic performance floor, being the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
of, if the Issue Terms specifies that “PP Floor” is not applicable, zero. 
“Reference Item Periodict, i” means, in relation to a Periodic Valuation Date (t) and a Reference Item 
(i), an amount equal to the Reference Price for such Reference Item (i) in relation to such Periodic 
Valuation Date (t). 
“Reference Item Periodict-1, i” means, in relation to a Periodic Valuation Date (t) and a Reference 
Item (i), “Reference Item Periodict, i” for such Reference Item (i) in relation to the Periodic Valuation 
Date immediately preceding such Periodic Valuation Date (t) or, where (t = 1), Reference Item Initiali 
for such Reference Item (i). 
“Relevant Cumulative Performancet” means, in relation to a Periodic Valuation Date (t): 
(i) 
where the Notes relate to a single Reference Item (i), RI Cumulative Performancet, i for such 
Periodic Valuation Date (t); 
(ii) 
where the Notes relate to a Basket of Reference Items (i), a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
“Relevant Periodic Performancet” means, in relation to a Periodic Valuation Date (t):

--- Page 431 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
 
E-208 
 
 
(i) 
where the Notes relate to a single Reference Item (i), RI Periodic Performancet, i for such 
Periodic Valuation Date (t); 
(ii) 
where the Notes relate to a Basket of Reference Items (i), a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
“RI Cumulative Performancet, i” means, in relation to a Periodic Valuation Date (t) and a Reference 
Item (i), an amount (expressed as a percentage) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to 
the following formula: 
 
“RI Periodic Performancet, i” means, in relation to a Periodic Valuation Date (t) and a Reference 
Item (i), an amount (expressed as a percentage) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to 
the following formula: 
 
“Strike” means the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Wi” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), the weighting for such Reference Item (i) specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms, if applicable. 
16. 
Super Asian Redemption Amount 
16.1. 
Application 
This Redemption Payout Condition 16 is applicable to the Notes only if “Super Asian Redemption 
Amount” is specified as the Reference Item-Linked Redemption Amount in the relevant Issue Terms. 
16.2. 
Formula 
The “Super Asian Redemption Amount” in respect of each Calculation Amount shall be an amount 
in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
where: 
“Reference Item Amount” means an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to the following formula:

--- Page 432 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
 
E-209 
 
 
16.3. 
Definitions 
The following expressions have the following meanings for the purposes of this Redemption Payout 
Condition 16: 
“Super Asian Performance” means a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent by reference 
to the following formula: 
 
where: 
“Past Reference Pricet, i” means, in relation to a Periodic Valuation Date (t) and a Reference Item (i), 
the highest Reference Pricet for such Reference Item (i) in respect of any Periodic Valuation Date 
preceding such Periodic Valuation Date (t) or, if t = 1, zero. 
“Reference Pricet, i” means, in relation to a Periodic Valuation Date (t) and a Reference Item (i), the 
Reference Price for such Reference Item (i) in respect of such Periodic Valuation Date (t). 
“Relevant Performancet, i” means, in relation to a Periodic Valuation Date (t): 
(i) 
where the Notes relate to a single Reference Item (i), RI Super Asian Performancet, i; 
(ii) 
where the Notes relate to a Basket of Reference Items (i), a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
“RI Super Asian Performancet, i” means, in relation to a Periodic Valuation Date (t) and a Reference 
Item (i), an amount (expressed as a percentage) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to 
the following formula: 
 
“Super Asian Levelt, i” means, in relation to a Periodic Valuation Date (t) and a Reference Item (i), a 
level, price, rate or value determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
“Strike” means the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Wi” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), the weighting for such Reference Item (i) specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms. 
17. 
Knock-in Call Redemption Amount

--- Page 433 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
 
E-210 
 
 
17.1. 
Application 
This Redemption Payout Condition 17 is applicable to the Notes only if “Knock-in Call Redemption 
Amount” is specified as the Reference Item-Linked Redemption Amount in the relevant Issue Terms. 
17.2. 
Formula 
The “Knock-in Call Redemption Amount” in respect of each Calculation Amount shall be an 
amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following 
formula: 
 
where: 
“Reference Item Amount” means: 
(i) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
(ii) 
otherwise, if no Barrier Event has occurred, zero. 
17.3. 
Definitions 
The following expressions have the following meanings for the purposes of this Redemption Payout 
Condition 17: 
“American Barrier Event” means the Maximum Observation Price is equal to or greater than the 
Barrier Level, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Barrier Event” means an American Barrier Event, a Bermudan Barrier Event or a European Barrier 
Event, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Barrier Level” means the level, price, rate or value specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Bermudan Barrier Event” means the Maximum Observation Price is equal to or greater than the 
Barrier Level, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Call Performancei” means, in relation to the Reference Item (i), a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
“European Barrier Event” means Reference Item Finali is greater than or equal to the Barrier Level, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Maximum Observation Price” means (i) where the Barrier Event is an American Barrier Event, the 
highest Observation Price (as defined in the relevant Reference Item Schedule) during the Observation 
Period or (ii) where the Barrier Event is a Bermudan Barrier Event the highest Bermudan Observation 
Price (as defined in the relevant Reference Item Schedule) on any Bermudan Observation Date.

--- Page 434 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
 
E-211 
 
 
“RI Final Performancei” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), an amount (expressed as a 
percentage) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
“Strike” means the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
18. 
Knock-out Call Redemption Amount 
18.1. 
Application 
This Redemption Payout Condition 18 is applicable to the Notes only if “Knock-out Call Redemption 
Amount” is specified as the Reference Item-Linked Redemption Amount in the relevant Issue Terms. 
18.2. 
Formula 
The “Knock-out Call Redemption Amount” in respect of each Calculation Amount shall be an 
amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following 
formula: 
 
where: 
“Reference Item Amount” means: 
(i) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, zero; or 
(ii) 
otherwise, if no Barrier Event has occurred, an amount in the Specified Currency determined 
by the Calculation Agent reference to the following formula: 
 
18.3. 
Definitions 
The following expressions have the following meanings for the purposes of this Redemption Payout 
Condition 18: 
“American Barrier Event” means the Maximum Observation Price is equal to or greater than the 
Barrier Level, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Barrier Event” means an American Barrier Event, a Bermudan Barrier Event or a European Barrier 
Event, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Barrier Level” means the level, price, rate or value specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Bermudan Barrier Event” means the Maximum Observation Price is equal to or greater than the 
Barrier Level, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Call Performancei” means, in relation to the Reference Item (i), a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula:

--- Page 435 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
 
E-212 
 
 
 
“European Barrier Event” means Reference Item Finali is greater than or equal to the Barrier Level, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Maximum Observation Price” means (i) where the Barrier Event is an American Barrier Event, the 
highest Observation Price (as defined in the relevant Reference Item Schedule) during the Observation 
Period or (ii) where the Barrier Event is a Bermudan Barrier Event the highest Bermudan Observation 
Price (as defined in the relevant Reference Item Schedule) on any Bermudan Observation Date. 
“RI Final Performancei” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), an amount (expressed as a 
percentage) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
“Strike” means the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
19. 
Digital Knock-in Call Redemption Amount 
19.1. 
Application 
This Redemption Payout Condition 19 is applicable to the Notes only if “Digital Knock-in Call 
Redemption Amount” is specified as the Reference Item-Linked Redemption Amount in the relevant 
Issue Terms. 
19.2. 
Formula 
The “Digital Knock-in Call Redemption Amount” in respect of each Calculation Amount shall be 
an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula: 
 
where: 
“Reference Item Amount” means: 
(i) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent reference to the following formula: 
 
(ii) 
otherwise, if no Barrier Event has occurred, zero. 
19.3. 
Definitions: 
The following expressions have the following meanings for the purposes of this Redemption Payout 
Condition 19: 
“American Barrier Event” means the Maximum Observation Price is equal to or greater than the 
Barrier Level, as determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 436 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
 
E-213 
 
 
“Barrier Event” means an American Barrier Event, a Bermudan Barrier Event or a European Barrier 
Event, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Barrier Level” means the level, price, rate or value specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Bermudan Barrier Event” means the Maximum Observation Price is equal to or greater than the 
Barrier Level, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“European Barrier Event” means Reference Item Finali is greater than or equal to the Barrier Level, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
“Fixed Performance” means the amount (expressed as a percentage) specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
“Maximum Observation Price” means (i) where the Barrier Event is an American Barrier Event, the 
highest Observation Price (as defined in the relevant Reference Item Schedule) during the Observation 
Period or (ii) where the Barrier Event is a Bermudan Barrier Event the highest Bermudan Observation 
Price (as defined in the relevant Reference Item Schedule) on any Bermudan Observation Date. 
20. 
Digital Call Redemption Amount 
20.1. 
Application 
This Redemption Payout Condition 20 is applicable to the Notes only if “Digital Call Redemption 
Amount” is specified as the Reference Item-Linked Redemption Amount in the relevant Issue Terms. 
20.2. 
Formula 
The “Digital Call Redemption Amount” in respect of each Calculation Amount shall be an amount 
in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
where: 
“Reference Item Amount” means: 
(i) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent reference to the following formula: 
 
(i) 
otherwise, if no Barrier Event has occurred, zero. 
20.3. 
Definitions 
The following expressions have the following meanings for the purposes of this Redemption Payout 
Condition 20: 
“American Barrier Event” means the Call Performance is equal to or greater than any Barrier, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.  
“Barrier Event” means an American Barrier Event, a Bermudan Barrier Event or a European Barrier 
Event, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms.

--- Page 437 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
 
E-214 
 
 
“Barrier” means the or each percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Bermudan Barrier Event” means the Call Performance is equal to or greater than any Barrier, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Call Performance” means (i) where the Barrier Event is an American Barrier Event, the highest 
percentage determined by the Calculation Agent, during the Observation Period or (ii) where the 
Barrier Event is a Bermudan Barrier Event, the highest percentage determined by the Calculation 
Agent on any Bermudan Observation Date or (iii) where the Barrier Event is a European Barrier Event, 
the percentage determined by the Calculation Agent, in each case by reference to the following 
formula: 
 
“European Barrier Event” means the Call Performance is greater than or equal to any Barrier, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.  
“Fixed Performance” means, in respect of a Barrier, the amount (expressed as a percentage) specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms for such Barrier. 
“Highest Fixed Performance” means the Fixed Performance in respect of the Barrier or, if more than 
one Barrier is specified, the Fixed Performance in respect of the Barrier equal to or next lowest to the 
Call Performance. 
“Nth Performing Reference Item” means the Reference Item (i) having the “Nth” highest or equal 
“Nth” highest RI Final Performancei or, for the purposes of determining the Relevant Performance 
where the Barrier Event is an American Barrier Event or a Bermudan Barrier Event at any time, having 
the “Nth” highest or equal “Nth” highest RI Performancei, at the relevant time as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, where “N” is the ranking specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Relevant Performance” means: 
(i) 
where the Notes relate to a single Reference Item (i), RI Performancei; 
(ii) 
where the Notes relate to a Basket of Reference Items (i), a ratio determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
(iii) 
where the relevant Issue Terms specifies that “Nth Performance” is applicable, RI 
Performancei of the Nth Performing Reference Item. 
“RI Final Performancei” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), an amount (expressed as a 
percentage) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
“RI Performancei” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), an amount (expressed as a percentage) 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the relevant formula below:

--- Page 438 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
 
E-215 
 
 
(i) 
where the Barrier Event is a European Barrier Event: 
 
(ii) 
where the Barrier Event is an American Barrier Event or a Bermudan Barrier Event: 
 
Where “Reference Pricei” is the Bermudan Observation Price in respect of the relevant Bermudan 
Observation Date (where the Barrier Event is a Bermudan Barrier Event) or the Observation Price at 
the relevant time in the Observation Period (where the Barrier Event is an American Barrier Event). 
“Strike” means the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Wi” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), the weighting for such Reference Item (i) specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms, if applicable. 
21. 
Knock-in Put Redemption Amount 
21.1. 
Application 
This Redemption Payout Condition 21 is applicable to the Notes only if “Knock-in Put Redemption 
Amount” is specified as the Reference Item-Linked Redemption Amount in the relevant Issue Terms. 
21.2. 
Formula 
The “Knock-in Put Redemption Amount” in respect of each Calculation Amount shall be an amount 
in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
where: 
“Reference Item Amount” means: 
(i) 
If a Barrier Event has occurred, an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
 
(ii) 
otherwise, if no Barrier Event has occurred, zero. 
21.3. 
Definitions 
The following expressions have the following meanings for the purposes of this Redemption Payout 
Condition 21:

--- Page 439 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
 
E-216 
 
 
“American Barrier Event” means the Put Performance is equal to or less than the Barrier, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Barrier Event” means an American Barrier Event, a Bermudan Barrier Event or a European Barrier 
Event, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Barrier” means the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Bermudan Barrier Event” means the Put Performance is equal to or less than the Barrier, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.  
“European Barrier Event” means the Put Performance is greater than or equal to the Barrier, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Nth Performing Reference Item” means the Reference Item (i) having the “Nth” highest or equal 
“Nth” highest RI Final Performancei or, for the purposes of determining the Relevant Performance 
where the Barrier Event is an American Barrier Event or a Bermudan Barrier Event at any time, having 
the “Nth” highest or equal “Nth” highest RI Performancei at the relevant time, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, where “N” is the ranking specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Payout Performance” means the percentage determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to 
the following formula: 
 
“Put Performancei” means, in relation to the Reference Item (i), (i) where the Barrier Event is an 
American Barrier Event, the highest percentage determined by the Calculation Agent during the 
Observation Period or (ii) where the Barrier Event is a Bermudan Barrier Event, the highest percentage 
determined by the Calculation Agent on any Bermudan Observation Date, or (iii) where the Barrier 
Event is a European Barrier Event, the percentage determined by the Calculation Agent, in each case 
by reference to the following formula: 
 
“Relevant Performance” means: 
(i) 
where the Notes relate to a single Reference Item (i), RI Performancei; 
(ii) 
where the Notes relate to a Basket of Reference Items (i), a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
(iii) 
where the relevant Issue Terms specifies that “Nth Performance” is applicable, RI 
Performancei of the Nth Performing Reference Item 
“RI Final Performancei” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), an amount (expressed as a 
percentage) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula:

--- Page 440 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
 
E-217 
 
 
 
“RI Performancei” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), an amount (expressed as a percentage) 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the relevant formula below: 
(i) 
where the Barrier Event is a European Barrier Event and for the purposes of determining the 
Payout Performance: 
 
(ii) 
where the Barrier Event is an American Barrier Event or a Bermudan Barrier Event: 
 
Where “Reference Pricei” is the Bermudan Observation Price in respect of the relevant Bermudan 
Observation Date (where the Barrier Event is a Bermudan Barrier Event) or the Observation Price at 
the relevant time in the Observation Period (where the Barrier Event is an American Barrier Event). 
“Strike” means the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Wi” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), the weighting for such Reference Item (i) specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms. 
22. 
Knock-out Put Redemption Amount 
22.1. 
Application 
This Redemption Payout Condition 22 is applicable to the Notes only if “Knock-out Put Redemption 
Amount” is specified as the Reference Item-Linked Redemption Amount in the relevant Issue Terms. 
22.2. 
Formula 
The “Knock-out Put Redemption Amount” in respect of each Calculation Amount shall be an 
amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following 
formula: 
 
where: 
“Reference Item Amount” means: 
(i) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, zero; or 
(ii) 
otherwise, if no Barrier Event has occurred, an amount in the Specified Currency determined 
by the Calculation Agent reference to the following formula:

--- Page 441 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
 
E-218 
 
 
22.3. 
Definitions 
The following expressions have the following meanings for the purposes of this Redemption Payout 
Condition 22: 
“American Barrier Event” means the Put Performance is equal to or less than the Barrier, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Barrier Event” means an American Barrier Event, a Bermudan Barrier Event or a European Barrier 
Event, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Barrier” means the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Bermudan Barrier Event” means the Put Performance is equal to or less than the Barrier, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.  
“European Barrier Event” means Put Performance is greater than or equal to the Barrier, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.  
“Nth Performing Reference Item” means the Reference Item (i) having the “Nth” highest or equal 
“Nth” highest RI Final Performancei or, for the purposes of determining the Relevant Performance 
where the Barrier Event is an American Barrier Event or a Bermudan Barrier Event at any time, having 
the “Nth” highest or equal “Nth” highest RI Performancei at the relevant time, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, where “N” is the ranking specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
“Payout Performance” means the percentage determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to 
the following formula: 
 
“Put Performance” means (i) where the Barrier Event is an American Barrier Event, the highest 
percentage determined by the Calculation Agent, during the Observation Period or (ii) where the 
Barrier Event is a Bermudan Barrier Event, the highest percentage determined by the Calculation 
Agent on any Bermudan Observation Date, or (iii) where the Barrier Event is a European Barrier 
Event, the percentage determined by the Calculation Agent, in each case by reference to the following 
formula: 
 
“Relevant Performance” means: 
(i) 
where the Notes relate to a single Reference Item (i), RI Performancei; 
(ii) 
where the Notes relate to a Basket of Reference Items (i), a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
(iii) 
where the relevant Issue Terms specifies that “Nth Performance” is applicable, RI 
Performancei of the Nth Performing Reference Item.

--- Page 442 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
 
E-219 
 
 
“RI Final Performancei” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), an amount (expressed as a 
percentage) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
“RI Performancei” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), an amount (expressed as a percentage) 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the relevant formula below: 
(i) 
where the Barrier Event is a European Barrier Event and for the purposes of determining the 
Payout Performance: 
 
(ii) 
where the Barrier Event is an American Barrier Event or a Bermudan Barrier Event: 
 
Where “Reference Pricei” is the Bermudan Observation Price in respect of the relevant Bermudan 
Observation Date (where the Barrier Event is a Bermudan Barrier Event) or the Observation Price at 
the relevant time in the Observation Period (where the Barrier Event is an American Barrier Event). 
“Strike” means the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Wi” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), the weighting for such Reference Item (i) specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms. 
23. 
Digital Put Redemption Amount 
23.1. 
Application 
This Redemption Payout Condition 23 is applicable to the Notes only if “Digital Put Redemption 
Amount” is specified as the Reference Item-Linked Redemption Amount in the relevant Issue Terms. 
23.2. 
Formula 
The “Digital Put Redemption Amount” in respect of each Calculation Amount shall be an amount 
in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
where: 
“Reference Item Amount” means: 
(i) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent reference to the following formula:

--- Page 443 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
 
E-220 
 
 
(ii) 
otherwise, if no Barrier Event has occurred, zero. 
23.3. 
Definitions: 
The following expressions have the following meanings for the purposes of this Redemption Payout 
Condition 23: 
“American Barrier Event” means the Put Performance is equal to or greater than any Barrier, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Barrier Event” means an American Barrier Event, a Bermudan Barrier Event or a European Barrier 
Event, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Barrier” means the or each percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Bermudan Barrier Event” means the Put Performance is equal to or greater than any Barrier, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“European Barrier Event” means the Put Performance is greater than or equal to the Barrier, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.  
“Fixed Performance” means, in respect of a Barrier, the amount (expressed as a percentage) specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Highest Fixed Performance” means the Fixed Performance in respect of the Barrier or, if more than 
one Barrier is specified, the Fixed Performance in respect of the Barrier next lowest to the Payout 
Performance. 
“Nth Performing Reference Item” means the Reference Item (i) having the “Nth” highest or equal 
“Nth” highest RI Final Performancei or, for the purposes of determining the Relevant Performance 
where the Barrier Event is an American Barrier Event or a Bermudan Barrier Event at any time, having 
the “Nth” highest or equal “Nth” highest RI Performancei at the relevant time, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, where “N” is the ranking specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
“Payout Performance” means the percentage determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to 
the following formula: 
 
“Put Performance” means (i) where the Barrier Event is an American Barrier Event, the highest 
percentage determined by the Calculation Agent during the Observation Period or (ii) where the 
Barrier Event is a Bermudan Barrier Event, the highest percentage determined by the Calculation 
Agent on any Bermudan Observation Date, or (iii) where the Barrier Event is a European Barrier Event 
the percentage determined by the Calculation Agent, in each case by reference to the following 
formula: 
 
“Relevant Performance” means: 
(i) 
where the Notes relate to a single Reference Item (i), RI Performancei; 
(ii) 
where the Notes relate to a Basket of Reference Items (i), a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula:

--- Page 444 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
 
E-221 
 
 
 
(iii) 
where the relevant Issue Terms specifies that “Nth Performance” is applicable, RI 
Performancei of the Nth Performing Reference Item. 
“RI Final Performancei” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), an amount (expressed as a 
percentage) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
“RI Performancei” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), an amount (expressed as a percentage) 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the relevant formula below: 
(i) 
where the Barrier Event is a European Barrier Event and for the purposes of determining the 
Payout Performance: 
 
(ii) 
where the Barrier Event is an American Barrier Event or a Bermudan Barrier Event: 
 
Where “Reference Pricei” is the Bermudan Observation Price in respect of the relevant Bermudan 
Observation Date (where the Barrier Event is a Bermudan Barrier Event) or the Observation Price at 
the relevant time in the Observation Period (where the Barrier Event is an American Barrier Event). 
“Strike” means the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Wi” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), the weighting for such Reference Item (i) specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms, if applicable. 
24. 
TOM Strategy Redemption Amount 
24.1. 
Application 
This Redemption Payout Condition 24 is applicable to the Notes only if “TOM Strategy Redemption 
Amount” is specified as the Reference Item-Linked Redemption Amount in the relevant Issue Terms. 
24.2. 
Formula 
The “TOM Strategy Redemption Amount” in respect of each Calculation Amount shall be an 
amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following 
formula:

--- Page 445 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
 
E-222 
 
 
where: 
“Reference Item Amount” means an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
24.3. 
Definitions 
The following expressions have the following meanings for the purposes of this Redemption Payout 
Condition 24: 
“TOM Value” means a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following 
formula: 
 
where: 
“Fixed Return” means an amount (expressed as a percentage) determined by the Calculation Agent 
as the product of (i) the number of Fixed Return Dates in the TOM Reference Period and (ii) the 
Reference Rate Return. 
“Fixed Return Date” means each calendar day during the TOM Reference Period which does not fall 
within a TOM Period. 
“Mid Date” means, in respect of a TOM Period (t), the date specified for such TOM Period (t) in the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
“Reference Item TOM Finalt, i” means, in relation to a TOM Period (t) and a Reference Item (i), the 
Reference Price for such Reference Item (i) in respect of the Final Valuation Date for such TOM 
Period (t). 
“Reference Item TOM Initialt, i” means, in relation to a TOM Period (t) and a Reference Item (i), 
the Reference Price for such Reference Item (i) in respect of the Initial Valuation Date for such TOM 
Period (t). 
“Reference Rate Return” means the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Relevant TOM Performancet, i” means, in relation to a TOM Period (t): 
(i) 
where the Notes relate to a single Reference Item (i), RI TOM Performancet, i; 
(ii) 
where the Notes relate to a Basket of Reference Items (i), a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula:

--- Page 446 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
 
E-223 
 
 
“RI TOM Performancet, i” means, in relation to a TOM Period (t) and a Reference Item (i), an amount 
(expressed as a percentage) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following 
formula: 
 
 “TOM Period” means each period from (and including) the Initial Valuation Date for such period to 
(and including) the Final Valuation Date for such period. 
“TOM Reference Period” the period specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Wi” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), the weighting for such Reference Item (i) specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms. 
25. 
Non-Protected Put Redemption Amount (Reverse Convertible) 
25.1. 
Application 
This Redemption Payout Condition 25 is applicable to the Notes only if “Non-Protected Put 
Redemption Amount (Reverse Convertible)” is specified as the Reference Item-Linked Redemption 
Amount in the relevant Issue Terms. 
25.2. 
Formula 
The “Non-Protected Put Redemption Amount (Reverse Convertible)” in respect of each 
Calculation Amount shall be an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to the following formula: 
(i) 
if European Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if Relevant Performance is 
less than 100%, an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the following formula: 
 
(ii) 
otherwise, if European Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if Relevant 
Performance is greater than or equal to 100%, an amount in the Specified Currency equal to 
the Calculation Amount; 
(iii) 
if American Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if Observed Performance 
has at any time been less than 100%, an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula:   
 
(iv) 
otherwise, if American Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency equal to the Calculation Amount; 
(v) 
if Bermudan Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if Observed Performance 
has on any Bermudan Observation Date been less than 100%, an amount in the Specified 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula:

--- Page 447 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
 
E-224 
 
 
(vi) 
otherwise, if Bermudan Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency equal to the Calculation Amount. 
25.3. 
Definitions 
The following expressions have the following meanings for the purposes of this Redemption Payout 
Condition 25: 
“Nth Performing Reference Item” means the Reference Item (i) having the “Nth” highest or equal 
“Nth” highest RI Final Performancei, or, for the purposes of determining the Observed Performance 
at any time, having the “Nth” highest or equal “Nth” highest RI Performance at the relevant time, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, where “N” is the ranking specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Observed Performance” means: 
(i) 
where the Notes relate to a single Reference Item (i), RI Performance; 
(ii) 
where the Notes relate to a Basket of Reference Items (i), a percentage determined by the 
 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
(iii) 
where the relevant Issue Terms specified that “Nth Performance” is applicable, RI 
 
Performance of the Nth Performing Reference Item. 
“Put Performance” means a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula: 
 
“Reference Item Observedi” means the Observation Price (as defined in the relevant Reference Item 
Schedule) during the relevant Observation Period (where American Valuation applies) or the 
Bermudan Observation Price (as defined in the relevant Reference Item Schedule) in respect of the 
relevant Bermudan Observation Date (where Bermudan Valuation applies). 
“Relevant Performance” means: 
(i) 
where the Notes relate to a single Reference Item (i), RI Final Performancei; 
(ii) 
where the Notes relate to a Basket of Reference Items (i), a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
(iii) 
where the relevant Issue Terms specified that “Nth Performance” is applicable, RI Final 
Performancei of the Nth Performing Reference Item. 
“RI Final Performancei” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), an amount (expressed as a 
percentage) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula:

--- Page 448 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
 
E-225 
 
 
 
“RI Performance” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), an amount (expressed as a percentage) 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
“Strike” means the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Wi” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), the weighting for such Reference Item (i) specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms. 
26. 
Non-Protected Knock-in Put Redemption Amount (Reverse Convertible) 
26.1. 
Application 
This Redemption Payout Condition 26 is applicable to the Notes only if “Non-Protected Knock-in Put 
Redemption Amount (Reverse Convertible)” is specified as the Reference Item-Linked Redemption 
Amount in the relevant Issue Terms. 
26.2. 
Formula. 
The “Non-Protected Knock-in Put Redemption Amount (Reverse Convertible)” in respect of each 
Calculation Amount shall be an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to the following formula: 
(i) 
if European Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if Relevant Performance is 
less than the Barrier, an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
(ii) 
otherwise, if European Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if Relevant 
Performance is greater than or equal to the Barrier, an amount in the Specified Currency equal 
to the Calculation Amount; 
(iii) 
if American Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if Observed Performance 
has at any time been less than the Barrier, an amount in the Specified Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
(iv) 
otherwise, if American Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency equal to the Calculation Amount; 
(v) 
if Bermudan Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if Observed Performance 
has on any Bermudan Observation Date been less than the Barrier, an amount in the Specified 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula:

--- Page 449 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
 
E-226 
 
 
 
(vi) 
otherwise, if Bermudan Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency equal to the Calculation Amount.  
26.3. 
Definitions 
The following expressions have the following meanings for the purposes of this Redemption Payout 
Condition 26: 
“Barrier” means the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Nth Performing Reference Item” means the Reference Item (i) having the “Nth” highest or equal 
“Nth” highest RI Final Performancei, or, for the purposes of determining the Observed Performance 
at any time, having the “Nth” highest or equal “Nth” highest RI Performance at the relevant time, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, where “N” is the ranking specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Observed Performance” means: 
(i) 
where the Notes relate to a single Reference Item (i), RI Performance,  
(ii) 
where the Notes relate to a Basket of Reference Items (i), a percentage determined by the 
 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
(iii) 
where the relevant Issue Terms specified that “Nth Performance” is applicable, RI 
 
Performance of the Nth Performing Reference Item. 
“Put Performance” means a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula: 
 
“Reference Item Observedi” means the Observation Price (as defined in the relevant Reference Item 
Schedule) during the relevant Observation Period (where American Valuation applies) or the 
Bermudan Observation Price (as defined in the relevant Reference Item Schedule) in respect of the 
relevant Bermudan Observation Date (where Bermudan Valuation applies). 
“Relevant Performance” means: 
(i) 
where the Notes relate to a single Reference Item (i), RI Final Performancei; 
(ii) 
where the Notes relate to a Basket of Reference Items (i), a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula:

--- Page 450 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
 
E-227 
 
 
(iii) 
where the relevant Issue Terms specifies that “Nth Performance” is applicable, RI Final 
Performancei of the Nth Performing Reference Item. 
“RI Final Performancei” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), an amount (expressed as a 
percentage) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
“RI Performance” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), an amount (expressed as a percentage) 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
“Strike” means the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Wi” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), the weighting for such Reference Item (i) specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms. 
27. 
Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Redemption Amount 
27.1. 
Application 
This Redemption Payout Condition 27 is applicable to the Notes only if “Non-Protected Knock-in Put 
with Call Redemption Amount” is specified as the Reference Item-Linked Redemption Amount in the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
27.2. 
Formula 
The “Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Redemption Amount” in respect of each Calculation 
Amount shall be an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the following formula: 
(i) 
if European Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if Relevant Performance is 
less than the Put Barrier, an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
(ii) 
if European Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if Relevant Performance is 
equal to or greater than the Put Barrier but less than the Call Barrier, an amount in the Specified 
Currency equal to the Calculation Amount; or 
(iii) 
if European Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if Relevant Performance is 
equal to or greater than the Call Barrier, an amount in the Specified Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
(iv) 
if American Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if Observed Performance 
has at any time been less than the Put Barrier and has never been greater than the Call Barrier,

--- Page 451 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
 
E-228 
 
 
an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula: 
 
(v) 
if American Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if Observed Performance at 
all times has been equal to or greater than the Put Barrier but less than the Call Barrier, an 
amount in the Specified Currency equal to the Calculation Amount; or 
(vi) 
if American Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if Observed Performance 
has at any time been equal to or greater than the Call Barrier, an amount in the Specified 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
(vii) 
if Bermudan Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if Observed Performance 
has on any Bermudan Observation Date been less than the Put Barrier and has never been 
greater than the Call Barrier, an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
(viii) 
if Bermudan Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if Observed Performance 
on each Bermudan Observation Date has been equal to or greater than the Put Barrier but less 
than the Call Barrier, an amount in the Specified Currency equal to the Calculation Amount; 
or 
(ix) 
if Bermudan Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if Observed Performance 
has on any Bermudan Observation Date been equal to or greater than the Call Barrier, an 
amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula: 
 
27.3. 
Definitions 
The following expressions have the following meanings for the purposes of this Redemption Payout 
Condition 27: 
“Call Barrier” means the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Call Performance” means a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula: 
 
“Call Strike” means the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
“Nth Performing Reference Item” means the Reference Item (i) having the “Nth” highest or equal 
“Nth” highest RI Final Performancei, or, for the purposes of determining the Observed Performance 
at any time, having the “Nth” highest or equal “Nth” highest RI Performance at the relevant time, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, where “N” is the ranking specified in the relevant Issue Terms.

--- Page 452 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
 
E-229 
 
 
“Observed Performance” means: 
(i) 
where the Notes relate to a single Reference Item (i), RI Performance; 
(ii) 
where the Notes relate to a Basket of Reference Items (i), a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
(iii) 
where the relevant Issue Terms specified that “Nth Performance” is applicable, RI 
 
Performance of the Nth Performing Reference Item. 
“Performance FloorCall” means the percentage (which may be less than zero) specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms or, if the Issue Terms specifies that “Performance FloorCall” is not applicable, zero. 
“Performance FloorPut” means the percentage (which may be less than zero) specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms or, if the Issue Terms specifies that “Performance FloorPut” is not applicable, zero. 
“PRCall” means the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
“PRPut” means the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
“Put Barrier” means the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
“Put Performance” means a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula: 
 
“Put Strike” means the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
“Reference Item Observedi” means the Observation Price (as defined in the relevant Reference Item 
Schedule) during the relevant Observation Period (where American Valuation applies) or the 
Bermudan Observation Price (as defined in the relevant Reference Item Schedule) in respect of the 
relevant Bermudan Observation Date (where Bermudan Valuation applies). 
“Relevant Performance” means: 
(i) 
where the Notes relate to a single Reference Item (i), RI Final Performancei; 
(ii) 
where the Notes relate to a Basket of Reference Items (i), a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
(iii) 
where the relevant Issue Terms specifies that “Nth Performance” is applicable, RI Final 
Performancei of the Nth Performing Reference Item. 
“RI Final Performancei” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), an amount (expressed as a 
percentage) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula:

--- Page 453 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
 
E-230 
 
 
 
“RI Performance” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), an amount (expressed as a percentage) 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
“Wi” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), the weighting for such Reference Item (i) specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms. 
28. 
Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Spread Redemption Amount 
28.1. 
Application 
This Redemption Payout Condition 28 is applicable to the Notes only if “Non-Protected Knock-in Put 
with Call Spread Redemption Amount” is specified as the Reference Item-Linked Redemption 
Amount in the relevant Issue Terms. 
28.2. 
Formula 
The “Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Spread Redemption Amount” in respect of each 
Calculation Amount shall be an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to the following formula: 
(i) 
if European Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if Relevant Performance is 
less than the Put Barrier, an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
(ii) 
if European Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if Relevant Performance is 
equal to or greater than the Put Barrier but less than the Call Barrier, an amount in the Specified 
Currency equal to the Calculation Amount; or 
(iii) 
if European Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if Relevant Performance is 
equal to or greater than the Call Barrier, an amount in the Specified Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
 
(iv) 
if American Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if Observed Performance 
has at any time been less than the Put Barrier and has never been greater than the Call Barrier, 
an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula: 
 
(v) 
if American Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if Observed Performance at 
all times has been equal to or greater than the Put Barrier but less than the Call Barrier, an 
amount in the Specified Currency equal to the Calculation Amount; or

--- Page 454 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
 
E-231 
 
 
(vi) 
if American Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if Observed Performance 
has at any time been equal to or greater than the Call Barrier, an amount in the Specified 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
(vii) 
if Bermudan Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if Observed Performance 
has on any Bermudan Observation Date been less than the Put Barrier and has never been 
greater than the Call Barrier, an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
(viii) 
if Bermudan Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if Observed Performance 
on each Bermudan Observation Date has been equal to or greater than the Put Barrier but less 
than the Call Barrier, an amount in the Specified Currency equal to the Calculation Amount; 
or 
(ix) 
if Bermudan Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if Observed Performance 
has on any Bermudan Observation Date been equal to or greater than the Call Barrier, an 
amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula: 
 
28.3. 
Definitions 
The following expressions have the following meanings for the purposes of this Redemption Payout 
Condition 28: 
“Call Barrier” means the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Call Performance” means a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula: 
 
“Call Strike” means the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Capped Performance” means lesser of the Performance Cap and Call Performance. 
“Nth Performing Reference Item” means the Reference Item (i) having the “Nth” highest or equal 
“Nth” highest RI Final Performancei, or, for the purposes of determining the Observed Performance 
at any time, having the “Nth” highest or equal “Nth” highest RI Performance at the relevant time, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, where “N” is the ranking specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Observed Performance” means: 
(i) 
where the Notes relate to a single Reference Item (i), RI Performance; 
(ii) 
where the Notes relate to a Basket of Reference Items (i), a percentage determined by the 
 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula:

--- Page 455 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
 
E-232 
 
 
 
(iii) 
where the relevant Issue Terms specified that “Nth Performance” is applicable, RI 
 
Performance of the Nth Performing Reference Item.  
“Performance Cap” means the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Performance FloorCall” means the percentage (which may be less than zero) specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms or, if the Issue Terms specifies that “Performance FloorCall” is not applicable, zero. 
“Performance FloorPut” means the percentage (which may be less than zero) specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms or, if the Issue Terms specifies that “Performance FloorPut” is not applicable, zero. 
“PRCall” means the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“PRPut” means the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Put Barrier” means the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Put Performance” means a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula: 
 
“Put Strike” means the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Reference Item Observedi” means the Observation Price (as defined in the relevant Reference Item 
Schedule) during the relevant Observation Period (where American Valuation applies) or the 
Bermudan Observation Price (as defined in the relevant Reference Item Schedule) in respect of the 
relevant Bermudan Observation Date (where Bermudan Valuation applies). 
“Relevant Performance” means: 
(i) 
where the Notes relate to a single Reference Item (i), RI Final Performancei; 
(ii) 
where the Notes relate to a Basket of Reference Items (i), a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
(iii) 
where the relevant Issue Terms specifies that “Nth Performance” is applicable, RI Final 
Performancei of the Nth Performing Reference Item. 
“RI Final Performancei” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), an amount (expressed as a 
percentage) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula:

--- Page 456 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
 
E-233 
 
 
 “RI Performance” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), an amount (expressed as a percentage) 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
“Wi” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), the weighting for such Reference Item (i) specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms. 
29. 
Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Redemption Amount (Booster) 
29.1. 
Application 
This Redemption Payout Condition 29 is applicable to the Notes only if “Non-Protected Knock-in Put 
with Call Redemption Amount (Booster)” is specified as the Reference Item-Linked Redemption 
Amount in the relevant Issue Terms. 
For the purposes of this Redemption Payout Condition 29, the valuations in respect of the Reference 
Item(s) in each of the Call Element and the Put Element (for example, but without limitation, the 
determination of the Valuation Date in respect of such Reference Item(s)) shall be made separately for 
each of the Put Element and the Call Element. 
29.2. 
Formula 
The “Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Redemption Amount (Booster)” in respect of each 
Calculation Amount shall be an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to the following formula: 
(i) 
(1) if European Valuation is specified for the Put Element in the relevant Issue Terms, if 
Relevant Performance1 is, or (2) if American Valuation is specified for the Put Element in the 
relevant Issue Terms, if Observed Performance1 has at all times been, or (3) if Bermudan 
Valuation is specified for the Put Element in the relevant Issue Terms, if Observed 
Performance1 has on all Bermudan Observation Dates been, less than the Put Barrier and (A) 
if European Valuation is specified for the Call Element in the relevant Issue Terms, Relevant 
Performance2 is, or (B) if American Valuation is specified for the Call Element in the relevant 
Issue Terms, if Observed Performance2 has at all times been, or (C) if Bermudan Valuation is 
specified for the Call Element in the relevant Issue Terms, if Observed Performance2 has on 
all Bermudan Observation Dates been, less than the Call Barrier, an amount in the Specified 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
(ii) 
(1) if European Valuation is specified for the Put Element in the relevant Issue Terms, if 
Relevant Performance1 is, or (2) if American Valuation is specified for the Put Element in the 
relevant Issue Terms, if Observed Performance1 has at any time been, or (3) if Bermudan 
Valuation is specified for the Put Element in the relevant Issue Terms, if Observed 
Performance1 has on any Bermudan Observation Date been, equal to or greater than the Put 
Barrier and (A) if European Valuation is specified for the Call Element in the relevant Issue 
Terms, Relevant Performance2 is, or (B) if American Valuation is specified for the Call 
Element in the relevant Issue Terms, if Observed Performance2 has at any time been, or (C) if 
Bermudan Valuation is specified for the Call Element in the relevant Issue Terms, if Observed 
Performance2 has on any Bermudan Observation Date been, less than the Call Barrier, an 
amount in the Specified Currency equal to the Calculation Amount; or

--- Page 457 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
 
E-234 
 
 
(iii) 
(1) if European Valuation is specified for the Call Element in the relevant Issue Terms, if 
Relevant Performance2 is, or (2) if American Valuation is specified for the Call Element in 
the relevant Issue Terms, if Observed Performance2 has at all times been, or (3) if Bermudan 
Valuation is specified for the Call Element in the relevant Issue Terms, if Observed 
Performance2 has on all Bermudan Observation Dates been, equal to or greater than the Call 
Barrier and (A) if European Valuation is specified for the Put Element in the relevant Issue 
Terms, Relevant Performance1 is, or (B) if American Valuation is specified for the Put 
Element in the relevant Issue Terms, if Observed Performance1 has at all times been, or (C) if 
Bermudan Valuation is specified for the Put Element in the relevant Issue Terms, if Observed 
Performance1 has on all Bermudan Observation Dates been, equal to or greater than the Put 
Barrier, an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the following formula: 
 
(iv) 
otherwise, an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the following formula: 
 
29.3. 
Definitions: 
The following expressions have the following meanings for the purposes of this Redemption Payout 
Condition 29: 
“Call Barrier” means, in relation to the Call Element, the percentage specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
“Call Element” means the Reference Item (i) or Basket of Reference Items (i) specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
“Call Performance” means a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula: 
 
“Call Strike” means the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“n” means (i) in respect of the Call Element, the total number of Reference Items (i) comprising the 
Call Element and (ii) in respect of the Put Element, the total number of Reference Items (i) comprising 
the Put Element. 
“Nth Performing Reference Item” means, in respect of the Reference Items (i) comprising the Put 
Element or the Call Element, the Reference Item having the “Nth” highest or equal “Nth” highest RI 
Final Performancei of the Reference Items (i) comprising such Put Element or such Call Element, or, 
for the purposes of determining the Observed Performance at any time, having the “Nth” highest or 
equal “Nth” highest RI Performance at the relevant time, as the case may be, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, where “N” is the ranking specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Observed Performance” means: 
[CA + (CA × Max [Performance FloorCall; (PRCall × Call Performance)] × OFX)]

--- Page 458 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
 
E-235 
 
 
(i) 
where the Put Element or the Call Element relates to a single Reference Item (i), RI 
Performance for the relevant Reference Item (i) comprising such Put Element or Call Element, 
as the case may be; 
(ii) 
where the Put Element or the Call Element relates to a Basket of Reference Items (i), a 
percentage determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula in 
respect of the Reference Items (i) comprising such Put Element or Call Element, as the case 
may be: 
 
(iii) 
where the Put Element or the Call Element relates to a Basket of Reference Items (i) and the 
 relevant Issue Terms specifies that “Nth Performance” is applicable to the Call Element or the 
Put Element, as applicable, RI Performance of the  
Nth Performing Reference Item of 
the Reference Items (i) comprising such Put Element or such Call Element, as the case may 
be. 
“Observed Performance1” means Observed Performance relating to the Put Element. 
“Observed Performance2” means Observed Performance relating to the Call Element.  
“Performance FloorCall” means the percentage (which may be less than zero) specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms or, if the Issue Terms specifies that “Performance FloorCall” is not applicable, zero. 
“Performance FloorPut” means the percentage (which may be less than zero) specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms or, if the Issue Terms specifies that “Performance FloorPut” is not applicable, zero; 
“PRCall” means the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“PRPut” means the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Put Barrier” means, in relation to the Put Element, the percentage specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
“Put Element” means the Reference Item (i) or Basket of Reference Items (i) specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
“Put Performance” means a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula: 
 
“Put Strike” means the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Reference Item Observedi” means the Observation Price (as defined in the relevant Reference Item 
Schedule) during the relevant Observation Period (where American Valuation applies) or the 
Bermudan Observation Price (as defined in the relevant Reference Item Schedule) in respect of the 
relevant Bermudan Observation Date (where Bermudan Valuation applies). 
“Relevant Performance” means in respect of the Put Element or the Call Element:

--- Page 459 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
 
E-236 
 
 
(i) 
where the Put Element or the Call Element relates to a single Reference Item (i), RI Final 
Performancei for the relevant Reference Item (i) comprising such Put Element or Call 
Element, as the case may be; 
(ii) 
where the Put Element or the Call Element relates to a Basket of Reference Items (i), a 
percentage determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula in 
respect of the Reference Items (i) comprising such Put Element or Call Element, as the case 
may be: 
 
(iii) 
where the Put Element or the Call Element relates to a Basket of Reference Items (i) and the 
relevant Issue Terms specifies that “Nth Performance” is applicable to the Put Element or Call 
Element, as the case may be, RI Final Performancei of the Nth Performing Reference Item of 
the Reference Items (i) comprising such Put Element or such Call Element, as the case may 
be. 
“Relevant Performance1” means Relevant Performance relating to the Put Element. 
“Relevant Performance2” means Relevant Performance relating to the Call Element. 
“RI Final Performancei” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), an amount (expressed as a 
percentage) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
“RI Performance” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), an amount (expressed as a percentage) 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
“Wi” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), the weighting for such Reference Item (i) specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms. 
30. 
General Redemption Amount  
30.1. 
Application 
This Redemption Payout Condition 30 is applicable to the Notes only if “General Redemption 
Amount” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
For the purposes of this Redemption Payout Condition 30, the valuations in respect of the Reference 
Item(s) in each of the General Redemption Components (for example, but without limitation, the 
determination of the Valuation Date in respect of such Reference Item(s)) shall be made separately for 
each General Redemption Component. 
30.2. 
Formula

--- Page 460 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
 
E-237 
 
 
If “General Redemption Amount” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, then the 
relevant Issue Terms shall specify the number of General Redemption Components (denoted by k) and 
in respect of each General Redemption Component: 
(i) 
a list/set of Performance Interval Points expressed as percentages; 
(ii) 
the Participation Rate and Digital Level, both expressed as percentages, applicable for each 
Performance Interval; 
(iii) 
the applicable Reference Items for much General Redemption Component; and 
(iv) 
the applicable Initial Valuation Date and Final Valuation Date, in each case, for each General 
Redemption Component. 
For the avoidance of doubt, for the purposes of determining a General Redemption Amount and 
whether a value is higher or lower than another value a smaller negative number will be deemed to be 
greater than a larger negative number and zero or a positive number greater than any negative number. 
For example, -50 will be deemed to be higher than -60 and 1 will be deemed to be higher than -10. 
The “General Redemption Amount” in respect of each Calculation Amount shall be an amount in 
the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
𝐶𝐴 𝑥 [1 +  𝐺𝑅𝐶𝑉
𝑗=1
]. 
“General Redemption Component Value” or “GRCV” in respect of a General Redemption 
Component, shall be a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the relevant 
formula below and in each case on the basis of the Reference Items and selections made in the Issue 
Terms in relation to that General Redemption Component: 
(i) 
if Relevant Performance is greater than or equal to a Starting Performance Interval Point AND 
less than the following Ending Performance Interval Point, then a percentage determined by 
the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula (determined in relation to the 
related Performance Interval starting on and ending on, but excluding, such Performance 
Interval Points): 
 
(ii) 
otherwise, if Relevant Performance is (x) less than the lowest specified Performance Interval 
Point or (y) greater than or equal to the highest specified Performance Interval Point, then a 
percentage determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula 
determined in relation to the Performance Interval with the lowest Performance Interval 
Number (in the case of (x)) or the Performance Interval with the highest Performance Interval 
Number (in the case of (y)): 
 
30.3. 
 Definitions

--- Page 461 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
 
E-238 
 
 
The following expressions have the following meanings for the purposes of this Redemption Payout 
Condition 30 in respect of the relevant General Redemption Component: 
 “Digital Level” means the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms in respect of a General 
Redemption Component and a Performance Interval. 
 “Nth Performing Reference Item” means, in respect of a General Redemption Component, the 
Reference Item having the “Nth” highest or equal “Nth” highest RI Final Performancei, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, where “N” is the ranking specified in the Issue Terms. 
“Performance Interval” means the interval defined from and including a Performance Interval Point 
(a “Starting Interval Point”) to, but excluding, the immediately following Performance Interval Point 
(an “Ending Performance Interval” and each Performance Interval is denoted by m). 
“PR” means the percentage specified as the Participation Rate in the relevant Issue Terms in respect 
of a General Redemption Component and a Performance Interval.  
“Relevant Performance” means: 
(i)  
where the General Redemption Component relates to a single Reference Item (i), RI Final 
Performancei; 
(ii) 
where the General Redemption Component relates to a Basket of Reference Items (i), a 
percentage determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
(iii) 
where the relevant Issue Terms specified that “Nth Performance” is applicable in respect of 
the General Redemption Component, RI Final Performancei of the Nth Performing Reference 
Item. 
“RI Final Performancei” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), an amount (expressed as a 
percentage) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
“Wi” means the relevant weighting specified in relation to the Reference Item in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
31. 
Barrier Bond Redemption Amount 
31.1. 
Application 
This Redemption Payout Condition 31 is applicable to the Notes only if “Barrier Bond Redemption 
Amount” is specified as the Reference Item-Linked Redemption Amount in the relevant Issue Terms. 
31.2. 
Formula 
The “Barrier Bond Redemption Amount” in respect of each Calculation Amount shall be an amount 
in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula:

--- Page 462 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
 
E-239 
 
 
 
31.3. 
Definitions 
The following expressions have the following meanings for the purposes of this Redemption Payout 
Condition 31: 
“Barrier Event” means, in respect of a Reference Item (i), either (i) where “Continuous Valuation” 
is specified as Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Relevant Observation Price or (ii) where 
“Daily Valuation” is specified as Applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Relevant Reference Price, 
for such Reference Item (i) has, at any time been, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms, either (i) 
less than or (ii) equal to or greater than, the relevant Barrier Level, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
For the purposes of determining whether a Barrier Event has occurred in respect of a Reference Item 
and notwithstanding that the Notes relate to more than one Reference Item (i), the Observation Price, 
each Observation Date and the Observation Period or the Reference Price, each Valuation Period Date 
and each Valuation Period (as applicable) shall be determined separately in respect of each Reference 
Item (i) as if the Notes relate only to such Reference Item (i) and no other Reference Item. 
“Barrier Level” means, in respect of a Reference Item (i), the level, price, rate or value specified for 
such Reference Item (i) or the percentage of the relevant Reference Item Initiali for such Reference 
Item (i) specified in either case, in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Relevant Observation Price” means, in respect of a Reference Item (i), the Observation Price during 
the Observation Period. 
“Relevant Reference Price” means, in respect of a Reference Item (i), the Reference Price for any 
Valuation Period Date during the specified Valuation Period. 
“Relevant Weighting” means the sum of the weightings (Wi) of each of the Reference Items (i) in 
respect of which a Barrier Event has occurred. 
“UC” means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of (without duplication) 
all costs, expenses (including, without limitation, loss of funding and break funding charges and fees), 
tax and duties incurred by the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates and/or agents in connection with the 
redemption of the Notes and/or the termination, settlement or re-establishment of any hedge or related 
trading position relating to the Notes, such amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst each unit or 
nominal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount. 
“Wi” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), the weighting for such Reference Item (i) specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms. 
32. 
Autocall Redemption 
32.1. 
Application 
This Redemption Payout Condition 32 is applicable to the Notes only if “Autocall” is specified as 
Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
32.2. 
Final Redemption 
Where “Autocall” is specified as Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms in respect of early redemption, 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes shall be the amount specified as the Final Redemption

--- Page 463 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
 
E-240 
 
 
Amount in the relevant Issue Terms and the provisions of Redemption Payout Condition 1.1 (Final 
redemption) will apply. 
33. 
Exchange Rate 
Where the relevant Issue Terms specifies that “FX Principal Conversion” and/or “FX Option 
Conversion” is Applicable, Reference Item Schedule 7 (Currency Linked Notes) shall be deemed to 
apply for the purposes of the determination of the Principal FX Rate and/or the Option FX Rate and: 
“FX” means, in respect of the Principal FX Rate or the Option FX Rate, as the case may be, an amount 
(expressed as a percentage) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following 
formula: 
 
Where: 
“FX(Initial)” means, in respect of the Principal FX Rate or the Option FX Rate (i = fx), Reference Item 
Initiali for such Principal FX Rate or Option FX Rate, as the case may be. 
“FX(Final)” means, in respect of the Principal FX Rate or the Option FX Rate (i = fx), Reference Item 
Finali for such Principal FX Rate or Option FX Rate, as the case may be, provided that, if the Notes 
are redeemed early pursuant to Redemption Payout Condition 2 (Redemption in respect of Credit-
Linked Notes), Reference Item Finali shall be determined on the date falling five Business Days prior 
to the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date, which date shall be deemed to be a “Valuation Date”. 
34. 
Additional Definitions 
34.1. 
General definitions 
The following expressions have the following meanings for the purposes of this Payout Schedule 2 
(Redemption): 
“CA” means the Calculation Amount; 
“Early Redemption Date” means each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, provided 
that, if any relevant scheduled date for valuation is delayed pursuant to the provisions of these 
Conditions, the relevant Early Redemption Date will be the later of the originally specified Early 
Redemption Date and the fifth Business Day following the last occurring date for valuation in respect 
of the amounts to be paid on such Early Redemption Date; 
“Max” means the greater of the items separated by a semi-colon in square brackets; 
“Min” means the lesser of the items separated by a semi-colon in square brackets; 
“n” means (i) in respect of Notes other than Notes for which “Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call 
Redemption Amount (Booster)” is specified as the Reference Item Linked Redemption Amount in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the total number of Reference Items to which the relevant Notes relate or (ii) in 
respect of Notes for which “Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Redemption Amount (Booster)” is 
specified as the Reference Item Linked Redemption Amount in the relevant Issue Terms, as specified 
in Redemption Payout Condition 29 or (iii) as otherwise specified herein or, in respect of Exempt 
Notes, in the relevant Pricing Supplement;

--- Page 464 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
 
E-241 
 
 
“Option FX Rate” (“OFX”) means (i) where “FX Option Conversion” is specified as Applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms, FX determined as provided in Redemption Payout Condition 33 (Exchange 
Rate) for the FX Rate specified for the Option FX Rate in the relevant Issue Terms or (ii) where “FX 
Option Conversion” is specified as Not Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 1. 
“Principal FX Rate” (“PFX”) means (i) where “FX Principal Conversion” is specified as Applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, FX determined as provided in Redemption Payout Condition 33 
(Exchange Rate) for the FX Rate specified for the Principal FX Rate in the relevant Issue Terms or 
(ii) where “FX Principal Conversion” is specified as Not Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 1. 
“Performance Floor” means the percentage (which may be less than zero) specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms or, if the Issue Terms specifies that “Performance Floor” is not applicable, zero; 
“PR” means the participation rate, expressed as a percentage, specified in the relevant Issue Terms or, 
if the Issue Terms specifies that “PR” is not applicable, 100 per cent.; 
“Redemption Factor” means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Item” means each reference item or asset (i where i = 1 … n) being, a Reference Entity, 
an Underlying Rate, an Index or Underlying Equity, Fund Interest, FX Rate or Commodity or, in 
respect of Exempt Notes, any other reference item or asset specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
provided that, a Reference Entity shall not be a Reference Item for the purposes of determining an 
Interest Amount, any Autocall Early Redemption Amount or a Reference Item-Linked Redemption 
Amount. For the avoidance of doubt, where the Notes relate to a single Reference Item, n = 1; 
“Reference Item Initiali” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i): 
(i) 
the Initial Price specified for such Reference Item (i) in the relevant Issue Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the amount determined as specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
(ii) 
where an Initial Valuation Date is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, an amount equal to 
the Reference Price for such Reference Item (i) in relation to the Initial Valuation Date; 
(iii) 
where Initial Averaging Dates are specified in the relevant Issue Terms, an amount equal to 
the arithmetic mean of the Reference Prices for such Reference Item (i) in relation to each of 
the Initial Averaging Dates (t = 1 … y), as determined by the Calculation Agent, expressed as 
a formula: 
 
(iv) 
where “Look-Back” is specified as Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, an amount equal 
to: 
(a) 
where “Highest” is specified as Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the highest 
Reference Price for such Reference Item (i) in relation to any Valuation Period Date 
during the specified Initial Valuation Period; or 
(b) 
where “Lowest” is specified as Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the lowest 
Reference Price for such Reference Item (i) in relation to any Valuation Period Date 
during the specified Initial Valuation Period; 
“Reference Item Finali” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i):

--- Page 465 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
 
E-242 
 
 
(i) 
where a Final Valuation Date is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, an amount equal to the 
Reference Price for such Reference Item (i) in relation to the Final Valuation Date; 
(ii) 
where Final Averaging Dates are specified in the relevant Issue Terms, an amount equal to 
the arithmetic mean of the Reference Prices for such Reference Item (i) in relation to each of 
the Final Averaging Dates (t = 1 … y), as determined by the Calculation Agent, expressed as 
a formula: 
 
(iii) 
where “Look-Back” is specified as Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, an amount equal 
to: 
(a) 
where “Highest” is specified as Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the highest 
Reference Price for such Reference Item (i) in relation to any Valuation Period Date 
during the specified Final Valuation Period; or 
(b) 
where “Lowest” is specified as Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the lowest 
Reference Price for such Reference Item (i) in relation to any Valuation Period Date 
during the specified Final Valuation Period; 
“Relevant Principal Amount” (“RPA”) means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the following formula: 
 
provided that, where the Notes are also Credit-linked Notes, Maturity Credit Event Redemption is 
specified as applying in the relevant Issue Terms and a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred 
in relation to one or more the specified Reference Entities, references to “CA” in the formula above 
shall be deemed to be references to the Credit-Linked Redemption Amount as defined in Redemption 
Payout Condition 2 (Redemption in respect of Credit-Linked Notes) above. 
“∑” means the sum of the values determined by reference to the specified formula in respect of each 
of the Reference Items (i = 1 … n), the Valuation Dates (t = 1 … y) or the General Redemption 
Components (j) (j = 1… k), or for any other relevant item, as otherwise indicated in the Conditions. 
“∏” means the product of the values determined by reference to the specified formula in respect of 
each of the Valuation Dates or TOM Periods (t = 1 … y). 
34.2. 
Dates and periods 
The following expressions have the following meanings for the purposes of this Payout Schedule 2 
(Redemption): 
“Autocall Valuation Date” means each date (t where: t = 1 … y) specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms, each such date being a “Valuation Date”. 
“Bermudan Observation Date” means each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, each 
such date being a “Valuation Date”; 
“Early Redemption Date” means, in respect of an Autocall Valuation Date, the date specified for 
such Autocall Valuation Date (t) in the relevant Issue Terms provided that, if any scheduled date for

--- Page 466 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
 
E-243 
 
 
valuation in respect of the relevant early redemption is delayed pursuant to the provisions of these 
Conditions, the relevant Early Redemption Date will be the later of the originally specified Early 
Redemption Date and the fifth Business Day following the last occurring date for valuation in respect 
of the amounts to be paid on such Early Redemption Date; 
“Final Averaging Date” means each date (t where: t = 1 … y) specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms, each such date being a “Valuation Date”; 
“Final Valuation Date” means the or each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, such 
date being a “Valuation Date”; 
“Final Valuation Period” means the period specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, such period 
being a “Valuation Period”; 
“Initial Averaging Date” means each date (t where: t = 1 … y) specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms, each such date being a “Valuation Date”; 
“Initial Valuation Date” means the or each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, such 
date being a “Valuation Date”; 
“Initial Valuation Period” means the period specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, such period 
being a “Valuation Period”; 
“Periodic Valuation Date” means each date (t where: t = 1 … y) specified as such in the relevant 
Terms, each such date being a “Valuation Date”; and 
“y” means, in respect of Final Averaging Dates (t) or Initial Averaging Dates (t) specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the total number of any such dates or, in respect of Exempt Notes, as otherwise 
specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement. 
35. 
Lock-in Booster Redemption Amount 
35.1. 
Application 
This Redemption Payout Condition 35 is applicable to the Notes only if “Lock-in Booster Redemption 
Amount” is specified as the Reference Item-Linked Redemption Amount in the relevant Issue Terms. 
35.2. 
Formula 
The “Lock-in Booster Redemption Amount” in respect of each Calculation Amount shall be an 
amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following 
formula: 
(i) 
if American Lock-in Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if Observed 
Performance has at any time been equal to or greater than any Lock-in Level, an amount in 
the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following 
formula: 
[CA + (CA x PR x Max [Performance; Relevant Lock-in Level]) x OFX]; or 
(ii) 
if American Lock-in Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if Observed 
Performance at all times has been less than any Lock-in Level AND:

--- Page 467 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
 
E-244 
 
 
(1) 
Performance is equal to or greater than the Upper Barrier, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula: 
[CA = (CA x PR x Performance) x OFX]; or 
(2) 
Performance is less than the Upper Barrier but equal to or greater than the 
Lower Barrier, an amount in the Specified Currency equal to the Calculation 
Amount; or 
(3) 
Performance is less than the Lower Barrier, an amount in the Specified 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following 
formula: 
[CA + (CA x Performance)]; or 
(iii) 
if Bermudan Lock-in Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if Observed 
Performance has on any Bermudan Observation Date been equal to or greater than any Lock-
in Level, an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the following formula: 
[CA + (CA x PR x Max [Performance; Relevant Lock-in Level]) x OFX]; or 
(iv) 
if Bermudan Lock-in Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if Observed 
Performance on each Bermudan Observation Date has been less than any Lock-in Level AND: 
(1) 
Performance is equal to or greater than the Upper Barrier, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula: 
[CA + (CA x PR x Performance) x OFX]; or 
(2) 
Performance is less than the Upper Barrier but equal to or greater than the 
Lower Barrier, an amount in the Specified Currency equal to the Calculation 
Amount; or 
(3) 
Performance is less than the Lower Barrier, an amount in the Specified 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following 
formula: 
[CA + (CA x Performance)] 
35.3. 
Definitions 
The following expressions have the following meanings for the purposes of this Redemption Payout 
Condition 35: 
“Call RI Performancei” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
[RI Performancei – Call Strike] 
 
“Call Strike” means the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms.

--- Page 468 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
 
E-245 
 
 
“Lock-in Level” is the or each percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
 “Lower Barrier” means the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms.  
“Nth Performing Reference Item” means the Reference Item (i) having the “Nth” highest or equal 
“Nth” highest RI Final Performancei, or, for the purposes of determining the Observed Performance 
at any time, having the “Nth” highest or equal “Nth” highest RI Performancei at the relevant time, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, where “N” is the ranking specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Observed Performance” means: 
(i) 
where the Notes relate to a single Reference Item (i), Call RI Performancei; 
(ii) 
where the Notes relate to a Basket of Reference Items (i), a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 Call RI Performance𝑖∗ W𝑖
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
(iii) 
where the relevant Issue Terms specified that “Nth Performance” is applicable, Call RI 
Performancei of the Nth Performing Reference Item.  
 
“Performance” means a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula: 
[Relevant Performance – Call Strike] 
“Reference Item Observedi” means the Observation Price (as defined in the relevant Reference Item 
Schedule) during the relevant Observation Period (where American Lock-in Valuation applies) or the 
Bermudan Observation Price (as defined in the relevant Reference Item Schedule) in respect of the 
relevant Bermudan Observation Date (where Bermudan Lock-in Valuation applies). 
“Relevant Lock-in Level” means the highest Lock-in Level (if any) which is equal to or next lowest 
to the highest Observed Performance (the “Highest Observed Performance”) or, if “Highest” is 
specified as Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, and the Highest Observed Performance is greater 
than the highest specified Lock-in Level, such Highest Observed Performance. 
“Relevant Performance” means: 
(i) 
where the Notes relate to a single Reference Item (i), RI Final Performancei; 
(ii) 
where the Notes relate to a Basket of Reference Items (i), a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
(iii) 
where the relevant Issue Terms specifies that “Nth Performance” is applicable, RI Final 
Performancei of the Nth Performing Reference Item.

--- Page 469 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
 
E-246 
 
 
“RI Final Performancei” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), an amount (expressed as a 
percentage) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
“RI Performancei” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), an amount (expressed as a percentage) 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
“Upper Barrier” means the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms.  
“Wi” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), the weighting for such Reference Item (i) specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms. 
36. 
Lock-in Call Redemption Amount 
36.1. 
Application 
This Redemption Payout Condition 36 is applicable to the Notes only if “Lock-in Call Redemption 
Amount” is specified as the Reference Item-Linked Redemption Amount in the relevant Issue Terms. 
36.2. 
Formula 
The “Lock-in Call Redemption Amount” in respect of each Calculation Amount shall be an amount 
in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
(i) 
if American Lock-in Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if Observed 
Performance has at any time been equal to or greater than any Lock-in Level, an amount in 
the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following 
formula: 
[CA + (CA x PR x Max [Call Performance; Relevant Lock-in Level]) x OFX]; or 
(ii) 
if American Lock-in Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if Observed 
Performance at all times has been less than any Lock-in Level AND: 
(1) 
Call Performance is equal to or greater than the Barrier, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula: 
[CA + (CA x PR x Call Performance) x OFX]; or 
(2) 
Call Performance is less than the Barrier, an amount in the Specified Currency 
equal to the Calculation Amount; or 
(iii) 
if Bermudan Lock-in Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if Observed 
Performance has on any Bermudan Observation Date been equal to or greater than any Lock-

--- Page 470 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
 
E-247 
 
 
in Level, an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the following formula: 
[CA + (CA x PR x Max [Call Performance; Relevant Lock-in Level]) x OFX]; or 
(iv) 
if Bermudan Lock-in Valuation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if Observed 
Performance on each Bermudan Observation Date has been less than any Lock-in Level AND: 
(1) 
Call Performance is equal to or greater than the Barrier, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula: 
[CA + (CA x PR x Call Performance) x OFX]; or 
(2) 
Call Performance is less than the Barrier, an amount in the Specified Currency 
equal to the Calculation Amount. 
36.3. 
Definitions 
The following expressions have the following meanings for the purposes of this Redemption Payout 
Condition 15: 
“Barrier” means the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms.  
“Call Performance” means a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula: 
 
“Call RI Performancei” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
[RI Performancei – Call Strike] 
“Call Strike” means the percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Lock-in Level” is the or each percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Nth Performing Reference Item” means the Reference Item (i) having the “Nth” highest or equal 
“Nth” highest RI Final Performancei, or, for the purposes of determining the Observed Performance 
at any time, having the “Nth” highest or equal “Nth” highest RI Performancei at the relevant time, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, where “N” is the ranking specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Observed Performance” means: 
(i) 
where the Notes relate to a single Reference Item (i), Call RI Performancei; 
(ii) 
where the Notes relate to a Basket of Reference Items (i), a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 Call RI Performance𝑖∗ W𝑖
𝑛
𝑖=1

--- Page 471 ---
PAYOUT SCHEDULE - REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
 
E-248 
 
 
 
(iii) 
where the relevant Issue Terms specified that “Nth Performance” is applicable, Call RI 
Performancei of the Nth Performing Reference Item.  
“Reference Item Observedi” means the Observation Price (as defined in the relevant Reference Item 
Schedule) during the relevant Observation Period (where American Lock-in Valuation applies) or the 
Bermudan Observation Price (as defined in the relevant Reference Item Schedule) in respect of the 
relevant Bermudan Observation Date (where Bermudan Lock-in Valuation applies). 
“Relevant Lock-in Level” means the highest Lock-in Level (if any) which is equal to or next lowest 
to the highest Observed Performance (the “Highest Observed Performance”) or, if “Highest” is 
specified as Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, and the Highest Observed Performance is greater 
than the highest specified Lock-in Level, such Highest Observed Performance. 
“Relevant Performance” means: 
(i) 
where the Notes relate to a single Reference Item (i), RI Final Performancei; 
(ii) 
where the Notes relate to a Basket of Reference Items (i), a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
(iii) 
where the relevant Issue Terms specifies that “Nth Performance” is applicable, RI Final 
Performancei of the Nth Performing Reference Item. 
“RI Final Performancei” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), an amount (expressed as a 
percentage) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
“RI Performancei” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), an amount (expressed as a percentage) 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
“Wi” means, in relation to a Reference Item (i), the weighting for such Reference Item (i) specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms.

--- Page 472 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-249 
 
 
SECTION E.3 - PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – [Other than with respect to offers of the 
Notes in [specify jurisdiction(s) for which a PRIIPs KID is being prepared]][during the period[s][x] –[x] repeat 
periods as necessary,][T]/[t]he Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area 
(“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (“MiFID II”); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; of (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently[, 
save as provided above,] no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the securities or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.][Include unless the Final Terms specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”] 
[MiFID II product governance / target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Securities has led to the conclusion 
that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties[,] [and] professional clients [and retail clients], 
each as defined in MiFID II; [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including 
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] / [(ii) all channels 
for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following 
channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate – [investment advice][,/and] [portfolio 
management][,/ and][non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s (as defined 
below) suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider/insert any 
negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
MiFID II, as applicable].]] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Securities has led to the conclusion 
that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”) [and retail clients, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”)]; [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, 
including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] / [(ii) all 
channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the 
following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate – [investment advice][,/and] ] 
[portfolio management][,/ and][non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s 
(as defined below) suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any 
negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to 
the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].]]

--- Page 473 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-250 
 
 
Pro Forma Final Terms for an issue of Notes other than Exempt Notes by Danske Bank A/S under the EUR 
5,000,000,000 Structured Note Programme. 
FINAL TERMS 
DATED [] 
Series No. [] 
Tranche No. [] 
DANSKE BANK A/S 
EUR 5,000,000,000 
Structured Note Programme 
Issue of 
[Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so [: 
(i) 
in those Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions mentioned in Paragraph 15 (Terms and Conditions 
of the Offer) of Part B below, provided such person is of a kind specified in that paragraph and that the offer 
is made during the Offer Period specified in that paragraph; or 
(ii) 
otherwise,] in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or to supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of 
Notes in any other circumstances. 
 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth 
in the Base Prospectus dated 16 June 2021[and the Supplement No. [] dated []] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(the “Prospectus Regulation”).  This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for 
the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus in order 
to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing at, and copies may be 
obtained from, the website of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) 
at https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin for a period of 12 months following the date of the Base 
Prospectus (dated 16 June 2021).[A Summary of the Notes is annexed to this Final Terms.]  
The Final Terms are available for viewing at the website of [Euronext Dublin at 
https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin] [the Issuer at www.danskebank.com]. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of an issue of Notes which is being increased 
was issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date or if Final Terms in respect of a Non-exempt Offer 
started under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date is being completed under the Base Prospectus. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth 
in the Base Prospectus dated [21 June 2013][, as supplemented by Supplement No. 4 dated 19 February 
2014][30 September 2013][, as supplemented by Supplement No.3 dated 14 February 2014][20 June 2014][19

--- Page 474 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-251 
 
 
September 2014][, as supplemented by Supplement No.1 dated 6 November 2014, Supplement No.2 dated 5 
December 2014 and Supplement No.5 dated 24 March 2015][23 June 2015] [22 June 2016] [, as supplemented 
by Supplement No.2 dated 4 November 2016] [20 June 2017] [19 June 2018] [18 June 2019] [17 June 2020] 
which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated [current date][, as supplemented by 
Supplement No. [] dated []], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for 
the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”).  This document constitutes 
the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read 
in conjunction with the Base Prospectus, including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base 
Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information.  Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the 
Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of this Final Terms and the Base Prospectus, including 
the Conditions which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. [A Summary of the Notes is 
annexed to this Final Terms.] The Base Prospectus is available for viewing at and copies may be obtained from 
website 
of 
the 
Irish 
Stock 
Exchange 
plc 
trading 
as 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.] 
[The following language is only to be inserted in Amended and Restated Final Terms which are 
prepared as a consequence of the update of a Base Prospectus in respect of the Programme prior to the end 
of the Offer Period/before the date of admission to trading of the Notes] 
[Investors should note that the Base Prospectus dated 17 June 2020 related to the Programme 
has been superseded by the Base Prospectus dated [current date]. Any investor who, as of the date of 
these amended and restated Final Terms has indicated acceptance of the offer of Notes to which these 
amended and restated Final Terms relates has the right, within not less than three working days of the 
date of publication of such amended and restated Final Terms, to withdraw such acceptance. This right 
to withdraw shall expire at [] on [insert date].] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A).  Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs 
or subparagraphs.  Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
[When completing any Final Terms, consideration should be given as to whether any information 
required to complete the Final Terms constitutes “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need 
for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
1. 
Issuer: 
Danske Bank A/S 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Notes will be consolidated and 
form a single Series with [identify earlier Tranche(s)] on 
the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note 
for interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to 
in item 38 below, which is expected to occur on or about 
[date]] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[] 
4. 
Aggregate Principal Amount: 
[[]] 
(i) 
[Series: 
[]] 
(ii) 
[Tranche: 
[]]

--- Page 475 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-252 
 
 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] [plus 
[] in respect of interest] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[] 
 
(N.B. In the case of Notes with a minimum denomination 
of EUR 100,000 or equivalent, where multiple 
denominations above EUR 100,000 or equivalent are 
being used the following sample wording should be 
followed: 
 
“[EUR 100,000] and integral multiples of [EUR 1,000] 
in excess thereof up to and including [EUR 199,000].  
No Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [EUR 199,000]”) 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination. 
 
If more than one Specified Denomination, insert the 
highest common factor.  Note: There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations) 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Issue Date/[]/Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Trade Date: 
[] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[specify date][, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention specified in item 41 
below] (N.B. include adjustment wording for Variable 
Rate Notes) [the “Scheduled Maturity Date” [or such 
later date for redemption determined as provided in 
Reference Item Condition 2 (Credit-Linked Notes)]] 
(N.B. if specifying a Business Day Convention and the 
Notes are Credit-Linked Notes consider interaction with 
the scheduled termination date on any hedging 
arrangements) 
Scheduled Termination Notice Date: 
[specify date] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[[[Capped/Floored/Collared/Reverse] 
Floating 
Rate 
Notes / Steepener Notes / Snowball Notes / Range 
Accrual Notes / Binary Rate Notes / Inflation Adjusted 
Interest Notes] determined by reference to [[] 
[month/year] [Currency] [LIBOR / EURIBOR / NIBOR

--- Page 476 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-253 
 
 
/ STIBOR / CIBOR / BBSW/OMX Swap Rate] / the 
Swap Rate]] [which are] 
 
[Rate-Linked Interest Notes] 
 
[Inflation-Linked Interest Notes] 
 
[Index-Linked Interest Notes] 
 
[Equity-Linked Interest Notes] 
 
[Fund-Linked Interest Notes] 
 
[Currency-Linked Interest Notes] 
 
[Commodity-Linked Interest Notes] 
 
[Zero Coupon Notes] 
 
[Change of Interest Basis: Applicable] 
 
(further particulars specified at item[s] [24] [25] [and 
[26(i) / 26(ii) / 26(iii) / 26(iv) / 26(viii) / 26(ix) / 26(vi) / 
26(v) / 26(vii)]] [27] [28] [and 29] below) 
 
[Not Applicable – the Notes do not bear or pay any 
interest] 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at [par/[] per cent.]] 
 
[Inflation-Linked Redemption Notes] 
 
[Index-Linked Redemption Notes] 
 
[Equity-Linked Redemption Notes] 
 
[Fund-Linked Redemption Notes] 
 
[Currency-Linked Redemption Notes] 
 
[Commodity-Linked Redemption Notes] 
 
[and Credit-Linked Redemption Notes] 
 
(further particulars specified at item[s] [34] [and [36(iv) 
/ 36(v)]] below) 
 
[subject to Autocall Early Redemption] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Call Option/Put Option/Not Applicable] 
 
(further particulars specified in item [30/31] below)  
12. 
Tax Gross-Up: 
[General Condition 8.1 (Gross-up) applicable]/[General 
Condition 8.3 (No gross-up) applicable] 
 
(N.B. Only one of General Condition 8.1 (Gross-up) and 
8.3 (No gross-up) should be specified as Applicable. If 
General Condition 8.1 (Gross-up) is specified as 
Applicable, General Condition 6.3 (Early redemption 
for tax reasons) will be applicable and General 
Condition 8.3 (No gross-up) will not be applicable) 
13. 
Date of Board approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REFERENCE ITEMS AND FX PRINCIPAL/OPTION 
CONVERSION 
14. 
Rate-Linked Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [in respect of the Variable 
Rate Note Provisions]

--- Page 477 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-254 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Whether the Notes relate to a 
basket of Underlying Rates or a 
single Underlying Rate (and if 
applicable) 
the 
relevant 
weightings: 
Single Underlying Rate 
(ii) 
Manner in which the Underlying 
Rate(s) is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
[Swap Rate Determination and the relevant Underlying 
Swap Rates will be determined in accordance with 
[Screen Rate/ISDA] Determination] [As specified in the 
Table below] 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(A) 
Reference Rate: 
[[] [month/year] [Currency] [LIBOR / EURIBOR / 
NIBOR / STIBOR / CIBOR / BBSW] / [OMX Swap 
Rate] / [As specified in the Table below]] 
(B) 
Relevant Currency: 
[] / [As specified in the Table below] 
(C) 
Designated Maturity: 
[] / [As specified in item 14(v) below] / [As specified 
in the Table below] / [and in/In respect of the [] 
Interest Period[s], determined as provided in Reference 
Item Condition 1.2(iv) (Linear Interpolation)] 
(D) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[] / [As specified in the Table below] 
(E) 
Relevant Time: 
[[] in the Relevant Financial Centre] / [As specified in 
the Table below] 
(F) 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[] / [As specified in the Table below] 
(G) 
Reference Banks: 
[] / [As specified in Reference Item Condition 1.4 
(Definitions)] / [As specified in the Table below] 
(H) 
Alternative 
Pre-
nominated 
Reference 
Rate: 
[Specify] [None] 
(iv) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If applicable and the Notes relate to more than one 
Reference Rate, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph and insert the relevant details in the 
Table below)

--- Page 478 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-255 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(A) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[] / [As specified in the Table below] 
(B) 
Designated Maturity: 
[] / [As specified in item 14(v) below] / [As specified 
in the Table below] / [and in/In respect of the [] 
Interest Period[s], determined as provided in Reference 
Item Condition 1.2(iv) (Linear Interpolation)] 
(C) 
Reset Date: 
[] / [First day of the relevant Interest Period] / [The 
relevant Observation Date] 
(D) 
Alternative 
Pre-
nominated 
Reference 
Rate: 
[Specify] [None] 
(v) 
Swap Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If applicable, also complete the relevant provisions of 
item 14(iii) or 14(iv) above.  If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub–paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(A) 
Designated Maturity of 
Swap Rate 1: 
[] [As specified in the Table below] 
(B) 
Designated Maturity of 
Swap Rate 2: 
[] [As specified in the Table below] 
TABLE 
Screen Rate Determination 
[i 
Reference Rate 
Relevant 
Currency 
Designated Maturity 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page 
Relevant 
Time 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre 
Reference 
Banks 
[Swap Rate 1] 
[Swap Rate 2 
1 
[[] 
[month/year] 
[Currency] 
[LIBOR / 
EURIBOR / 
NIBOR / 
STIBOR / 
CIBOR / BBSW] 
/ [OMX Swap 
Rate] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] in the 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre 
[] 
[] / [As 
specified in 
Reference 
Item 
Condition 
1.4 
(Definitions)
] 
…] 
… 
… 
… 
…] 
… 
… 
… 
… 
ISDA Determination 
[i 
Floating Rate Option 
Designated Maturity 
Reset Date

--- Page 479 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-256 
 
 
[Swap Rate 1] 
[Swap Rate 2 
[1/… 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
…] 
… 
… 
…] 
… 
15. 
Inflation Linked Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [in respect of the Variable 
Rate Note Provisions] [only] [and] [in respect of the 
Reference Item-Linked Redemption Provisions] [only] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
The identity of the relevant 
Inflation Index: 
[Insert name of Inflation Index] 
(ii) 
Payment Dates: 
[Specify/The provisions of Reference Item Condition 
3.3 (Definitions) apply] 
(iii) 
Relevant Determination Date: 
[Specify/The 
provisions 
of 
Reference 
Item 
Condition 3.3 (Definitions) apply/As specified in item 
[35(ii)] below] 
(iv) 
Number of Months: 
(t) 
(t - ω) 
 
[] 
[] 
(v) 
Related Bond: 
[Applicable: 
[Specify/Fallback 
Bond]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Issuer of Related Bond: []] 
(vi) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable: [Specify/The provisions of Reference Item 
Condition 3.3 (Definitions) apply] 
 
End Date: 
[]] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
(vii) 
Period 
of 
Cessation 
of 
Publication: 
[[] months] / [The provisions of Reference Item 
Condition 3.2(ii) (Cessation of Publication) apply] 
(viii) 
Revised Index Level: 
[No Revision/Revision] shall apply 
(ix) 
Revision Cut-off Date: 
[[] Business Days prior to [the/each] Payment Date] / 
[The provisions of Reference Item Condition 3.3 
(Definitions) apply] 
(x) 
Manifest Error Cut-off Date: 
[[] Business Days prior to [the/each] Payment Date] / 
[The provisions of Reference Item Condition 3.3 
(Definitions) apply]

--- Page 480 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-257 
 
 
16. 
Index-Linked Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [in respect of the Variable 
Rate Note Provisions] [only] [and] [in respect of the 
Reference Item-Linked Redemption Provisions] [only] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(In relation to Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Redemption Amount (Booster), repeat the 
following sections as necessary for each of the Call Element and the Put Element) 
(In relation to General Redemption Amount, repeat the following sections as necessary for each 
General Redemption Component) 
[Reference Item(s) relating to the [Put/Call] Element:] [Reference Item(s) relating to General 
Redemption Component []:] 
(i) 
Whether the [Notes/[Put/Call] 
Element/General 
Redemption 
Component] relate[s] to a basket 
of indices or a single index, the 
identity 
of 
the 
relevant 
Index/Indices, whether any such 
Index is a Designated Multi-
Exchange 
Index 
and 
(if 
applicable) 
the 
relevant 
weightings: 
[Basket of Indices/Single Index] 
[[Insert name of Index]/The [Index is/Indices are] as 
specified in the Table below] 
[[The 
Index 
is 
a 
Designated 
Multi-Exchange 
Index]/[[The/Each] Index is a Multi-Exchange Index if 
so specified in the Table below] 
 
(N.B. Designated Multi-Exchange Index only applies in 
relation to the EURO STOXX Index unless otherwise 
specifically agreed) 
 
[Wi, the weighting, for each Index is as specified in [the 
Table below/item 36(xi)(E) below]] 
(ii) 
Initial Price: 
[[]/As specified in the Table below/Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Exchange(s): 
[[]/Principal Exchanges/As specified in the Table 
below] 
(iv) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[[]/As specified in the Table below/All Exchanges] 
(v) 
Valuation Time: 
[Reference Item Condition 4.4 (Definitions) applies/As 
specified in the Table below/Scheduled Closing 
Time/specify other] 
(vi) 
Correction of Index Levels: 
Correction of Index Levels [applies/does not apply and 
any relevant amounts shall be calculated without regard 
to any subsequently published correction] 
 
(If Correction of Index Levels does not apply, delete the 
following sub paragraph)

--- Page 481 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-258 
 
 
[Correction Cut-Off Date: 
[In relation to a Relevant Determination Date, [] 
Business Days after such Relevant Determination 
Date]] 
TABLE 
I 
Index 
Designated 
Multi-Exchange 
Index 
Exchange 
Related 
Exchange 
[Valuation 
Time 
[Initial Price 
[Wi 
1 
[] 
[Yes/No] 
[[]/Principal 
Exchanges] 
[[]/All 
Exchanges] 
[[]/Scheduled 
Closing Time] 
[] 
[] 
… 
[] 
[Yes/No] 
[[]/Principal 
Exchanges] 
[[]/All 
Exchanges] 
[[]/Scheduled 
Closing Time] 
[] 
[] 
n 
[] 
[Yes/No] 
[[]/Principal 
Exchanges] 
[[]/All 
Exchanges] 
[[]/Scheduled 
Closing Time]] 
[]] 
[]] 
 
17. 
Equity-Linked Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [in respect of the Variable 
Rate Note Provisions] [only] [and] [in respect of the 
Reference Item-Linked Redemption Provisions] [only] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(In relation to Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Redemption Amount (Booster), repeat the 
following sections as necessary for each of the Call Element and the Put Element) 
(In relation to General Redemption Amount, repeat the following sections as necessary for each 
General Redemption Component) 
[Reference Item(s) relating to the [Put/Call] Element:] [Reference Item(s) relating to General 
Redemption Component []:] 
(i) 
Whether the [Notes/[Put/Call] 
Element/General 
Redemption 
Component] relate[s] to a basket 
of equity securities or a single 
equity security, details relating 
to 
the 
Underling 
Equity 
/Equities, the identity of the 
relevant 
issuer(s) 
of 
the 
Underlying 
Equity/Equities, 
whether any such Underlying 
Equity is an ETF share and (if 
applicable) 
the 
relevant 
weightings: 
[Basket of Underlying Equities/Single Underlying 
Equity] 
[[Insert type of Underlying Equity]/The Underlying 
[Equity is/Equities are] as specified in the Table below] 
[[The/Each] Underlying Equity is an ETF Share [if so 
specified in the Table below]] 
[[Insert name of Equity Issuer]/[The Equity Issuer of 
[the/each] Underlying Equity is the entity specified in 
the Table below] 
 
[Wi, the weighting, for each Underlying Equity is as 
specified in [the Table below/item 36(xi)(E) below]] 
(ii) 
Initial Price: 
[[]/As specified in the Table below/Not Applicable]

--- Page 482 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-259 
 
 
(iii) 
Exchange(s): 
[[]/As specified in the Table below] 
(iv) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[[]/As specified in the Table below/All Exchanges] 
(v) 
Valuation Time: 
[Reference Item Condition 5.3 (Definitions) applies/As 
specified in the Table below/Scheduled Closing 
Time/specify other] 
(vi) 
Potential Adjustment Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [in respect of each 
Underlying Equity] 
(vii) 
Extraordinary Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [in respect of each 
Underlying Equity] 
(viii) 
Correction 
of 
Underlying 
Equity Prices: 
Correction of Underlying Equity Prices [applies/does 
not apply and any relevant amounts shall be calculated 
without regard to any subsequently published 
correction] 
 
(If Correction of Underlying Equity Prices does not 
apply, delete the following sub paragraph) 
[Correction Cut-Off Date: 
[In relation to a Relevant Determination Date, [] 
Business Days after such Relevant Determination 
Date]] 
TABLE 
i 
Underlying 
Equity 
ETF Share 
Equity 
Issuer 
Exchange 
Related 
Exchange 
[Valuation 
Time 
[Initial 
Price 
[Wi 
1 
[Common 
Stock/specify 
other] 
[Yes/No] 
[] 
[] 
[[]/All 
Exchanges] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
… 
[Common 
Stock/specify 
other] 
[Yes/No] 
[] 
[] 
[[]/All 
Exchanges] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
n 
[Common 
Stock/specify 
other] 
[Yes/No] 
[] 
[] 
[[]/All 
Exchanges] 
[] 
[]] 
[]] 
18. 
Fund-Linked Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [in respect of the Variable 
Rate Note Provisions] [only] [and] [in respect of the 
Reference Item-Linked Redemption Provisions] [only] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(In relation to Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Redemption Amount (Booster), repeat the 
following sections as necessary for each of the Call Element and the Put Element)

--- Page 483 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-260 
 
 
(In relation to General Redemption Amount, repeat the following sections as necessary for each 
General Redemption Component) 
[Reference Item(s) relating to the [Put/Call] Element:] [Reference Item(s) relating to General 
Redemption Component []:] 
(i) 
Whether the [Notes/[Put/Call] 
Element/General 
Redemption 
Component] relate[s] to a basket 
of Fund Interests or a single 
Fund Interest, details relating to 
the Fund Interest(s), the identity 
of the relevant Fund(s) and (if 
applicable) 
the 
relevant 
weightings: 
[Basket of Fund Interests/Single Fund Interest] 
[[Insert type of Fund Interest]/The Fund [Interest 
is/Interests are] as specified in the Table below] 
[[Insert name of Fund]/[The issuer of [the/each] Fund 
Interest is the fund specified in the Table below] 
[Wi, the weighting, for each Fund Interest is as specified 
in [the Table below/item 36(xi)(E) below]] 
(ii) 
Initial Price: 
[[]/As specified in the Table below/Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Potential Adjustment Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [in respect of each Fund 
Interest] 
(iv) 
Extraordinary Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [in respect of each Fund 
Interest] 
(v) 
Correction of NAV: 
Correction of NAV [applies/does not apply and any 
relevant amount shall be calculated without regard to 
any subsequently published correction] 
 
(If Correction of NAVs does not apply, delete the 
following sub paragraph) 
[Correction Cut-Off Date: 
[In relation to a Relevant Determination Date, [] 
Business Days after such Relevant Determination 
Date]] 
(vi) 
Additional 
Fund-Linked 
Provisions: 
(Complete prompts (A) – (T) opposite and when 
completing if applicable include the wording: “in 
respect of [all] Fund Interest[s] ([specify number(s)] 
shown in the Table below])”) 
(A) 
Cut-off Period: 
[ Scheduled Redemption Valuation Dates/insert 
other] 
(B) 
Deemed 
Payout 
Method: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(C) 
Extraordinary 
Fund 
Events: 
[Fund Insolvency Event [for which purpose [each 
of][] are specified as a Fund Insolvency Entity/NAV 
Trigger Event/Adviser Resignation Event/Reporting 
Disruption]]/[Additional Extraordinary Fund Event] 
(D) 
Final Cut-off Date: 
[insert if applicable]

--- Page 484 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-261 
 
 
(E) 
Fund Administrator: 
[insert/Reference Item Condition 6.5 applies] 
(F) 
Fund Adviser: 
[insert details] 
(G) 
Additional 
Fund 
Documents: 
[insert if applicable] 
(H) 
Fund Interest Unit: 
[insert] 
(I) 
Fund Service Provider: 
[insert if applicable] 
(J) 
Hypothetical 
Investor 
Jurisdiction: 
[insert/Reference Item Condition 6.5 applies] 
(K) 
Redemption 
Notice 
Date: 
[insert/Reference Item Condition 6.5 applies] 
(L) 
Redemption Proceeds: 
[The Hypothetical Investor will be deemed to have 
elected [non-]cash payment/Reference Item Condition 
6.5 applies] 
(M) 
Reference Fund: 
[insert/Reference Item Condition 6.5 applies] 
(N) 
Reference 
Fund 
Subscription Date: 
[insert/Reference Item Condition 6.5 applies] 
(O) 
Relevant Price: 
[insert/Reference Item Condition 6.5 applies] 
(P) 
Reported 
Value 
Method: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [and where the Reported 
Value Convention is [Prior Redemption Valuation 
Date][Prior Fund Valuation Date][Last Reported 
Value][Following Fund Valuation Date][Following 
Redemption Valuation Date] 
(Q) 
Scheduled Redemption 
Payment Date: 
[insert/Reference Item Condition 6.5 applies] 
(R) 
Scheduled Redemption 
Valuation Date: 
[insert/Reference Item Condition 6.5 applies] 
(S) 
Subscription 
Notice 
Date: 
[insert/Reference Item Condition 6.5 applies] 
(T) 
Valuation Time: 
[insert/Reference Item Condition 6.5 applies] 
 
TABLE 
i 
Fund Interest 
Fund 
[Fund Business Day Centres 
[Initial Price 
[Wi 
1 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
… 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[]

--- Page 485 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-262 
 
 
n 
[] 
[] 
[]] 
[]] 
[]] 
19. 
Currency-Linked Provisions 
[Not Applicable] / [Applicable [in respect of FX Interest 
Conversion] [only] [and] [in respect of FX Principal 
Conversion] [only] [and] [in respect of FX Option 
Conversion] [only] [and] [in respect of the Variable 
Rate Note Provisions] [only] [and] [in respect of the 
Reference Item-Linked Redemption Provisions] [only]] 
 
(Specify for the Reference Item(s) and/or repeat for 
each of FX Interest Conversion, FX Principal 
Conversion and FX Option Conversion, as applicable) 
 
[FX [Interest/Principal/Option] Conversion applies as 
specified in item 37 below and the provisions of 
Reference Item Schedule 7 (Currency Linked Notes) 
shall 
apply 
for 
the 
determination 
of 
the 
[Interest/Principal/Option] FX Rate] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(In relation to Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Redemption Amount (Booster), repeat the 
following sections as necessary for each of the Call Element and the Put Element) 
(In relation to General Redemption Amount, repeat the following sections as necessary for each 
General Redemption Component) 
[Reference Item(s) relating to the [Put/Call] Element:] [Reference Item(s) relating to General 
Redemption Component []:] 
(i) 
Whether the [Notes/[Put/Call] 
Element/General 
Redemption 
Component] relate[s] to a basket 
of FX Rates or a single FX Rate, 
the identity of the relevant 
Currency 
Pair(s), 
Subject 
Currency/Currencies and Base 
Currency/Currencies 
and 
(if 
applicable) 
the 
relevant 
weightings: 
[Basket of FX Rates/Single FX Rate] 
[The [Interest/Principal/Option] FX Rate shall be 
determined by reference to the Single FX Rate 
described below] 
[[Insert 
details 
of 
Currency 
Pair(s), 
Subject 
Currency/Currencies 
and 
Base 
Currency 
/ 
Currencies]/The 
Currency 
Pair[s], 
Subject 
Currenc[y/ies] and Base Currenc[y/ies] are as specified 
in the Table below] 
 
[Wi, the weighting, for each FX Rate is as specified in 
[the Table below/item 36(xi)(E) below]] 
(ii) 
Initial Price: 
[[]/As specified in the Table below/Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Relevant FX Screen Page: 
[[]/As specified in the Table below] 
(iv) 
Valuation Time: 
[[]/As specified in the Table below] 
(v) 
Currency 
Business 
Day 
Centre(s): 
[[]/As specified in the Table below]

--- Page 486 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-263 
 
 
(vi) 
Reference Price: 
Cross-rate: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
[As 
specified in the Table below] 
 
[Specify for each Cross-rate: The Reference Price is 
[the [product/quotient] of] [(i) the [product/quotient] of] 
[the inverse of] [insert Relevant Currency Pair] [(as 
numerator)] [and] [(ii)] [the inverse of] [insert Relevant 
Currency Pair] [(as [numerator/denominator])] [and] 
[(ii/iii)] [the inverse of] [insert Relevant Currency Pair] 
[as denominator]] 
TABLE 
(Specify for each Currency Pair which is not part of a Cross-rate) 
[i 
Cross-rate 
Currency 
Pair 
Subject 
Currency 
Base 
Currency 
Relevant 
FX 
Screen 
Page 
Valuation 
Time 
Currency 
Business 
Day 
Centre(s) 
[Initial 
Price 
[Wi 
1 
Not 
Applicable 
[]/[] 
[] 
[] 
[] [] 
[] 
([] 
time) 
[] [] 
[] 
[] 
… 
Not 
Applicable 
[]/[] 
[] 
[] 
[] [] 
[] 
([] 
time) 
[] [] 
[] 
[] 
[n/.....] 
Not 
Applicable 
[]/[] 
[] 
[] 
[] [] 
[] 
([] 
time) 
[] [] 
[]] 
[]]] 
(Specify for each Cross-rate) 
[i 
Cross-rate 
Relevant 
Currency 
Pairs 
comprising 
Cross-rate 
Subject 
Currency 
Base 
Currency 
Relevant 
FX 
Screen 
Page 
Valuation 
Time 
Currenc
y 
Business 
Day 
Centre(s) 
[Initial 
Price 
[Wi 
[1/ ... ] 
Applicable 
[]/[] 
[] 
[] 
[] [] 
[] 
([] 
time) 
[] [] 
[] 
[] 
 
 
[]/[] 
[] 
[] 
[] [] 
[] 
([] 
time) 
[] [] 
 
 
 
 
[]/[] 
[] 
[] 
[] [] 
[] 
([] 
time) 
[] [] 
 
 
… 
Applicable 
[]/[] 
[] 
[] 
[] [] 
[] 
([] 
time) 
[] [] 
[] 
[] 
 
 
[]/[] 
[] 
[] 
[] [] 
[] 
([] 
time) 
[] [] 
 
 
 
 
[]/[] 
[] 
[] 
[] [] 
[] 
([] 
time) 
[] [] 
 
 
n 
Applicable 
[]/[] 
[] 
[] 
[] [] 
[] 
([] 
time) 
[] [] 
[]] 
[]]] 
 
 
[]/[] 
[] 
[] 
[] [] 
[] 
([] 
time) 
[] [] 
 
 
 
 
[]/[] 
[] 
[] 
[] [] 
[] 
([] 
time) 
[] []

--- Page 487 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-264 
 
 
20. 
Commodity-Linked Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [in respect of the Variable 
Rate Note Provisions] [only] [and] [in respect of the 
Reference Item-Linked Redemption Provisions] [only] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(In relation to Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Redemption Amount (Booster), repeat the 
following sections as necessary for each of the Call Element and the Put Element) 
(In relation to General Redemption Amount, repeat the following sections as necessary for each 
General Redemption Component) 
[Reference Item(s) relating to the [Put/Call] Element:] [Reference Item(s) relating to General 
Redemption Component []:] 
(i) 
Whether the [Notes/[Put/Call] 
Element/General 
Redemption 
Component] relate[s] to a basket 
of Commodities or a single 
Commodity, the identity of the 
relevant 
Commodity 
/ 
Commodities, whether any such 
Commodity 
is 
a 
Bullion 
Commodity or a Commodity 
Index and (if applicable) the 
relevant weightings: 
[Basket of Commodities/Single Commodity] 
[[Insert 
type 
of 
Commodity]/The 
[Commodity 
is/Commodities are] as specified in the Table below] 
[The Commodity is a [Bullion Commodity / 
Commodity Index]]/[[The/Each] Commodity is a 
Bullion Commodity [and/or a Commodity Index] if so 
specified in the Table below] 
[Wi, the weighting, for each Commodity is as specified 
in [the Table below/item 36(xi)(E) below]] 
(ii) 
Initial Price: 
[[]/As specified in the Table below/Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Commodity Reference Price: 
[[]/Commodity Reference Dealers: specify Reference 
Dealers at item 20(xiv) below/As specified in the Table 
below] 
Alternate Commodity Reference 
Price: 
[specify/Not Applicable/As specified in the Table 
below] 
(iv) 
Specified Price: 
[high price][low price][average of high and low 
prices][closing price][opening price][bid price][asked 
price][average of bid and asked prices][settlement 
price][official settlement price][official price][morning 
fixing][afternoon fixing][spot price][other] [insert 
time, if applicable] [As specified in the Table below] 
(v) 
Delivery Date: 
[date] [month and year] [[First/Second/Third/other] 
Nearby Month] [specify method] [As specified in the 
Table below] [Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Unit: 
[[]/As specified in the Table below] 
(vii) 
Price Source: 
[[]/As specified in the Table below] 
(viii) 
Exchange(s): 
[[]/As specified in the Table below]

--- Page 488 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-265 
 
 
(ix) 
Commodity 
Business 
Day 
Convention in respect of each 
Valuation Date: 
[Following / Modified Following / Modified / Nearest / 
Preceding] 
(x) 
Common Pricing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xi) 
Option Pricing: 
[Applicable in respect of [[the/each] Valuation Date] / 
[[the/each] Initial Valuation Date ] [and] [[the/each] 
Final Valuation Date] [and] [each Initial Averaging 
Date] [and] [each Final Averaging Date] [and] [each 
Periodic Valuation Date] [and] [each Autocall 
Valuation Date] [and] [each Valuation Period Date]] 
[Not Applicable] 
(xii) 
Market Disruption Event(s): 
[The following Market Disruption Events apply to the 
Notes: 
 
[Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price] 
 
[Material Change in Content] 
 
[Material Change in Formula] 
 
[Price Source Disruption: specify Price Materiality 
Percentage at item (xvi) below (if applicable)] 
 
[Tax Disruption] 
 
[Trading Disruption: specify any additional 
futures/options contract or commodity] 
 
[Reference Item Condition 8.2(ii) (Deemed Market 
Disruption Events) applies] 
(NB: if Reference Item Condition 8.2(ii) (Deemed 
Market Disruption Events) applies, the Market 
Disruption Events specified in that Reference Item 
Condition will apply – this does NOT include Tax 
Disruption) 
(xiii) 
Disruption Fallback(s): 
[The following Disruption Fallbacks apply to the Notes 
(in the following order): 
 
[Calculation Agent Determination] 
 
[Cancellation] 
 
[Delayed Publication or Announcement: specify 
Maximum Days of Disruption at item 20(xv) below] 
 
[Fallback Reference Dealers: specify Reference 
Dealers at item 20(xiv) below] 
 
[Fallback Reference Price: specify alternate 
Commodity Reference Price at item 20(iii)] 
 
[Postponement: specify Maximum Days of Disruption 
at item 20(xv) below]] 
 
 
 
(NB: Must be specified in the order in which they 
apply) 
 
[Reference Item Condition 8.2(v) (Deemed Disruption 
Fallbacks) applies] 
 
(NB: If Reference Item Condition 8.2(v) (Deemed 
Disruption Fallbacks) applies, the Disruption

--- Page 489 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-266 
 
 
Fallbacks specified in that Reference Item Condition 
will apply) 
(xiv) 
Reference Dealers: 
[Specify four dealers/Not Applicable] 
 
(For Bullion Commodities specify the principal London 
office of dealers that are members of the London 
Bullion Market Association) 
 
(N.B. Only applicable where Commodity Reference 
Dealers is specified as the Commodity Reference Price 
or Fallback Reference Dealers is specified as a 
Disruption Fallback) 
(xv) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[[]/Reference Item Condition 8.4 (Definitions) 
applies/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. Only applicable where Delayed Publication or 
Announcement or Postponement are specified as a 
Disruption Fallback) 
(xvi) 
Price Materiality Percentage: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. Only relevant for Price Source Disruption, if 
applicable) 
(xvii) Correction 
of 
Commodity 
Reference Prices: 
Correction 
of 
Commodity 
Reference 
Prices 
[applies/does not apply and any relevant amount shall 
be calculated without regard to any subsequently 
published correction] 
 
(If Correction of Commodity Reference Prices does not 
apply, delete the following sub paragraph) 
[Correction Cut-Off Date: 
[In relation to a Relevant Determination Date, [] 
Business Days after such Relevant Determination 
Date]] 
TABLE 
i 
Commodity 
[Bullion 
Commodity/ 
Commodity 
Index] 
Commodity 
Reference 
Price and Unit 
[Alternate 
Commodity 
Reference 
[Specified 
Price 
[Delivery Date 
Price Source 
Exchange 
[Initial Price 
[Wi 
1 
[] 
[Yes/No] 
[]/Commodity 
Reference 
Dealers] per [] 
[] 
[high 
price] 
[low 
price] 
[average 
of 
high and low prices] 
[closing 
price] 
[opening price] [bid 
price] [asked price] 
[average of bid and 
asked 
prices] 
[settlement 
price] 
[official 
settlement 
[date] [month and year] 
[[First/Second/Third/oth
er] 
Nearby 
Month] 
[specify method]] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[
]

--- Page 490 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-267 
 
 
price] [official price] 
[morning 
fixing] 
[afternoon 
fixing] 
[spot price] [other] 
[insert 
time, 
if 
applicable] 
… 
[] 
[Yes/No] 
… 
[] 
… 
… 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[
] 
n 
[] 
[Yes/No] 
… 
[] 
… 
… 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[
] 
21. 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Increased 
Cost 
of 
Stock 
Borrow: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If applicable, include the following) 
 
[The Initial Stock Loan Rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each Underlying Equity/Component Security] 
is: []] 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in the case of Index-Linked Notes 
and Equity-Linked Notes) 
(v) 
Insolvency Filing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Only applicable in the case of Equity-Linked 
Notes) 
(vi) 
Loss of Stock Borrow: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If applicable, include the following) 
 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each Underlying Equity/Component Security] 
is: []] 
22. 
Credit-Linked Provisions 
[Applicable – the Notes are Credit-Linked Notes/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this paragraph)

--- Page 491 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-268 
 
 
 
(Credit-Linked Notes may not be (i) Variable Rate Notes 
(other than Range Accrual Notes), (ii) Reference Item-
Linked Interest Notes, (iii) Notes for which Autocall 
Early Redemption is specified as Applicable or (iv) Notes 
for which the Reference Item-Linked Redemption 
Amount is the Non-Protected Put Redemption Amount 
(Reverse Convertible), the Non-Protected Knock-in Put 
Redemption Amount (Reverse Convertible), the Non-
Protected Knock-in Put with Call Redemption Amount, 
the Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Spread 
Redemption Amount or the Non-Protected Knock-in Put 
with Call Redemption Amount (Booster)) 
(i) 
Settlement Method: 
[Auction Settlement/Cash Settlement/Zero/Set Recovery 
Notes] 
(ii) 
Type of Credit-Linked Notes: 
The Notes are [Single Reference Entity] [Portfolio Credit 
Linked Notes] [First-to-Default] [Nth to Default Credit 
Linked Notes [and the Relevant Number is [specify] (for 
Nth to Default Credit Linked Notes)] 
(iii) 
Tranching: 
[Tranched/Non-Tranched] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(N.B. 
specify as Not Applicable for all Notes other than 
Portfolio Credit Linked Notes)  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this sub-paragraph) 
(A) 
Attachment Point: 
[]% 
(B) 
Detachment Point: 
[]% 
(C) 
Recovered 
Principal 
Exposure: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(“Applicable” may only be specified for Tranched 
Portfolio Credit-Linked Notes) 
(iv) 
Credit 
Event 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[specify amount (NB only use for zero recovery that are 
not Portfolio Credit Linked Notes)] [As set out in 
Redemption Payout Condition 2.2] 
[Reference 
Item 
Linked 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(v) 
Credit Event Redemption Date: [Reference Item Condition 2.10 applies] [[specify if other 
than three] Business Days] 
(vi) 
Maturity 
Credit 
Event 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(Specify Applicable for Credit-Linked Notes which are 
also Zero Coupon Notes or for which the Final 
Redemption Amount is the Reference Item-Linked 
Redemption Amount) (Specify Not Applicable for 
Portfolio Credit Linked Notes)

--- Page 492 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-269 
 
 
(vii) 
Reference Entity(ies): 
[Each/The] entity specified as a Reference Entity in the 
table below (Specify elections for each Reference Entity 
in a table in the form below and repeat rows as 
necessary)

--- Page 493 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-270 
 
 
TABLE 
 
Reference 
Entity 
Reference 
Entity Notional 
Amount 
Reference 
Obligation 
All Guarantees 
Credit Events: 
Provisions 
relating 
to 
Restructuring 
Credit Event: 
Multiple 
Holder 
Obligation: 
Restructuring 
Maturity 
Limitation and 
Fully 
Transferable 
Obligation 
Modified 
Restructuring 
Maturity 
Limitation and 
Conditionally 
Transferable 
Obligation 
[Set/Zero 
Recovery Price  
[] 
[] 
[Standard 
Reference 
Obligation [not] 
applicable] 
[Senior 
Level/Subordin
ated 
Level] 
(must 
be 
inserted 
when 
Notes are cash 
settled) 
[The obligations 
identified 
as 
follows: 
Primary 
Obligor: 
[] 
Maturity: 
[] 
Coupon: 
[] 
CUSIP/ISIN: 
[] Guarantor: 
[] (N.B. delete 
if 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation 
is 
applicable)] 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
[Bankruptcy] 
[Failure to Pay] 
[Grace 
Period 
Extension 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
Grace 
Period: 
[] 
[calendar 
days] 
[Grace 
Period Business 
Days] 
[Obligation 
Default] 
[Obligation 
Acceleration] 
[Repudiation/M
oratorium] 
[Restructuring] 
[Governmental 
Intervention] 
Reference Item 
Condition 2.11 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
[[Mod 
R/Mod 
Mod 
R] 
applicable]] 
Provisions 
relating 
to 
Reference Item 
Condition 2.12 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(insert 
percentage 
in 
relation to each 
Reference 
Entity, 
which 
may be zero, if 
applicable)] 
 
Reference Entity 
Obligation 
Category: (select 
one only) 
Obligation 
Characteristics: 
(select 
all 
of 
which apply) 
Additional 
Obligation(s) 
Excluded 
Obligation(s): 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Category (for the 
purposes 
of 
determining 
Valuation 
Obligation(s)): 
(select one only) 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristics 
(for the purposes 
of 
determining 
Valuation 
Obligation(s)): 
(select all which 
apply) 
Excluded 
Deliverable 
Obligation(s) 
(for the purposes 
of 
determining 
Valuation 
Obligation(s)): 
2019 
Narrowly 
Tailored Credit 
Event 
Provisions: 
Provisions 
relating to Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Reference 
Obligations: 
[] 
[Payment] 
[Borrowed 
Money] 
[Not 
Subordinated] 
[insert name(s)] / 
[Not Applicable] 
[insert name(s)] / 
[Not Applicable] 
[Payment] 
[Borrowed 
Money] 
[Not 
Subordinated] 
[Specify]/[Not 
Applicable] 
Reference 
Item 
Condition 
2.19: 
[Applicable/Not 
Reference 
Item 
Condition 
2.20: 
[Applicable/Not

--- Page 494 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-271 
 
 
[Reference 
Obligation Only] 
[Bond] 
[Loan] 
[Bond or Loan] 
 
[Specified 
Currency: [specify 
currency] 
[Standard 
Specified 
Currency]] 
[Not 
Sovereign 
Lender] 
[Not 
Domestic 
Currency:] 
[Domestic 
Currency means: 
[specify 
currency]] 
[Not 
Domestic 
Law] 
[Listed] 
[Not 
Domestic 
Issuance] 
[Reference 
Obligation Only] 
[Bond] 
[Loan 
[Bond or Loan] 
[Specified 
Currency: 
[specify/Standard 
Specified 
Currency]] 
[Not 
Sovereign 
Lender] 
[Not 
Domestic 
Currency] 
[Domestic 
Currency means: 
[specify 
currency]] 
[Not 
Domestic 
Law] 
[Listed] 
 [Not 
Domestic 
Issuance] 
[Assignable Loan] 
[Consent Required 
Loan] 
[Direct 
Loan 
Participation] 
[Qualifying 
Participation 
Seller: 
[insert 
details]] 
[Transferable] 
[Maximum 
Maturity:  []] 
[Accelerated 
or 
Matured] 
[Not Bearer] 
Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs 
of this section) 
 
[Fallback 
Discounting: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
 
Credit 
Deterioration 
Requirement: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
Applicable] 
(Specify for each Reference Entity)

--- Page 495 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-272 
 
 
(viii) 
Default Requirement: 
[insert amount in relevant currency] [Reference Item 
Condition 2.10 applies] 
(ix) 
Payment Requirement: 
[insert amount in relevant currency] [Reference Item 
Condition 2.10 applies] 
(x) 
Credit 
Event 
Determination 
Date: 
Notice 
of 
Publicly 
Available 
Information: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
Public Source(s):  
[specify] 
 
Specified Number: 
[specify]] 
(xi) 
Credit Event Backstop Date 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable – the Credit Exposure Start Date is []] 
[Not Applicable] 
(xii) 
Merger Event: 
Reference 
Item 
Condition 
2.9 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] [If applicable:  
 
Merger 
Event 
Redemption Date: 
[specify] 
 
Merger 
Event 
Redemption Amount: 
[specify] 
(xiii) 
Unwind Costs: 
[Standard Unwind Costs/insert other amount/Not 
Applicable] 
(xiv) 
Provisions relating to Monoline 
Insurer as Reference Entity: 
Reference Item Condition 2.13 [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(xv) 
Provisions relating to LPN 
Reference Entities: 
Reference Item Condition 2.15 [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(xvi) 
Additional Interest Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [Overnight Rate: []]  
(xvii) Fixed Recovery Percentage: 
[[] per cent./Not Applicable] 
(xviii) Valuation Date:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[Single Valuation Date:  
 
[[] Business Days]] 
 
[Multiple Valuation Dates: 
 
[[] Business Days and each [] Business Days 
thereafter] 
 
Number of Valuation Dates: []]

--- Page 496 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-273 
 
 
(xix) 
Valuation Time: 
[[] [a.m./p.m.] [] time] / [Reference Item Condition 
2.10 applies] / [Not Applicable] 
(xx) 
Indicative Quotations: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xxi) 
Quotation Method: 
[Bid/Offer/Mid-market] / [Reference Item Condition 
2.10 applies] / [Not Applicable] 
(xxii) Quotation Amount: 
[insert currency and amount] / [Representative 
Amount] / [Reference Item Condition 2 applies] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(xxiii) Minimum Quotation Amount: 
[insert currency and amount] / [Reference Item 
Condition 2.10 applies] / [Not Applicable] 
(xxiv) Quotation Dealers: 
[Specify] / [Not Applicable] 
(xxv) 
Quotations: 
[Include Accrued Interest/Exclude Accrued Interest] 
(xxvi) Valuation Method: 
[Market/Highest] 
 
[Average Market/Highest/Average Highest] [Reference 
Item Condition 2 applies] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
(xxvii) Calculation Agent City: 
[specify] 
(xxviii) Business Day Convention: 
[Following/Modified Following/Preceding] 
(xxix) Successor Backstop Date: 
[Yes/No] 
(xxx) 
Limitation Dates subject to 
adjustment in accordance with 
Business Day Convention: 
[Yes/No] 
(xxxi) Valuation 
Obligation 
Observation Settlement Period: 
[[specify] Business Days] [Not Applicable] / [Reference 
Item Condition 2.10 applies] 
(xxxii) Accrued Interest: 
[Include Accrued Interest] [Exclude Accrued Interest] 
[Not Applicable] 
(xxxiii) Settlement Currency: 
[specify] [Not Applicable] 
(xxxiv) Financial 
Reference 
Entity 
Terms: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xxxv) Sovereign No Asset Package 
Delivery: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xxxvi) Reference 
Obligation 
Only 
Termination Amount: 
[specify] [Not Applicable] (N.B. to be specified for the 
purposes of Reference Item Condition 2.17 for 
Reference Obligation Only Notes relating to a single 
Reference Entity)

--- Page 497 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-274 
 
 
(xxxvii) 2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit 
Event Provisions: 
Reference Item Condition 2.19: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
[Fallback Discounting: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
(xxxviii) 
 Subordinated European 
Insurance Terms: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xxxix) Provisions relating to Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Reference 
Obligations: 
Reference Item Condition 2.20: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE  
23. 
FX Interest Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Interest valuation Provisions for 
FX Interest Conversion:  
 
(A) 
Initial 
valuation 
to 
determine 
Reference 
Item Initiali in respect of 
the Interest FX Rate: 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable and/or an Initial Price is specified for 
the FX Rate above, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph. If applicable, include 
whichever provisions apply and delete the remaining 
alternatives) 
Initial Valuation Date:  
[] 
Initial Averaging Dates: 
As set out in the table below: 
 
t 
Initial Averaging Dates 
 
 
1 
[] 
 
 
… 
[] 
 
 
y 
[] 
 
(B) 
Valuation to determine 
FX(IP) in respect of the 
Interest FX Rate: 
 
Interest FX 
Determination Dates: 
In respect of an Interest Period and the related Interest 
[Period/Payment] Date, [the [] Currency Business

--- Page 498 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-275 
 
 
Day prior to such Interest [Period/Payment] Date/the 
date specified for such Interest [Period/Payment] Date 
in the table below: 
 
t 
Interest [Period/Payment] 
Date 
Interest FX Determination 
Dates 
 
1 
[] 
[] 
 
… 
[] 
[] 
 
y 
[] 
[] 
 
(Specify for each Interest Period)] 
24. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable [in respect of the Interest Period[s] falling 
during the period from ([and including/but excluding]) 
[] to (([and including/but excluding])) []]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[[] per cent. [per annum] (Include only if “Accrual” is 
specified as Applicable below) [payable [annually / 
semi-annually / quarterly / monthly] in arrear]]  
(ii) 
Interest Period Date(s): 
[] in each year (Amend appropriately in the case of 
irregular coupons) 
(iii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[Each Interest Period Date] / [[] in each year (Amend 
appropriately in the case of irregular coupons)] 
[Accumulated Interest: Applicable.  The Interest 
Payment Date is [[]/the Maturity Date]] 
(iv) 
[Accrual: 
Not Applicable 
(A) 
Interest Amount[(s)]: 
The Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of an Interest 
Period shall be [[] per Calculation Amount [(subject 
as provided in the Conditions)]] / [the amount set out 
for such Interest Period in the Table below: 
 
TABLE 
 
Interest Period ending 
on or about: 
Fixed Coupon Amount 
 
[] 
[] 
 
[] 
[]]] 
 
(Specify for each Interest Period) 
 
(Delete if interest will accrue over a period of time)

--- Page 499 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-276 
 
 
(v) 
[Accrual: 
Applicable 
(A) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual ([ICMA]/[ISDA]) / 1]] 
 
(Delete if interest will not accrue and bullet coupons 
will be payable) 
25. 
Variable Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable[. Interest will accrue on the basis specified 
below for the Interest Period[s] specified below] [in 
respect of the Interest Period[s] falling during the period 
from ([and including/but excluding]) [] to (([and 
including/but excluding])) []]/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Type of Variable Rate Notes: 
The Notes are: [[Capped / Floored / Collared / Reverse] 
Floating Rate Notes / Steepener Notes / Snowball Notes 
/ Range Accrual Notes / Binary Rate Notes / Inflation 
Adjusted Interest Notes] 
 
[Accumulated Interest: Applicable.  The Interest 
Payment Date is [[] / the Maturity Date]] 
(ii) 
Specified Period: 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
(Specified Period and Interest Payment Dates are 
alternatives.  A Specified Period, rather than Interest 
Payment Dates, will only be relevant if the Business 
Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention.  Otherwise, 
insert “Not Applicable”) 
(iii) 
Interest Period Date(s): 
[Not Applicable] / [[][, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention 
specified in item 41 below][No Adjustment]] 
 
(Specified Period and Interest Period Dates are 
alternatives.  If the Business Day Convention is the FRN 
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention, insert “Not Applicable”) 
(iv) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[Each Interest Period Date] / [[][, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention 
specified 
in 
item 
41 
below][No 
Adjustment]] 
 
[Accumulated Interest: Applicable. The Interest 
Payment Date is [[]/the Maturity Date] [, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention 
specified 
in 
item 
39 
below/No 
Adjustment]]

--- Page 500 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-277 
 
 
(v) 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[[] [[Business Days/[] days] prior to] [the [relevant] 
Interest [Payment/Period] Date [falling at the end of 
each Interest Period]/the first day of each Interest 
Period]/the second TARGET Settlement Day prior to 
the start of each Interest Period] / [As defined in 
Reference Item Condition 3.3 (Definitions)] / [As 
defined in Interest Payout Condition 2.2(viii) (Range 
Accrual Notes)] / [As defined in Interest Payout 
Condition 2.3 (Definitions applicable to Variable Rate 
Notes)]  
(vi) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Underlying Rate for 
the [long/short] [first/last/[]] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period)] 
(vii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365 / Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360] 
 
[30E/360 / Eurobond basis] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
[1] 
 
(See Interest Payout Condition 7 (General Definitions 
relating to Interest) for alternatives) 
26. 
Provisions 
for 
specific 
types 
of 
Variable Rate Notes 
[Applicable[. Interest will accrue on the basis specified 
below for the Interest Period[s] specified below]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable [in respect of the Interest Period[s] falling 
during the period from ([and including/but excluding]) 
[] to (([and including/but excluding])) []]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(N.B. Only an Underlying Rate or an Inflation Index 
may be specified as the Reference Item for Floating 
Rate Notes) 
(A) 
Leverage: 
[[] per cent.] / [Not Applicable] / [In respect of an 
Interest Period, the percentage specified for such 
Interest Period in the Table below] 
(B) 
Margin: 
[[] per cent.] / [Not Applicable] / [In respect of an 
Interest Period, the percentage specified for such 
Interest Period in the Table below]

--- Page 501 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-278 
 
 
 
[TABLE 
 
Interest Period ending 
on or about: 
[Leverage  
[Mar
gin 
 
[]  
[]%  
[]% 
 
[]  
[]%]  
[]%
]  
 
(Specify for each Interest Period)] 
(ii) 
Capped Floating Rate Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable [in respect of the Interest Period[s] falling 
during the period from ([and including/but excluding]) 
[] to (([and including/but excluding])) []]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(N.B. Only an Underlying Rate or an Inflation Index 
may be specified as the Reference Item for Capped 
Floating Rate Notes) 
(A) 
Cap: 
[[] per cent.] / [In respect of an Interest Period, the 
percentage specified for such Interest Period in the 
Table below] 
(B) 
Leverage: 
[[] per cent.] / [Not Applicable] / [In respect of an 
Interest Period, the percentage specified for such 
Interest Period in the Table below] 
(C) 
Margin: 
[[] per cent.] / [Not Applicable] / [In respect of an 
Interest Period, the percentage specified for such 
Interest Period in the Table below] 
 
[TABLE 
 
Interest 
Period ending 
on or about: 
[Cap  
[Leverage 
[Margin 
 
[]  
[]%  
[]% 
[]% 
 
[]  
[]%]  
[]%]  
[]% 
 
(Specify for each Interest Period)] 
(iii) 
Floored Floating Rate Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable [in respect of the Interest Period[s] falling 
during the period from ([and including/but excluding]) 
[] to (([and including/but excluding])) []]/Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 502 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-279 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(N.B. Only an Underlying Rate or an Inflation Index 
may be specified as the Reference Item for Floored 
Floating Rate Notes) 
(A) 
Floor: 
[[] per cent.] / [In respect of an Interest Period, the 
percentage specified for such Interest Period in the 
Table below] 
(B) 
Leverage: 
[[] per cent.] / [Not Applicable] / [In respect of an 
Interest Period, the percentage specified for such 
Interest Period in the Table below] 
(C) 
Margin: 
[[] per cent.] / [Not Applicable] / [In respect of an 
Interest Period, the percentage specified for such 
Interest Period in the Table below] 
 
[TABLE 
 
Interest 
Period ending 
on or about: 
[Floor  
[Leverage 
[Margin 
 
[]  
[]%  
[]% 
[]% 
 
[]  
[]%]  
[]%]  
[]%]  
 
(Specify for each Interest Period)] 
(iv) 
Collared Floating Rate Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable [in respect of the Interest Period[s] falling 
during the period from ([and including/but excluding]) 
[] to (([and including/but excluding])) []]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(N.B. Only an Underlying Rate or an Inflation Index 
may be specified as the Reference Item for Collared 
Floating Rate Notes) 
(A) 
Cap: 
[[] per cent.] / [In respect of an Interest Period, the 
percentage specified for such Interest Period in the 
Table below] 
(B) 
Floor: 
[[] per cent.] / [In respect of an Interest Period, the 
percentage specified for such Interest Period in the 
Table below] 
(C) 
Leverage: 
[[] per cent.] / [Not Applicable] / [In respect of an 
Interest Period, the percentage specified for such 
Interest Period in the Table below]

--- Page 503 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-280 
 
 
(D) 
Margin: 
[[] per cent.] / [Not Applicable] / [In respect of an 
Interest Period, the percentage specified for such 
Interest Period in the Table below] 
 
[TABLE 
 
Interest 
Period ending 
on or about: 
[Cap   
[Floor 
[Leverage  
[Mar
gin 
 
[]  
[]%  
[]% 
[]% 
[]% 
 
[]  
[]%]  
[]%]  
[]%]  
[]%
]  
 
(Specify for each Interest Period)] 
(v) 
Reverse Floating Rate Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable [in respect of the Interest Period[s] falling 
during the period from ([and including/but excluding]) 
[] to (([and including/but excluding])) []]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(N.B. Only an Underlying Rate or an Inflation Index 
may be specified as the Reference Item for Reverse 
Floating Rate Notes) 
(A) 
Cap: 
[[] per cent.] / [Not Applicable] / [In respect of an 
Interest Period, the percentage specified for such 
Interest Period in the Table below] 
(B) 
Floor: 
[[] per cent.] / [Not Applicable] / [In respect of an 
Interest Period, the percentage specified for such 
Interest Period in the Table below] 
(C) 
Leverage: 
[[] per cent.] / [Not Applicable] / [In respect of an 
Interest Period, the percentage specified for such 
Interest Period in the Table below] 
(D) 
Specified Rate: 
[[] per cent.] / [In respect of an Interest Period, the 
percentage specified for such Interest Period in the 
Table below] 
 
[TABLE 
 
Interest 
Period 
ending on 
or about: 
[Cap   
[Floor 
[Leverage  
[Specified 
Rate 
 
[]  
[]%  
[]% 
[]% 
[]%

--- Page 504 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-281 
 
 
 
[]  
[]%]  
[]%]  
[]%]  
[]%]  
 
(Specify for each Interest Period)] 
(vi) 
Steepener Note Provisions:  
[Applicable [in respect of the Interest Period[s] falling 
during the period from ([and including/but excluding]) 
[] to (([and including/but excluding])) []]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(N.B. Only an Underlying Rate or an Inflation Index 
may be specified as the Reference Item for Steepener 
Notes) 
(A) 
Cap: 
[[] per cent.] / [Not Applicable] / [In respect of an 
Interest Period, the percentage specified for such 
Interest Period in the Table below] 
(B) 
Floor: 
[[] per cent.] / [Not Applicable] / [In respect of an 
Interest Period, the percentage specified for such 
Interest Period in the Table below] 
(C) 
Leverage: 
[[] per cent.] / [Not Applicable] / [In respect of an 
Interest Period, the percentage specified for such 
Interest Period in the Table below] 
(D) 
Strike Rate: 
[[] per cent.] / [In respect of an Interest Period, the 
percentage specified for such Interest Period in the 
Table below] 
 
[TABLE 
 
Interest 
Period 
ending on 
or about: 
[Strike Rate  
[Leverage 
[Cap  
[Floor 
 
[]  
[]%  
[]% 
[]% 
[]% 
 
[]  
[]%]  
[]%]  
[]%]  
[]%]  
 
(Specify for each Interest Period)] 
(vii) 
Snowball Note Provisions: 
[Applicable [in respect of the Interest Period[s] falling 
during the period from ([and including/but excluding]) 
[] to (([and including/but excluding])) []]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this paragraph)

--- Page 505 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-282 
 
 
 
(N.B. Only an Underlying Rate or an Inflation Index 
may be specified as the Reference Item for Snowball 
Notes) 
(A) 
Cap: 
[[] per cent.] / [Not Applicable] / [In respect of an 
Interest Period, the percentage specified for such 
Interest Period in the Table below] 
(B) 
Floor: 
[[] per cent.] / [Not Applicable] / [In respect of an 
Interest Period, the percentage specified for such 
Interest Period in the Table below] 
(C) 
Leverage: 
[[] per cent.] / [Not Applicable] / [In respect of an 
Interest Period, the percentage specified for such 
Interest Period in the Table below] 
(D) 
Snowball Amountt: 
[[] per cent.] / [In respect of an Interest Period, the 
percentage specified for such Interest Period in the 
Table below] 
(E) 
Rate of Interestt=0: 
[[] per cent. [per annum]] / [Zero] 
 
[TABLE 
 
Interest 
Period 
ending on 
or about: 
[Snowball 
Amountt 
[Cap 
[Floor 
[Leverage 
 
[]  
[]%  
[]% 
[]% 
[]% 
 
[]  
[]%]  
[]%]  
[]%]  
[]%]  
 
(Specify for each Interest Period)] 
(viii) 
Range Accrual Note Provisions: 
[Applicable [in respect of the Interest Period[s] falling 
during the period from ([and including/but excluding]) 
[] to (([and including/but excluding])) []]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(N.B. The Reference Item for Range Accrual Notes may 
be an Underlying Rate, an Inflation Index, an Index, an 
Underlying Equity, a Fund Interest, an FX Rate or a 
Commodity) 
(A) 
Specified Rate 1: 
[[] per cent. per annum] / [In respect of an Interest 
Period, the rate specified for such Interest Period in the 
Table below]

--- Page 506 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-283 
 
 
(B) 
Specified Rate 2: 
[[] per cent. per annum] / [Zero] / [In respect of an 
Interest Period, the rate specified for such Interest 
Period in the Table below] 
(C) 
Upper Barrier(s): 
[[] per cent.] / [In respect of an Interest Period, the 
percentage specified for such Interest Period in the 
Table below] 
(D) 
Lower Barrier(s): 
[[] per cent.] / [In respect of an Interest Period, the 
percentage specified for such Interest Period in the 
Table below] 
 
[TABLE 
 
Interest 
Period 
ending on 
or about: 
[Specified 
Rate 1 
[Specified 
Rate 2 
[Lower 
Barrier 
[Uppe
r 
Barri
er 
 
[]  
[]%  
[]% 
[]% 
[]% 
 
[]  
[]%]  
[]%]  
[]%]  
[]%]  
 
(Specify for each Interest Period)] 
(E) 
Interest 
Observation 
Date: 
Each [calendar day/Business Day/[]] during the 
Interest Accrual Period 
(F) 
Range Accrual Cut-off 
Date: 
[Not Applicable] / [In respect of an Interest Period, [] 
Business Days immediately preceding the Interest 
Period Date falling at the end of such Interest Period] / 
[] 
(ix) 
Binary Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable [in respect of the Interest Period[s] falling 
during the period from ([and including/but excluding]) 
[] to (([and including/but excluding])) []]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(N.B. Only an Underlying Rate or an Inflation Index 
may be specified as the Reference Item for Binary Rate 
Notes) 
(A) 
Specified Rate 1: 
[[] per cent. per annum] / [In respect of an Interest 
Period, the rate specified for such Interest Period in the 
Table below] 
(B) 
Specified Rate 2: 
[[] per cent. per annum] / [In respect of an Interest 
Period, the rate specified for such Interest Period in the 
Table below]

--- Page 507 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-284 
 
 
(C) 
Lower Barrier: 
[[] per cent.] / [In respect of an Interest Period, the 
percentage specified for such Interest Period in the 
Table below] 
(D) 
Upper Barrier: 
[[] per cent.] / [In respect of an Interest Period, the 
percentage specified for such Interest Period in the 
Table below] 
 
[TABLE 
 
Interest 
Period 
ending on 
or about: 
[Binary 
Rate 1 
[Binary 
Rate 2 
[Lower 
Barrier 
[Upper 
Barrier 
 
[]  
[]%  
[]% 
[]% 
[]% 
 
[]  
[]%]  
[]%]  
[]%]  
[]%]  
 
(Specify for each Interest Period)] 
(x) 
Inflation Adjusted Interest Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable [in respect of the Interest Period[s] falling 
during the period from [(and including/but excluding)] 
[] to [(and including/but excluding)] []]] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(N.B. Only an Inflation Index may be specified as the 
Reference Item for Inflation Adjusted Interest Notes) 
(A) 
Specified Rate: 
[[] per cent. per annum/In respect of an Interest 
Period, the percentage specified for such Interest 
Period in the Table below] 
 
[TABLE 
 
Interest Period ending on or about: 
Specified Rate 
 
[] 
[] 
 
[] 
[] 
 
(Specify for each Interest Period)] 
27. 
Reference 
Item-Linked 
Interest 
Provisions 
[Applicable [in respect of the Interest Period[s] falling 
during the period from ([and including/but excluding]) 
[] to (([and including/but excluding])) []].  The 
Notes are [Inflation / Index / Equity / Fund / Currency / 
Commodity]-Linked Interest Notes] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this paragraph)

--- Page 508 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-285 
 
 
(N.B. The Reference Item(s) for the Reference Item-
Linked Interest Provisions may be one or more Indices, 
Underlying Equities or FX Rates) 
(i) 
Interest Amount: 
The Reference Item-Linked Interest Amount is: 
 
[Autocall Interest Amount] 
 
[Autocall Multi Barrier Interest Amount] 
(ii) 
Autocall 
Interest 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable: Interest Payout Condition 3.3 (Autocall 
Interest Amount) applies/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
Relevant 
Interest 
Amount: 
[Bullet/Memory/Cumulative/Bonus] 
Interest: 
Applicable 
 
[Autocall Strike: 
[[]/In respect of an Interest 
Determination 
Date, 
the 
percentage specified for such 
Interest Determination Date in 
the Table below] 
 
Nth Performance: 
[Applicable, where: N = [][st/nd/th][highest/lowest] 
/Not Applicable] 
 
Specified Rate: 
[[]%] / [In respect of an Interest Determination Date, 
the percentage specified for such Interest Determination 
Date in the Table below] 
 
Interest Barrier: 
[[]%] / [in respect of an Interest Determination Date, 
the percentage specified for such Interest Determination 
Date in the Table below] 
 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[[] in each year (Amend appropriately in the case of 
irregular coupons)/The Interest Payment Date[s] shall 
be as specified in item 27(iv) below] 
 
[TABLE 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Dates 
[Autocall 
Strike 
[Specified 
Rate 
[Interest 
Barrier 
 
[]  
[] 
[]% 
[] 
 
[]  
[]]  
[]%]  
[]] 
 
(Specify for each Interest Period) 
(iii) 
Autocall Multi Barrier Interest 
Note Provisions: 
[Applicable: Interest Payout Condition 3.4 (Autocall 
Multi Barrier Interest Amount) applies/Not Applicable]

--- Page 509 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-286 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
Barrier Interval (m): 
In respect of an Interest Determination Date, each 
interval from (and including) the Starting Barrier 
Interval Point to (but excluding) the Ending Barrier 
Interval Point specified for such Interest Determination 
Date in the Table below 
 
Relevant 
Interest 
Amount: 
In respect of an Interest Determination Date and a 
Barrier Interval as specified in the Table below 
 
[Autocall Strike: 
[[]%/In respect of an Interest 
Determination Date and a 
Barrier 
Interval, 
the 
percentage specified for such 
Interest Determination Date 
and Barrier Interval in the 
Table below]] 
 
[PRm: 
[[]%/In respect of an Interest 
Determination 
Date 
and 
Barrier 
Interval, 
the 
percentage specified for such 
Interest Determination Date 
and Barrier Interval in the 
Table below]] 
 
Nth Performance: 
[Applicable, where: N = [][st/nd/th][highest/lowest] 
/Not Applicable] 
 
Specified Ratem: 
[[]%/In respect of an Interest Determination Date and 
Barrier Interval, the percentage specified for such 
Interest Determination Date and Barrier Interval in the 
Table below] 
 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[[] in each year (Amend appropriately in the case of 
irregular coupons)/The Interest Payment Date[s] shall 
be as specified in item 27(iv) below] 
 
TABLE 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date 
Barrier 
Interval 
Number(m) 
Starting 
Barrier 
Interval Point 
Ending 
Barrier 
Interval Point 
[Autocall 
Strikem 
[Specified 
Ratem 
[PRm 
Relevant 
Interest 
Amount 
 
[] 
[] 
[]% 
[]% 
[] 
[]% 
[]% 
[Bullet/ Memory/ 
Cumulative/  
Bonus] Interest

--- Page 510 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-287 
 
 
 
[] 
[]% 
[[]%/ Not 
Applicable] 
[]] 
[]%] 
[]%] 
[Bullet/ Memory/ 
Cumulative/  
Bonus] Interest 
 
(Specify for each Interest Period) 
(iv) 
Interest valuation provisions for 
Autocall Interest Amount: 
 
(A) 
Initial 
valuation 
to 
determine 
Reference 
Item Initiali: 
[Applicable [- see item [33(iv)/37(i)] below]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable and/or an Initial Price is specified for 
each Reference Item above and/or the initial valuation 
provisions are set out elsewhere below, delete the 
remaining sub–paragraphs of this paragraph.  If 
applicable, include whichever provisions apply and 
delete the remaining alternatives) 
Initial Valuation Date: 
[] 
Initial Averaging Dates: 
As set out in the table below: 
 
t 
Initial Averaging Dates 
 
 
1 
[] 
 
 
… 
[] 
 
 
y 
[] 
 
Initial Valuation Period: 
The Initial Valuation Period is the period from ([but 
excluding/and including]) [] to ([and including/but 
excluding]) [] 
Valuation Period Dates 
for the Initial Valuation 
Period: 
[Each [][, [] and []] [falling during the Initial 
Valuation Period]] [The definition set out in the 
Reference Item Conditions applies] 
 
Look-Back: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[[Highest/Lowest] applies for the purposes of the 
definition of Reference Item Initiali] 
Adjustment provisions: 
In the event of a [Disrupted Day/Market Disruption 
Event]: 
 
[Omission / Postponement / Modified Postponement] 
applies 
 
(N.B. Adjustment not relevant where the Reference 
Item(s) are one or more Inflation Indices or FX Rates)

--- Page 511 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-288 
 
 
(B) 
Interest 
valuation 
to 
determine 
Reference 
Pricet, i: 
Applicable 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
 [The Interest Determination Date[s] (t) are as set out in 
the table below: 
 
[TABLE 
 
t 
Interest 
Determination 
Dates 
Interest Payment Dates 
 
1 
[] 
[] 
 
… 
[] 
[] 
 
y 
[] 
[[]/Maturity Date] 
 
(Specify for each Interest Period) 
Adjustment provisions: 
In the event of a [Disrupted Day/Market Disruption 
Event]: 
 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement]] 
 
(N.B. Adjustment not relevant where the Reference 
Item(s) are one or more FX Rates)  
28. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable /Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this paragraph)  
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[] 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] [Actual/360] [Actual/Actual] 
29. 
Credit-Linked Interest Provisions 
[Applicable /Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Accrual of Interest upon Credit 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(Specify “Applicable” only where the Credit Event 
Observation Dates are specified to be each Interest 
Payment Date or each Interest Period Date below)

--- Page 512 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-289 
 
 
 
(Specify “Not Applicable” where the Notes are Range 
Accrual Notes or where the Notes are Fixed Amount 
Notes)  
(ii) 
Portfolio 
Linked 
Interest 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable in relation to interest bearing 
Portfolio Credit-Linked Notes) 
(iii) 
Credit Event Observation Dates: 
[[] [Business Days] prior to the relevant Interest 
[Payment/Period] 
Date] 
/ 
[Each 
Interest 
[Payment/Period] Date] 
 
(Specify Interest Payment Dates where “Accrual” is 
specified as Not Applicable and specify Interest Period 
Dates where the Notes are not Fixed Amount Notes)  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
30. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Call):  
[] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
(Call): 
[] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
Redeemable in part: 
[The Notes may be redeemed in part/Not Applicable] 
(A) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[] 
(B) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount:  
[] 
(iv) 
Notice period:  
Minimum Period: [] [5] days 
 
Maximum Period: [Not Applicable/[] [30] days] 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Fiscal Agent) 
31. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 513 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-290 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this paragraph)  
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Put):  
[] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
(Put): 
[] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
Notice period:  
Minimum Period: [] days  
 
Maximum Period: [Not Applicable/[] days] 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days’ notice) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the Fiscal 
Agent) 
32. 
Early Redemption 
 
(i) 
Early 
redemption 
for 
tax 
reasons: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. If general Condition 8.1 (Gross-up) is specified 
as Applicable in item 12 above, specify “Applicable” 
here.  If General Condition 8.3 (No gross-up) is 
specified as Applicable in item 12 above specify “Not 
Applicable” here) 
(ii) 
Notice Period relating to early 
redemption for tax reasons: 
Minimum Period: [] days  
 
Maximum Period: [Not Applicable/[] days] 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days’ notice) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the Fiscal 
Agent) 
(iii) 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
payable (a) on redemption for 
taxation reasons or (b) on 
redemption 
for 
an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event 
or (c) on an illegality or (d) on an 
[As set out in the General Conditions/[] per 
Calculation Amount]

--- Page 514 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-291 
 
 
Event of Default or (e) in the 
case of Reference Item-Linked 
Notes, 
following 
an 
early 
redemption pursuant to the 
provisions 
of 
the 
relevant 
Reference Item Schedule: 
(iv) 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
includes amount in respect of 
interest: 
[Yes: no additional amount in respect of interest to be 
paid/No: together with the Early Redemption Amount, 
accrued interest shall also be paid/Not Applicable] 
 
(Specify “Yes” where the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes 
and “Accrual” is specified above as Not Applicable 
and/or where FX Interest Conversion and/or FX 
Principal Conversion are specified as Applicable)  
33. 
Autocall Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount: 
The Early Redemption Amount for the purposes of 
Redemption Payout Condition 1.2 (Early redemption) 
is the: 
 
[Autocall Early Redemption Amount] 
(ii) 
Autocall: 
Applicable: Redemption Payout Condition 1.4 (Early 
Redemption (Autocall)) applies 
 
Autocall Barrier: 
[[]%/As specified in item 33(iv)(B) below]  
(iii) 
Provisions 
relating 
to 
Nth 
Performance: 
[Not Applicable] [Nth Performance is Applicable and 
N = [][st/nd/rd/th] highest]  
(iv) 
Autocall valuation provisions 
for early redemption: 
[Applicable [- see item [27(iv)/37(i)] above/below]/Not 
Applicable] 
(A) 
Initial 
valuation 
to 
determine 
Reference 
Item Initiali: 
(If not applicable and/or an Initial Price is specified for 
each Reference Item above and/or the initial valuation 
provisions are set out elsewhere below, delete the 
remaining sub–paragraphs of this paragraph.  If 
applicable, include whichever provisions apply and 
delete the remaining alternatives) 
Initial Valuation Date: 
[] 
Initial Averaging Dates: 
As set out in the table below: 
 
t 
Initial Averaging Dates 
 
 
1 
[] 
 
 
… 
[] 
 
 
y 
[]

--- Page 515 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-292 
 
 
Initial Valuation Period: 
The Initial Valuation Period is the period from ([but 
excluding/and including]) [] to ([and including/but 
excluding]) [] 
Valuation Period Dates 
for the Initial Valuation 
Period: 
[Each [][, [] and []] [falling during the Initial 
Valuation Period]] [The definition set out in the 
Reference Item Conditions applies] 
 
Look-Back: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[[Highest/Lowest] applies for the purposes of the 
definition of Reference Item Initiali] 
Adjustment provisions: 
In the event of a [Disrupted Day/Market Disruption 
Event]: 
 
[Omission / Postponement / Modified Postponement] 
applies 
 
(N.B. Adjustment not relevant where the Reference 
Item(s) are one or more Inflation Indices or FX Rates) 
(B) 
Autocall valuation to 
determine 
Reference 
Pricet, i: 
Applicable 
Autocall 
Valuation 
Dates: 
The Autocall Valuation Date[s] (t) are as set out in the 
table below: 
 
t 
Autocall Valuation 
Dates 
Early Redemption 
Dates 
[Autocall 
Barrier 
 
1 
[] 
[] 
[] 
 
… 
[] 
[] 
[] 
 
y 
[] 
[] 
[]] 
Adjustment provisions: 
In the event of a [Disrupted Day/Market Disruption 
Event]:  
 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] 
 
(N.B. Adjustment not relevant where the Reference 
Item(s) are one or more FX Rates) 
(v) 
Early Redemption Date: 
For the purposes of Redemption Payout Condition 1.2 
(Early redemption), the Early Redemption Date[s] shall 
be as specified for the relevant Autocall Valuation Date 
(t) in item 33(iv) above 
34. 
Final Redemption Amount 
[[Subject as provided in Redemption Payout Condition 
2 (Redemption in respect of Credit-Linked Notes),] [] 
per Calculation Amount]

--- Page 516 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-293 
 
 
 
[[Subject as provided in Redemption Payout Condition 
2 (Redemption in respect of Credit-Linked Notes), 
the/The] Final Redemption Amount shall be the 
Reference Item-Linked Redemption Amount as 
specified in item 36 below] 
35. 
FX Principal Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Initial valuation to determine 
Reference Item Initiali in respect 
of the Principal FX Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable and an Initial Price is specified for 
the FX Rate above, delete the remaining sub–
paragraphs of this paragraph.  If applicable, include 
whichever provisions apply and delete the remaining 
alternatives) 
Initial Valuation Date: 
[] 
Initial Averaging Dates: 
As set out in the table below: 
 
t 
Initial Averaging Dates 
 
 
1 
[] 
 
 
… 
[] 
 
 
y 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Final Valuation to determine 
Reference Item Finali in respect 
of the Principal FX Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph.  If applicable, include whichever 
provisions apply and delete the remaining alternatives) 
Final Valuation Date: 
[] 
Final Averaging Dates: 
As set out in the table below: 
 
t 
Final Averaging Dates 
 
 
1 
[] 
 
 
… 
[] 
 
 
y 
[]

--- Page 517 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-294 
 
 
36. 
Reference Item-Linked Redemption 
Provisions 
[Applicable.  The Notes are [Inflation-Linked 
Redemption 
Notes/Index-Linked 
Redemption 
Notes/Equity-Linked Redemption Notes/Fund-Linked 
Redemption 
Notes/Currency-Linked 
Redemption 
Notes/Commodity-Linked 
Redemption 
Notes]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Final Redemption Amount: 
The Final Redemption Amount for the purposes of 
General Condition 6.1 (Scheduled redemption) is the 
Reference Item-Linked Redemption Amount, being 
the: 
 
[Inflation Adjusted Redemption Amount] 
 
[Call Redemption Amount] 
 
[Put Redemption Amount] 
 
[Call Spread Redemption Amount] 
 
[Put Spread Redemption Amount] 
 
[Individually Capped Call Redemption Amount] 
 
[Fixed Best Call Redemption Amount] 
 
[Rainbow Call Redemption Amount] 
 
[Quadratic Call Redemption Amount] 
 
[Quadratic Put Redemption Amount] 
 
[Outperformance Redemption Amount] 
 
[Replacement Cliquet Redemption Amount] 
 
[Lock-in Cliquet Redemption Amount] 
 
[Super Asian Redemption Amount] 
 
[Knock-in Call Redemption Amount] 
 
[Knock-out Call Redemption Amount] 
 
[Digital Knock-in Call Redemption Amount] 
 
[Digital Call Redemption Amount] 
 
[Knock-in Put Redemption Amount] 
 
[Knock-out Put Redemption Amount] 
 
[Digital Put Redemption Amount] 
 
[TOM Strategy Redemption Amount] 
 
[Non-Protected Put Redemption Amount (Reverse 
Convertible)] 
 
[Non-Protected Knock-in Put Redemption Amount 
(Reverse Convertible)] 
 
[Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Redemption 
Amount] 
 
[Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Spread 
Redemption Amount] 
 
[Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Redemption 
Amount (Booster)] 
 
[General Redemption Amount] 
 
[Barrier Bond Redemption Amount] 
(ii) 
Provisions relating to Relevant 
Principal Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)

--- Page 518 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-295 
 
 
(A) 
Redemption Factor: 
[100%/[]%] 
(B) 
FX 
Principal 
Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Provisions 
relating 
to 
Nth 
Performance: 
[Not Applicable] [Nth Performance is Applicable and 
N 
= 
[][st/nd/rd/th] 
highest] 
[See 
item 
36[(xiv)/(xxx)(xxxi)] below] 
[Include whichever of the following applies and delete the remaining alternatives:] 
(iv) 
Inflation Adjusted Redemption 
Amount: 
Applicable: Redemption Payout Condition 3 (Inflation 
Adjusted Redemption Amount) applies 
(A) 
Participation Rate (PR): 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(B) 
Performance Floor: 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(C) 
FX Option Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Call Redemption Amount: 
Applicable: Redemption Payout Condition 4 (Call 
Redemption Amount) applies 
(A) 
Strike: 
[100%/[]%] 
(B) 
Participation Rate (PR): 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(C) 
Performance Floor: 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(D) 
FX Option Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Put Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable: Redemption Payout Condition 5 (Put 
Redemption Amount) applies 
(A) 
Strike: 
[100%/[]%] 
(B) 
Participation Rate (PR): 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(C) 
Performance Floor: 
[[]% /Not Applicable] 
(D) 
FX Option Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(vii) 
Call 
Spread 
Redemption 
Amount: 
Applicable: Redemption Payout Condition 6 (Call 
Spread Redemption Amount) applies 
(A) 
Strike: 
[100%/[]%] 
(B) 
Participation Rate (PR): 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(C) 
Performance Floor: 
[[]% /Not Applicable] 
(D) 
FX Option Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(E) 
Performance Cap: 
[]%

--- Page 519 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-296 
 
 
(viii) 
Put 
Spread 
Redemption 
Amount: 
Applicable: Redemption Payout Condition 7 (Put 
Spread Redemption Amount) applies 
(A) 
Strike: 
[100%/[]%] 
(B) 
Participation Rate (PR): 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(C) 
Performance Floor: 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(D) 
FX Option Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(E) 
Performance Cap: 
[]% 
(ix) 
Individually 
Capped 
Call 
Redemption Amount: 
Applicable: 
Redemption 
Payout 
Condition 
8 
(Individually Capped Call Redemption) applies 
(A) 
Strike: 
[100%/[]%] 
(B) 
Participation Rate (PR): 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(C) 
Performance Floor: 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(D) 
FX Option Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(E) 
Performance Cap: 
[]% 
(x) 
Fixed Best Call Redemption 
Amount: 
Applicable: Redemption Payout Condition 9 (Fixed 
Best Call Redemption Amount) applies 
(A) 
Strike: 
[100%/[]%] 
(B) 
Participation Rate (PR): 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(C) 
Performance Floor: 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(D) 
FX Option Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(E) 
Fixed Performance: 
[]% 
(F) 
Relevant Number: 
[] 
(xi) 
Rainbow 
Call 
Redemption 
Amount: 
Applicable: 
Redemption 
Payout 
Condition 
10 
(Rainbow Call Redemption Amount) applies 
(A) 
Strike: 
[100%/[]%] 
(B) 
Participation Rate (PR): 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(C) 
Performance Floor: 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(D) 
FX Option Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(E) 
Wi: 
Ranking of Call Performancei 
Wi

--- Page 520 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-297 
 
 
 
Best Performing Reference Item 
[]% 
 
[]-Best Performing Reference Item 
[]% 
 
… 
… 
 
Worst Performing Reference Item 
[]% 
(xii) 
Quadratic 
Call 
Redemption 
Amount: 
Applicable: 
Redemption 
Payout 
Condition 
11 
(Quadratic Call Redemption Amount) applies 
(A) 
Strike: 
[100%/[]%] 
(B) 
Participation Rate (PR): 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(C) 
Performance Floor: 
[[]% /Not Applicable] 
(D) 
FX Option Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xiii) 
Quadratic 
Put 
Redemption 
Amount: 
Applicable: 
Redemption 
Payout 
Condition 
12 
(Quadratic Put Redemption Amount) applies 
(A) 
Strike: 
[100%/[]%] 
(B) 
Participation Rate (PR): 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(C) 
Performance Floor: 
[[]% /Not Applicable] 
(D) 
FX Option Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xiv) 
Outperformance 
Redemption 
Amount: 
Applicable: 
Redemption 
Payout 
Condition 
13 
(Outperformance Redemption Amount) applies 
(A) 
Outperformance 
Element 1: 
[specify Reference Item(s) comprising Outperformance 
Element 1] 
 
[Nth 
Performance 
is 
Applicable 
and 
N 
= 
[][st/nd/rd/th] highest] 
(B) 
Outperformance 
Element 2: 
[specify Reference Item(s) comprising Outperformance 
Element 2] 
 
[Nth 
Performance 
is 
Applicable 
and 
N 
= 
[][st/nd/rd/th] highest] 
(C) 
Participation Rate (PR): 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(D) 
Performance Floor: 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(E) 
FX Option Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xv) 
Replacement 
Cliquet 
Redemption Amount: 
Applicable: 
Redemption 
Payout 
Condition 
14 
(Replacement Cliquet Redemption Amount) applies

--- Page 521 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-298 
 
 
(A) 
Strike: 
[100%/[]%] 
(B) 
Participation Rate (PR): 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(C) 
Performance Floor: 
[[]% /Not Applicable] 
(D) 
FX Option Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(E) 
PP Floor: 
[]% 
(F) 
Relevant Number: 
[] 
(G) 
Replacement 
Periodic 
Performance: 
[]% 
(xvi) 
Lock-in Cliquet Redemption 
Amount: 
Applicable: Redemption Payout Condition 15 (Lock-in 
Cliquet Redemption Amount) applies 
(A) 
Strike: 
[100%/[]%] 
(B) 
Participation Rate (PR): 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(C) 
Performance Floor: 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(D) 
FX Option Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(E) 
PP Cap: 
[]% 
(F) 
PP Floor: 
[]% 
(G) 
Lock-in Level(s): 
[][,[]% and []%] 
(xvii) Super 
Asian 
Redemption 
Amount: 
Applicable: Redemption Payout Condition 16 (Super 
Asian Redemption Amount) applies 
(A) 
Strike: 
[100%/[]%] 
(B) 
Participation Rate (PR): 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(C) 
Performance Floor: 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(D) 
FX Option Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xviii) Knock-in 
Call 
Redemption 
Amount: 
Applicable: Redemption Payout Condition 17 (Knock-
in Call Redemption Amount) applies 
(A) 
Strike: 
[100%/[]%] 
(B) 
Participation Rate (PR): 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(C) 
Performance Floor: 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(D) 
FX Option Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 522 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-299 
 
 
(E) 
Barrier Level: 
[]% 
(F) 
Barrier Event: 
[American/Bermudan/European] Barrier Event 
(xix) 
Knock-out 
Call 
Redemption 
Amount: 
Applicable: Redemption Payout Condition 18 (Knock-
out Call Redemption Amount) applies 
(A) 
Strike: 
[100%/[]%] 
(B) 
Participation Rate (PR): 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(C) 
Performance Floor: 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(D) 
FX Option Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(E) 
Barrier Level: 
[]% 
(F) 
Barrier Event: 
[American/Bermudan/European] Barrier Event 
(xx) 
Digital 
Knock-in 
Call 
Redemption Amount: 
Applicable: Redemption Payout Condition 19 (Digital 
Knock-in Call Redemption Amount) applies 
(A) 
FX Option Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(B) 
Barrier Level: 
[]% 
(C) 
Fixed Performance: 
[]% 
(D) 
Barrier Event: 
[American/Bermudan/European] Barrier Event 
(xxi) 
Digital 
Call 
Redemption 
Amount: 
Applicable: Redemption Payout Condition 20 (Digital 
Call Redemption Amount) applies 
(A) 
Strike: 
[100%/[]%] 
(B) 
FX Option Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(C) 
Barrier: 
[[]%/Each percentage specified under the heading 
“Barrier” in the table below] 
 
[Barrier 
Fixed Performance 
 
[]% 
[]% 
 
… 
… 
 
[]% 
[]%] 
(D) 
Fixed Performance: 
[[]%/In respect of a Barrier, the percentage specified 
for such Barrier in the table above] 
(E) 
Barrier Event: 
[American/Bermudan/European] Barrier Event

--- Page 523 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-300 
 
 
(xxii) Knock-in 
Put 
Redemption 
Amount: 
Applicable: Redemption Payout Condition 21 (Knock-
in Put Redemption Amount) applies 
(A) 
Strike: 
[100%/[]%] 
(B) 
Participation Rate (PR): 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(C) 
Performance Floor: 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(D) 
FX Option Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(E) 
Barrier: 
[]% 
(F) 
Barrier Event: 
[American/Bermudan/European] Barrier Event 
(xxiii) Knock-out 
Put 
Redemption 
Amount: 
Applicable: Redemption Payout Condition 22 (Knock-
out Put Redemption Amount) applies 
(A) 
Strike: 
[100%/[]%] 
(B) 
Participation Rate (PR): 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(C) 
Performance Floor: 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(D) 
FX Option Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(E) 
Barrier: 
[]% 
(F) 
Barrier Event: 
[American/Bermudan/European] Barrier Event 
(xxiv) Digital 
Put 
Redemption 
Amount: 
Applicable: Redemption Payout Condition 23 (Digital 
Put Redemption Amount) applies 
(A) 
Strike: 
[100%/[]%] 
(B) 
FX Option Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(C) 
Barrier: 
[[]%/Each percentage specified under the heading 
“Barrier” in the table below] 
 
[Barrier 
Fixed Performance 
 
[]% 
[]% 
 
… 
… 
 
[]% 
[]%] 
(D) 
Fixed Performance: 
[[]%/In respect of a Barrier, the percentage specified 
for such Barrier in the table above] 
(E) 
Barrier Event: 
[American/Bermudan/European] Barrier Event

--- Page 524 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-301 
 
 
(xxv) 
TOM 
Strategy 
Redemption 
Amount: 
Applicable: Redemption Payout Condition 24 (TOM 
Strategy Redemption Amount) applies 
(A) 
Participation Rate (PR): 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(B) 
Performance Floor: 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(C) 
FX Option Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(D) 
TOM Reference Period: 
The period from ([and including/but excluding]) [] to 
([and including/but excluding]) [] 
(E) 
TOM Period: 
Each period as follows: 
 
t 
Mid Date 
Initial Valuation 
Date 
Final 
Valuation 
Date 
 
1 
[] 
[] 
[] 
 
… 
[] 
[] 
[] 
 
[y] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
(F) 
Reference Rate Return: 
[]% 
(xxvi) Non-Protected Put Redemption 
Amount (Reverse Convertible): 
Applicable: Redemption Payout Condition 25 (Non-
Protected 
Put 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Reverse 
Convertible)) applies 
(A) 
Strike: 
[100%/[]%] 
(B) 
Participation Rate (PR): 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(C) 
Performance Floor: 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(D) 
Type of valuation: 
[American/Bermudan/European] Valuation 
(xxvii) Non-Protected Knock-in Put 
Redemption Amount (Reverse 
Convertible): 
Applicable: Redemption Payout Condition 26 (Non-
Protected Knock-in Put Redemption Amount (Reverse 
Convertible)) applies 
(A) 
Strike: 
[100%/[]%] 
(B) 
Participation Rate (PR): 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(C) 
Performance Floor: 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(D) 
Barrier: 
[]% 
(E) 
Type of valuation: 
[American/Bermudan/European] Valuation

--- Page 525 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-302 
 
 
(xxviii) Non-Protected Knock-in Put 
with Call Redemption Amount: 
Applicable: Redemption Payout Condition 27 (Non-
Protected Knock-in Put with Call Redemption Amount) 
applies 
(A) 
Performance FloorCall: 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(B) 
Performance FloorPut: 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(C) 
FX Option Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(D) 
Call Strike: 
[[]/100%] 
(E) 
Put Strike: 
[[]/100%] 
(F) 
Call Barrier: 
[]% 
(G) 
Put Barrier: 
[]% 
(H) 
PRCall: 
[]% 
(I) 
PRPut: 
[]% 
(J) 
Type of valuation: 
[American/Bermudan/European] Valuation 
(xxix) Non-Protected Knock-in Put 
with Call Spread Redemption 
Amount: 
Applicable: Redemption Payout Condition 28 (Non-
Protected Knock-in Put with Call Spread Redemption 
Amount) applies 
(A) 
Performance Cap: 
[]% 
(B) 
Performance FloorCall: 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(C) 
Performance FloorPut: 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(D) 
FX Option Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(E) 
Call Strike: 
[[]/100%] 
(F) 
Put Strike: 
[[]/100%] 
(G) 
Call Barrier: 
[]% 
(H) 
Put Barrier: 
[]% 
(I) 
PRCall: 
[]% 
(J) 
PRPut: 
[]% 
(K) 
Type of valuation: 
[American/Bermudan/European] Valuation 
(xxx) 
Non-Protected Knock-in Put 
with Call Redemption Amount 
(Booster): 
Applicable: Redemption Payout Condition 29 (Non-
Protected Knock-in Put with Call Redemption Amount 
(Booster)) applies

--- Page 526 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-303 
 
 
(A) 
Call Element: 
[specify Reference Item(s) comprising Call Element] 
[See item [16/17/18/19/20] above] 
 
[Nth Performance is Applicable and N = [] 
[st/nd/rd/th] [highest/lowest]] 
‒ 
Performance 
FloorCall: 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
‒ 
Call Strike: 
[[]/100%] 
‒ 
Call Barrier: 
[]% 
‒ 
PRCall: 
[]% 
(B) 
Type of valuation in 
respect 
of 
the 
Call 
Element 
[American/Bermudan/European] Valuation 
(C) 
Put Element: 
[specify 
Reference 
Item(s) 
comprising 
Put 
Element][See item [16/17/18/19/20] above] 
 
[Nth Performance is Applicable and N = [] 
[st/nd/rd/th] [highest/lowest]] 
‒ 
Performance 
FloorPut: 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
‒ 
Put Strike: 
[[]/100%] 
‒ 
Put Barrier: 
[]% 
‒ 
PRPut: 
[]% 
‒ 
Type of valuation in 
respect of the Put 
Element: 
[American/Bermudan/European] Valuation 
(D) 
FX Option Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xxxi) General Redemption Amount: 
Applicable: Redemption Payout Condition 30 (General 
Redemption Amount) applies 
(A) 
Number 
of 
General 
Redemption 
Components(n): 
[] 
(Insert (B) – (E) below for each General Redemption 
Component) 
(B) 
General 
Redemption 
Component: 
j = [] 
(C) 
Reference Item(s): 
[specify Reference Item(s) comprising the relevant 
General 
Redemption 
Component] 
[See 
item 
[16/17/18/19/20] above]

--- Page 527 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-304 
 
 
[Nth Performance is Applicable for this General 
Redemption Component and N = [] [st/nd/rd/th] 
[highest/lowest]] 
(D) 
Performance Intervals: 
Performance 
Interval 
Number (m) 
Starting 
Performance 
Interval Point 
Ending 
Performance 
Interval Point  
Participation 
Rate 
Digita
l 
Level 
 
[] 
(insert 
number i.e. 1, 
2 etc starting 
with 
lowest 
Performance 
Interval 
Point)  
[]% 
 
[]% 
[]% 
[]
% 
 
(repeat each line for each Performance Interval) 
(xxxii) Barrier 
Bond 
Redemption 
Amount: 
Applicable: Redemption Payout Condition 31 (Barrier 
Bond Redemption Amount) applies 
(A) 
Type of Valuation: 
[Continuous/Daily] Valuation: Applicable 
 
(N.B. Continuous Observation may not be specified 
where the Reference Items are FX Rates) 
(B) 
Barrier Event: 
[Less than/Equal to or greater than] 
(C) 
FX 
Principal 
Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(D) 
Barrier Level: 
In respect of a Reference Item, [[]% of Reference Item 
Initiali 
for 
such 
Reference 
Item/the 
[level/price/rate/value] specified for such Reference 
Item as follows: 
 
i 
Reference Item 
Barrier Level 
 
1 
[] 
[] 
 
… 
[] 
[] 
 
[n] 
[] 
[]] 
(E) 
Barrier 
Event 
Observation Dates: 
[[] [Business Days] prior to the relevant Interest 
[Payment/Period] 
Date] 
/ 
[Each 
Interest 
[Payment/Period] Date] 
 
(Specify Interest Payment Dates where “Accrual” is 
specified as Not Applicable and specify Interest Period 
Dates where “Accrual” is specified as Applicable or 
the Notes are not Fixed Rate Notes)

--- Page 528 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-305 
 
 
(xxxiii) Lock-in Booster Redemption 
Amount: 
Applicable: Redemption Payout Condition 35 (Lock-in 
Booster Redemption Amount) applies 
(A) 
Call Strike: 
[[]/100%] 
(B) 
Participation Rate (PR): 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(C) 
FX Option Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(D) 
Lock-in Level(s): 
[][,[]% and []%] 
[Highest: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(E) 
Upper Barrier: 
[]% 
(F) 
Lower Barrier: 
[]% 
(G) 
Type of valuation: 
[American/Bermudan] Lock-in Valuation 
(xxxiv) Lock-in 
Call 
Redemption 
Amount: 
Applicable: Redemption Payout Condition 36 (Lock-in 
Call Redemption Amount) applies 
(A) 
Call Strike: 
[[]/100%] 
(B) 
Participation Rate (PR): 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(C) 
FX Option Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(D) 
Lock-in Level(s): 
[][,[]% and []%] 
[Highest: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(E) 
Barrier: 
[]% 
(F) 
Type of valuation: 
[American/Bermudan] Lock-in Valuation 
37. 
Redemption Valuation Provisions 
 
(In relation to Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Redemption Amount (Booster), repeat the 
following sections as necessary for each of the Call Element and the Put Element) 
(In relation to General Redemption Amount, repeat the following sections as necessary for each 
General Redemption Component) 
[Redemption Valuation Provisions relating to the [Put/Call] Element:] [Redemption Valuation 
Provisions relating to General Redemption Component []:] 
(i) 
Initial valuation to determine 
[Reference Item 
Initiali/Reference Item TOM 
Initialt,i]: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable and/or an Initial Price is specified for 
each Reference Item above, delete the remaining sub–

--- Page 529 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-306 
 
 
paragraphs of this paragraph.  If applicable, include 
whichever provisions apply and delete the remaining 
alternatives) 
 
(N.B. Only the Initial Valuation Date may be specified 
for Inflation-Linked Notes) 
Initial Valuation Date[s]: 
[] / [As defined in Reference Item Condition 3.3 
(Definitions)]/[In respect of a TOM Period, as specified 
in item 36(xxv)(E) above] 
Initial Averaging Dates: 
As set out in the table below: 
 
t 
Initial Averaging Dates 
 
 
1 
[] 
 
 
… 
[] 
 
 
y 
[] 
 
Initial Valuation Period: 
The Initial Valuation Period is the period from ([but 
excluding/and including]) [] to ([and including/but 
excluding]) [] 
Valuation Period Dates for the 
Initial Valuation Period: 
[Each [][, [] and []] [falling during the Initial 
Valuation Period]] [The definition set out in the 
Reference Item Conditions applies] 
 
Look-Back: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[[Highest/Lowest] applies for the purposes of the 
definition of Reference Item Initiali] 
Adjustment provisions: 
In the event of a [Disrupted Day/Market Disruption 
Event]:  
 
[Omission / Postponement / Modified Postponement] 
applies 
 
(N.B. Adjustment not relevant where the Reference 
Item(s) are one or more Inflation Indices or FX Rates)  
(ii) 
Final Valuation to determine 
[Reference 
Item 
Finali/ 
Reference Item TOM Finalt,i] 
[and 
for 
[determination 
of 
European 
Barrier 
Event 
/ 
European Valuation]]: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this paragraph.  If applicable, include whichever 
provisions apply and delete the remaining alternatives)

--- Page 530 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-307 
 
 
 
(N.B. Only Final Valuation Date may be specified for 
Inflation-Linked Notes) 
Final Valuation Date[s]: 
[] / [As defined in Reference Item Condition 3.3 
(Definitions)]/[In respect of a TOM Period, as specified 
in item 36(xxv)(E) above] 
Final Averaging Dates: 
As set out in the table below: 
 
t 
Final Averaging Dates 
 
 
1 
[] 
 
 
… 
[] 
 
 
y 
[] 
 
Final Valuation Period: 
The Final Valuation Period is the period from ([but 
excluding/and including]) [] to ([and including/but 
excluding]) [] 
Valuation Period Dates for the 
Final Valuation Period: 
[Each [][, [] and []] [falling during the Final 
Valuation Period]] [The definition set out in the 
Reference Item Conditions applies] 
 
Look-Back: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[[Highest/Lowest] applies for the purposes of the 
definition of Reference Item Finali] 
Adjustment provisions: 
In the event of a [Disrupted Day/Market Disruption 
Event]:  
 
[Omission / Postponement / Modified Postponement] 
applies 
 
(N.B. Adjustment not relevant where the Reference 
Item(s) are one or more Inflation Indices or FX Rates) 
 
(iii) 
Periodic Valuation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
Periodic 
Valuation 
Dates: 
Periodic Valuation Dates are as set out in the table 
below: 
 
t 
Periodic Valuation Dates 
 
 
1 
[] 
 
 
… 
[]

--- Page 531 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-308 
 
 
 
y 
[]] 
 
 
Adjustment provisions: 
Adjustment provisions in the event of a [Disrupted 
Day/Market Disruption Event]:  
 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] 
(iv) 
[Continuous 
Valuation 
/ 
Determination 
of 
American 
Barrier Event / American [Lock-
in] Valuation]: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(N.B. Not applicable Inflation-Linked Notes or 
Currency-Linked Notes)  
 
Observation Period: 
The period from ([but excluding/and including]) [] to 
([and including/but excluding]) [] 
(v) 
[Determination of Bermudan 
Barrier 
Event 
/ 
Bermudan 
[Lock-in] Valuation]: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(N.B. Not applicable for Inflation-Linked Notes or 
Currency-Linked Notes) 
‒ 
Bermudan 
Observation 
Dates: 
[] 
‒ 
Adjustment provisions: 
In the event of a [Disrupted Day/Market Disruption 
Event]:  
 
[Omission / Postponement / Modified Postponement] 
applies 
(vi) 
Daily Valuation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(N.B. 
Only 
applicable 
where 
“Barrier 
Bond 
Redemption Amount” is specified as the Reference 
Item-Linked Redemption Amount and Daily Valuation 
is specified as Applicable in item 36(xxxii) above) 
 
Valuation Period: 
The period from ([but excluding/and including]) [] to 
([and including/but excluding]) []

--- Page 532 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-309 
 
 
 
Valuation Period Dates 
for 
the 
Valuation 
Period: 
[Each [][, [] and []] [falling during the Valuation 
Period]] [The definition set out in the Reference Item 
Conditions applies] 
Adjustment provisions: 
In the event of a [Disrupted Day/Market Disruption 
Event]:  
 
[Omission / Postponement / Modified Postponement] 
applies 
(vii) 
FX valuation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Principal FX Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this paragraph.  If applicable, include whichever 
provisions apply and delete the remaining alternatives) 
(A) 
Initial 
valuation 
to 
determine 
Reference 
Item Initiali in respect of 
the Principal FX Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable and/or an Initial Price is specified for 
the FX Rate above, delete the remaining sub–
paragraphs of this paragraph.  If applicable, include 
whichever provisions apply and delete the remaining 
alternatives) 
Initial Valuation Date: 
[] 
Initial Averaging Dates: 
As set out in the table below: 
 
t 
Initial Averaging Dates 
 
 
1 
[] 
 
 
… 
[] 
 
 
y 
[] 
 
(B) 
Final 
Valuation 
to 
determine 
Reference 
Item Finali in respect of 
the Principal FX Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this paragraph.  If applicable, include whichever 
provisions apply and delete the remaining alternatives) 
Final Valuation Date: 
[] 
 
Final Averaging Dates: 
As set out in the table below:

--- Page 533 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-310 
 
 
 
t 
Final Averaging Dates 
 
 
1 
[] 
 
 
… 
[] 
 
 
y 
[] 
 
Option FX Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this paragraph.  If applicable, include whichever 
provisions apply and delete the remaining alternatives) 
(A) 
Initial 
valuation 
to 
determine 
Reference 
Item Initiali in respect of 
the Option FX Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable and/or an Initial Price is specified for 
the FX Rate above, delete the remaining sub–
paragraphs of this paragraph.  If applicable, include 
whichever provisions apply and delete the remaining 
alternatives) 
Initial Valuation Date: 
[] 
Initial Averaging Dates: 
As set out in the table below: 
 
t 
Initial Averaging Dates 
 
 
1 
[] 
 
 
… 
[] 
 
 
y 
[] 
 
(B) 
Final 
Valuation 
to 
determine 
Reference 
Item Finali in respect of 
the Option FX Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this paragraph.  If applicable, include whichever 
provisions apply and delete the remaining alternatives) 
Final Valuation Date: 
[] 
Final Averaging Dates: 
As set out in the table below: 
 
t 
Final Averaging Dates 
 
 
1 
[]

--- Page 534 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-311 
 
 
 
… 
[] 
 
 
y 
[] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
38. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
on [] days’ notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances described in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [] days’ notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances described in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
(N.B. In the case of Bearer Notes, the exchange upon 
notice/at any time options as specified above and in the 
Conditions should not be expressed to be applicable if 
the Specified Denomination of the Notes in item 6 
includes language substantially to the following effect: 
“[EUR 100,000 and integral multiples of EUR 1,000 in 
excess thereof and up to and including EUR 199,000]”)  
 
[VP Systems Notes issued in uncertificated and 
dematerialised book entry form.  See further item 13 of 
Part B below] 
39. 
New Global Note form:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
40. 
Applicable Business Centre(s):  
[Not Applicable/insert Applicable Business Centres] 
41. 
Business Day Convention:  
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] [Not 
Applicable] 
42. 
Applicable Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/Insert Applicable Financial Centre] 
(See definition of Payment Business Day in the 
Conditions.  Note that this item relates to the date and 
place of payment, and not to Interest Payment 
Dates/Maturity Date) 
43. 
Notices to be published on: 
[] / [www.danskebank.com] / [As specified in General 
Condition 15 (Notices)] 
44. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes:  
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
Talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive

--- Page 535 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-312 
 
 
form, more than 27 coupon payments are still to be 
made/No] 
45. 
Name and address of the Calculation 
Agent: 
[] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source].  The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By:  
By:  
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised 
CC: Citibank, N.A., London Branch as Fiscal Agent

--- Page 536 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-313 
 
 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[The Official List of Euronext Dublin] / [Nasdaq 
Copenhagen A/S] / [Nasdaq Stockholm AB] / [Nasdaq 
Helsinki Oy] / [The Nordic Growth Market NGM AB 
[(NDX [Sweden/Finland])]] / [The Stuttgart Stock 
Exchange] /  [The Luxembourg Stock Exchange] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading:  
[Application has been made for the Notes to be admitted 
to trading on [the regulated market of Euronext Dublin] 
/ [Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S] / [Nasdaq Stockholm AB] 
/ [Nasdaq Helsinki Oy] / [The Nordic Growth Market 
NGM AB [(NDX [Sweden/Finland])]] / [The Stuttgart 
Stock Exchange] / [The Luxembourg Stock Exchange] 
with effect from []] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original securities are already admitted to trading) 
(iii) 
Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
related to admission to trading*: 
[] 
(iv) 
Market Making: 
[Insert the name and address of the entities which have 
a firm commitment to act as intermediaries in secondary 
trading, providing liquidity through bid and offer rates 
and description of the main terms and their 
commitment]  
2. 
[Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the [Issue/Offer] 
[Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest.  May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement: 
[Save as discussed in the “Subscription and Sale” section of the Base Prospectus, /Not Applicable:] 
so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to 
the offer] 
3. 
Reasons for the Offer, Estimated Net Proceeds and Total Expenses 
(i) 
[Reasons for the offer: 
[General Business Purposes][Green Bonds][] 
 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base Prospectus – 
if reasons for offer different general business purposes 
and/or Green Bonds, will need to include those reasons 
here)] 
(ii) 
[Estimated net proceeds]: 
[] 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will 
need to split out and present in order of priority.  If

--- Page 537 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-314 
 
 
proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses state 
amount and sources of other funding)** 
(iii) 
[Estimated total expenses]: 
[] 
 
(Include breakdown of expenses)** 
 
(It is only necessary to include disclosure of net 
proceeds and total expenses at (ii) and (iii) above where 
disclosure is included at (i) above) 
4. 
[Yield (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[]] 
 
[The yield is calculated [as the internal rate of return/at 
the Issue Date] of the Notes on the basis of the relevant 
Issue Price. [The yield indicated will be calculated as 
the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of the Notes 
and will not be an indication of future yield.]] 
5. 
[Historic Interest Rates (Rate-Linked Notes only)** 
Details of performance of interest rates in the case of Variable Rate Notes can be obtained [but not] 
free of charge from [Reuters/Bloomberg/give details of electronic means of obtaining the details of 
performance/[]]] 
6. 
[[Information relating to Reference Entity/Entities, explanation of effect on value of 
investment and associated risks and other information concerning the Reference 
Entity/Entities: (Credit-Linked Notes only) 
[Need to include a clear and comprehensive explanation of how the value of the investment is 
affected by the underlying and the circumstances when the risks are most evident]  
[In the case of Credit-Linked Notes where no Reference Entity or Reference Obligation represents 
20% or more of the basket or index of Reference Entities either (i) set out in a table annexed to 
these Final Terms (a) the names of the Reference Entities and (if different) issuers of the Reference 
Obligation; and (b) the ISIN of the Reference Obligation or (ii) where such information is already 
included in items of the Final Terms, include a cross reference thereto.]  
[Otherwise insert: 
[Certain information in relation to [the][each] Reference Entity and [[Non-]Standard Reference 
Obligation] (if any) as at the Issue Date is set out below. 
Name: 
[] 
Address: 
[] 
Country of incorporation: 
[] 
Industry or industries of operation: 
[] (For example financials, energy, 
insurance, manufacturing, construction, 
transport, media determined on the basis of 
available information on the Reference 
Entity)

--- Page 538 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-315 
 
 
Market[(s)] on which securities are admitted 
to trading: 
[] 
[[Non-]Standard 
Reference 
Obligation] 
Securities Code: 
[] 
(The information above should be completed so far as the Issuer is aware and/or able to ascertain 
from information published by the relevant Reference Entity and repeated for each Reference Entity.  
Country of incorporation, industry and address will be N/A for a Sovereign Reference entity and 
Securities Code (eg. ISIN/CUSIP) will be N/A if there is no Reference Obligation or it has no 
securities code.  Note permissible markets for a Reference Entity’s securities to be admitted to 
trading on are regulated markets, equivalent third country markets and SME Growth Markets.) 
As at the Issue Date information in relation to the past and further performance of [[the] [each] 
Reference Entity] [[insert Reference Entity name]] is available [free of charge/at a charge] from 
[internationally recognised electronically displayed sources such as Bloomberg and any website of 
such Reference Entity]. (Repeat for each Reference Entity as applicable)] 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be reported 
and where it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information]]] 
7. 
[[Performance of Inflation Index, explanation of effect on value of investment and associated 
risks and other information concerning the Inflation Index: (Inflation-Linked Notes only) 
[Need to include a clear and comprehensive explanation of how the value of the investment is 
affected by the underlying and the circumstances when the risks are most evident] 
[Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of the Inflation Index 
can be obtained by electronic means and whether or not it can be obtained free of charge] [Need 
to include the name of the Inflation Index need to include details of where the information about the 
Inflation Index can be obtained] 
[Include any disclaimer wording required by the Index Sponsor] 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be reported 
and where it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information]]] 
8. 
[[Performance of [Index/Basket of Indices], explanation of effect on value of investment and 
associated risks and other information concerning the [Index/Basket of Indices]: (Index-Linked 
Notes only) 
[Need to include a clear and comprehensive explanation of how the value of the investment is 
affected by the underlying and the circumstances when the risks are most evident] 
[Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of [the/each] index can 
be obtained by electronic means and whether or not it can be obtained free of charge] [Need to 
include the name of [the/each] index need to include details of where the information about 
[the/each] index can be obtained] 
[Include any disclaimer wording required by the Index Sponsor(s)] 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be reported 
and where it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information]]]

--- Page 539 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-316 
 
 
9. 
[[Performance of [Underlying Equity/Basket of Underlying Equities], explanation of effect on 
value of investment and associated risks and other information concerning the [Underlying 
Equity/Basket of Underlying Equities]: (Equity-Linked Notes only) 
[Need to include a clear and comprehensive explanation of how the value of the investment is 
affected by the underlying and the circumstances when the risks are most evident] 
[Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of [the/each] 
underlying equity can be obtained by electronic means and whether or not it can be obtained free 
of charge] [Need to include the name of [the/each] issuer of [the/each] underlying equity and the 
ISIN or other identification code] 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be reported 
and where it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information]]] 
10. 
[[Performance of [Fund Interest/Basket of Fund Interests], explanation of effect on value of 
investment and associated risks and other information concerning the [Fund Interest/Basket 
of Fund Interests]: (Fund-Linked Notes only) 
[Need to include a clear and comprehensive explanation of how the value of the investment is 
affected by the underlying and the circumstances when the risks are most evident] 
[Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of [the/each] fund 
interest can be obtained by electronic means and whether or not it can be obtained free of charge.] 
[Need to include the name of [the/each] fund of [the/each] fund interest and the ISIN or other 
identification code] 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be reported 
and where it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information]]] 
11. 
[[Performance of [[rate[s] of exchange/formula/currencies], explanation of effect on value of 
investment and associated risks and other information concerning the of [[rate[s] of 
exchange/formula/currencies]: (Only for Currency-Linked Notes including where “FX Principal 
Conversion” and/or “FX Option Conversion” is specified as Applicable) 
[Need to include a clear and comprehensive explanation of how the value of the investment is 
affected by the underlying and the circumstances when the risks are most evident] 
[Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of the [relevant 
rates/formula/currencies] can be obtained by electronic means and whether or not it can be 
obtained free of charge] 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be reported 
and where it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information]]] 
12. 
[[Performance of [Commodity/Basket of Commodities], explanation of effect on value of 
investment and associated risks and other information concerning the [Commodity/Basket of 
Commodities]: (Commodity-Linked Notes only) 
[Need to include a clear and comprehensive explanation of how the value of the investment is 
affected by the underlying and the circumstances when the risks are most evident] 
[Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of [the/each] 
commodity/formula can be obtained by electronic means and whether or not it can be obtained free

--- Page 540 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-317 
 
 
of charge] [Need to include the name of [the/each] commodity and need to include details of where 
the information about [the/each] commodity can be obtained] 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be reported 
and where it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information]]] 
13. 
Operational Information: 
 
ISIN Code: 
[] 
Common Code: 
[] 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
New Global Note intended to be held in 
a 
manner 
which 
would 
allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Not Applicable] (Specify “Not Applicable” if the Notes 
are being issued in CGN form) 
 
[Yes.  Note that the designation “Yes” simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. or Clearstream 
Banking S.A. as common safe-keeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria] (If “Yes” selected, 
Bearer Notes must be issued in NGN form) 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the 
date of this Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then 
be deposited with one of Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. or 
Clearstream Banking S.A. as common safekeeper.  Note 
that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
then be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met]

--- Page 541 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-318 
 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
S.A./N.V. 
and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)/VP, VP 
identification number: []/VPS, VPS identification 
number: []/Euroclear Finland, Euroclear Finland 
identification 
number: 
[]/Euroclear 
Sweden, 
Euroclear Sweden identification number: []]  
 
The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain certain information 
from the register maintained by [the VP/the 
VPS/Euroclear Finland/ Euroclear Sweden] for the 
purpose of performing its obligations under the issue of 
VP Systems Notes] (delete as applicable) 
Delivery:  
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
14. 
Distribution 
 
(i) 
Name 
[and 
address]** 
of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name [and address]**] 
(ii) 
Total 
commission 
and 
concession**:  
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount** 
(iii) 
Date 
of 
Subscription 
Agreement: 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
(iv) 
TEFRA Rules:  
TEFRA [C/D/not applicable] 
(v) 
Non-exempt Offer [where there 
is no exemption from the 
obligation under the Prospectus 
Regulation 
to 
publish 
a 
prospectus]: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] [, the Notes may also be 
offered in circumstances where there is an exemption 
from the obligation under the Prospectus Regulation to 
publish a prospectus] (if not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs below and also paragraph 
15 below) 
(vi) 
[Non-exempt 
Offer 
Jurisdictions: 
[Denmark / Finland / Germany / Ireland / Luxembourg 
/ Sweden] 
(vii) 
[Offer Period: 
[Specify date] until [specify date] 
(viii) 
[Financial 
intermediaries 
granted specific consent to use 
the 
Base 
Prospectus 
in 
accordance with the Conditions 
in it: 
[Insert names and addresses of financial intermediaries 
receiving consent (specific consent)]] 
(ix) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA  
Retail Investors: 
Applicable [other than with respect to offers of the 
Notes in [specify jurisdiction(s) for which a PRIIPs KID 
is being prepared] [during the period[s][x]-[x] repeat 
periods as necessary] 
15. 
[Terms and Conditions of the Offer:

--- Page 542 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-319 
 
 
Offer Price:  
[Issue Price/Not Applicable/specify] 
[Conditions to which the offer is 
subject:]  
[Not Applicable/give details] 
[Description of the application process]:  [Not Applicable/give details] 
[Details 
of 
the 
minimum 
and/or 
maximum amount of the application]: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
[Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and manner for refunding 
amounts paid in excess by applicants]: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
[Details of the method and time limits for 
paying up and delivering the Notes:] 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
[Manner in and date on which results of 
the offer are to be made public:] 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
[Procedure for exercise of any right of 
pre-emption, 
negotiability 
of 
subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised:] 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
[Whether tranche(s) have been reserved 
for certain countries:] 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
[Process for notifying applicants of the 
amount allotted and an indication 
whether dealing may begin before 
notification is made:] 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
[Amount of any expenses and taxes 
charged to the subscriber or purchaser:] 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
[Name(s) and address(es), to the extent 
known to the Issuer, of the placers in the 
various countries where the offer takes 
place:] 
[None/give details] 
[Name and address of the entities which 
have a firm commitment to act as 
intermediaries in secondary trading, 
providing liquidity through bid and offer 
rates and description of the main terms of 
their commitment:] 
[None/give details]] 
16. 
EU Benchmark Regulation 
 
EU Benchmark Regulation: Article 29(2) 
statement on benchmarks: 
[Not applicable] 
[Applicable: Amounts payable under the Notes are 
calculated by reference to [insert name[s] of

--- Page 543 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-320 
 
 
benchmark(s)], which [is/are] provided by [insert 
name[s] of the administrator[s] – if more than one 
specify in relation to each relevant benchmark]. 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, [insert name[s] 
of the administrator[s]] [is/are] [not] included in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority [(“ESMA”)] pursuant to article 36 
of the Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011) [(the “Benchmarks Regulation”)].] 
[repeat as necessary]] 
17. 
U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations 
(i) 
[The Notes are [not] Specified Notes for purposes of Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986.]  [Additional information regarding the application of Section 871(m) to the Notes 
will be available from [give name(s) and address(es) of Issuer contact].] [As at the date of these 
Final Terms, the Issuer has not determined whether the Notes are Specified Notes for purposes of 
Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986; however, indicatively it considers that 
they will [not] be Specified Notes for these purposes. This is indicative information only subject to 
change and if the Issuer’s final determination is different then it will give notice of such 
determination. Please contact [give name(s) and address(es) of Issuer contact] for further 
information regarding the application of Section 871(m) to the Notes.] 12 (The Notes will not be 
Specified Notes if they (i) are issued prior to 1 January 2023 and are not “delta-one” for U.S. tax 
purposes or (ii) do not reference any U.S. equity or any index that contains any component U.S. 
equity or otherwise provide direct or indirect exposure to U.S. equities. If the Notes reference a 
U.S. equity or an index that contains a component U.S. equity or otherwise provide direct or indirect 
exposure to U.S. equities and (i) are issued prior to 1 January 2023 and provide a return that does 
not differ significantly from the return on an investment in the underlying, or (ii) are issued on or 
after 1 January 2023, further analysis would be required. If the Notes are Specified Notes, include 
the “Additional information” sentence and provide the appropriate contact information at the 
Issuer.) 
1 
Complete each section only if applicable.  Otherwise delete and re-number sections accordingly. 
* 
Delete if the minimum denomination is less than EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent). 
** 
Delete if the minimum denomination is greater than or equal to EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent). 
 
                                                     
12 
This formulation to be used if the Issuer has not made a determination regarding whether the Notes are Specified Notes as of the date of the 
Final Terms.

--- Page 544 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
E-321 
 
 
[ANNEX 
SUMMARY OF THE NOTES 
[issue specific summary to be inserted]]**

--- Page 545 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-322 
 
 
SECTION E.4- EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement for an issue of Exempt Notes by Danske Bank A/S under the EUR 
5,000,000,000 Structured Note Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – [Other than with respect to offers of the 
Notes in [specify jurisdiction(s) for which a PRIIPs KID is being prepared] [during the period[s][x]-[x] repeat 
periods as necessary,][T]/[t]he Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area 
(“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (“MiFID II”); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; of (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently[, save as provided above,] no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the securities or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MiFID II product governance / target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: 
(i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties[,] [and] professional clients [and retail clients], 
each as defined in MiFID II; [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including 
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] / [(ii) all channels 
for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following 
channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate – [investment advice][,/and] [portfolio 
management][,/ and][non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s (as defined 
below) suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider/insert any 
negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
MiFID II, as applicable].]] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Securities has led to the conclusion 
that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”) [and retail clients, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”)]; [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, 
including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] / [(ii) all 
channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the 
following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate – [investment advice][,/and] 
[portfolio management][,/ and][non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s 
(as defined below) suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any 
negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to 
the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].]]

--- Page 546 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-323 
 
 
PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
DATED [] 
Series No. [] 
Tranche No. [] 
DANSKE BANK A/S 
EUR 5,000,000,000 
Structured Note Programme 
Issue of 
[Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROSPECTUS 
REGULATION (AS DEFINED BELOW) IN RELATION TO NOTES WHICH ARE THE SUBJECT 
OF THIS PRICING SUPPLEMENT. 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in 
which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the 
Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each 
case, in relation to such offer.  Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the 
making of any offer of Notes in any other circumstances. 
 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth 
in the Listing Particulars dated 16 June 2021 [and the Supplement No. [] dated []] ([together,] the “Listing 
Particulars”).  This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Notes described herein and must be 
read in conjunction with such Listing Particulars in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Listing 
Particulars are available for viewing at and copies may be obtained from the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of an issue of Notes which is being 
increased was issued under Listing Particulars/a Base Prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth 
in the [Listing Particulars/Base Prospectus] dated [original date] [as supplemented by Supplement No. [] 
dated []] which are incorporated by reference in the Listing Particulars dated [current date][, as supplemented 
by Supplement No. [] dated []] ([together, ] the “Listing Particulars”).  This document constitutes the 
Pricing Supplement of the Notes described herein and must be read in conjunction with the Listing Particulars.  
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of 
this Pricing Supplement and the Listing Particulars.  The Listing Particulars are available for viewing at and 
copies may be obtained from the website of Euronext Dublin at https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A).  Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs 
or subparagraphs.  Italics denote guidance for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
Danske Bank A/S

--- Page 547 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-324 
 
 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
will be consolidated and 
form a single Series: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Notes will be consolidated and form 
a single Series with [identify earlier Tranche(s)] on the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for interests in 
the Permanent Global Note, as referred to in item 39 below, 
which is expected to occur on or about [date]] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[] 
4. 
Aggregate Principal Amount: 
[[]] 
(i) 
[Series: 
[]] 
(ii) 
[Tranche: 
[]] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] [plus [] 
in respect of interest]  
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[] 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination 
 
If more than one Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor.  Note: There must be a common factor in the 
case of two or more Specified Denominations) 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
(ii) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
[Issue Date/[]/Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Trade Date: 
[] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[specify date][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention specified in item 42 below] (N.B. 
include adjustment wording for Variable Rate Notes) [the 
“Scheduled Maturity Date” [or such later date for 
redemption determined as provided in Reference Item 
Condition 2 (Credit-Linked Notes)]] (N.B. if specifying a 
Business Day Convention and the Notes are Credit-Linked 
Notes consider interaction with the scheduled termination 
date on any hedging arrangements) 
Scheduled 
Termination 
Notice 
Date: 
[specify date] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate]

--- Page 548 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-325 
 
 
 
[[[Capped/Floored/Collared/Reverse] Floating Rate Notes / 
Steepener Notes / Snowball Notes / Range Accrual Notes /  
Binary Rate Notes / Inflation Adjusted Interest Notes] 
determined by reference to [[] [month/year] [Currency] 
[LIBOR / EURIBOR / NIBOR / STIBOR / CIBOR / 
BBSW/OMX Swap Rate] / [] / the Swap Rate] [which are] 
 
[Rate-Linked Interest Notes] 
 
[Inflation-Linked Interest Notes] 
 
[Index-Linked Interest Notes] 
 
[Equity-Linked Interest Notes] 
 
[Fund-Linked Interest Notes] 
 
[Currency-Linked Interest Notes] 
 
[Commodity-Linked Interest Notes] 
 
[Zero Coupon Notes] 
 
[Specify other] 
 
(further particulars specified at item[s] [25] [26] [and [27(i) 
/ 27(ii) / 27(iii) / 27(iv) / 27(viii) / 27(ix) / 27(vi) / 27(v) / 
27(vii)]] [28] [29] [and 30] below) 
 
[Not Applicable – the Notes do not bear or pay any interest] 
 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at [par/[] per cent.]] 
 
 
 
[Inflation-Linked Redemption Notes] 
 
[Index-Linked Redemption Notes] 
 
[Equity-Linked Redemption Notes] 
 
[Fund-Linked Redemption Notes] 
 
[Currency-Linked Redemption Notes] 
 
[Commodity-Linked Redemption Notes] 
 
[and Credit-Linked Redemption Notes] 
 
[Specify other] 
 
(further particulars specified at item[s] [35] [and [37] below) 
 
[subject to Autocall Early Redemption] 
11. 
Change 
of 
Interest 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Not Applicable/or specify details of any provision for 
convertibility 
of 
Notes 
into 
another 
interest 
or 
redemption/payment basis] 
12. 
Put/Call Options:  
[Call Option/Put Option/Not Applicable] 
(further particulars specified in item [31/32] below) 
13. 
Tax Gross-Up: 
[General Condition 8.1 (Gross-up) applicable]/[General 
Condition 8.3 (No gross-up) applicable] 
 
(N.B. Only one of General Condition 8.1 (Gross-up) and 8.3 
(No gross-up) should be specified as Applicable.  If General 
Condition 8.1 (Gross-up) is specified as Applicable, General 
Condition 6.3 (Early redemption for tax reasons) will be 
applicable and General Condition 8.3 (No gross-up) will not 
be applicable)

--- Page 549 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-326 
 
 
14. 
Date of Board approval for issuance 
of Notes obtained: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation 
is required for the particular tranche of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REFERENCE ITEMS AND FX PRINCIPAL/OPTION 
CONVERSION 
15. 
Rate-Linked Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [in respect of the Variable Rate 
Note Provisions] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Whether the Notes relate to 
a basket of Underlying 
Rates 
or 
a 
single 
Underlying Rate (and if 
applicable) 
the 
relevant 
weightings: 
Single Underlying Rate  
(ii) 
Manner 
in 
which 
the 
Underlying Rate(s) is/are to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] [Swap 
Rate Determination and the relevant Underlying Swap Rates 
will be determined in accordance with [Screen Rate/ISDA] 
Determination] [As specified in the Table below] 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(A) 
Reference Rate: 
[[] [month/year] [Currency] [LIBOR / EURIBOR / 
NIBOR / STIBOR / CIBOR / BBSW] / [OMX Swap Rate] / 
[As specified in the Table below] 
(B) 
Relevant Currency: 
[] / [As specified in the Table below] 
(C) 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[] / [As specified in item 15(v) below] / [As specified in the 
Table below] / [and in/In respect of the [] Interest Period[s], 
determined as provided in Reference Item Condition 1.2(iv) 
(Linear Interpolation)] 
(D) 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[] / [As specified in the Table below] 
(E) 
Relevant Time: 
[[] in the Relevant Financial Centre] / [As specified in the 
Table below] 
(F) 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[] / [As specified in the Table below] 
(G) 
Reference Banks: 
[] / [As specified in Reference Item Condition 1.4 
(Definitions)] / [As specified in the Table below]

--- Page 550 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-327 
 
 
(H) 
Alternative 
Pre-
nominated 
Reference Rate:  
[Specify] [None] 
(iv) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If applicable and the Notes relate to more than one 
Reference Rate, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph and insert the relevant details in the Table below) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(A) 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[] / [As specified in the Table below] 
(B) 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[] / [As specified in item 15(v) below] / [As specified in the 
Table below] / [and in/In respect of the [] Interest Period[s], 
determined as provided in Reference Item Condition 1.2(iv) 
(Linear Interpolation)] 
(C) 
Reset Date: 
[] / [First day of the relevant Interest Period] / [The relevant 
Observation Date] 
(D) 
Alternative 
Pre-
nominated 
Reference Rate: 
[Specify] [None] 
(v) 
Swap Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If applicable, also complete the relevant provisions of item 
15(iii) or 15(iv) above.  If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub–paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(A) 
Designated 
Maturity of Swap 
Rate 1: 
[] [As specified in the Table below] 
(B) 
Designated 
Maturity of Swap 
Rate 2: 
[] [As specified in the Table below] 
TABLE 
Screen Rate Determination 
[i 
Reference Rate 
Relevant 
Currenc
y 
Designated 
Maturity 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page 
Relevant 
Time 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre 
Reference Banks 
[Swap 
Rate 1] 
[Swap 
Rate 2 
1 
[[] [month/year] 
[Currency] [LIBOR 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] in the 
Relevant 
[]] 
[] 
/ 
[As 
specified 
in

--- Page 551 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-328 
 
 
/ 
EURIBOR 
/ 
NIBOR / STIBOR / 
CIBOR / BBSW] / 
[OMX Swap Rate] 
Financial 
Centre] 
Reference 
Item 
Condition 
1.4 
(Definitions)] 
…
] 
… 
… 
… 
…] 
… 
… 
… 
ISDA Determination 
[i 
Floating Rate Option 
Designated Maturity 
Reset Date  
 
 
[Swap Rate 1] 
[Swap Rate 2 
 
[
1/
… 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
…
] 
… 
… 
…] 
… 
16. 
Inflation Linked Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [in respect of the Variable Rate 
Note Provisions] [only] [and] [in respect of the Reference 
Item-Linked Redemption Provisions] [only] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
The identity of the relevant 
Inflation Index: 
[Insert name of Inflation Index] 
(ii) 
Payment Dates: 
[Specify/The provisions of Reference Item Condition 3.3 
(Definitions) apply] 
(iii) 
Relevant 
Determination 
Date: 
[Specify/The provisions of Reference Item Condition 3.3 
(Definitions) apply/As specified in item [26(v)] [and item] 
[38(ii)] below] 
(iv) 
Number of Months: 
(t) 
(t - ω) 
 
[] 
[] 
(v) 
Related Bond: 
[Applicable: [Specify/Fallback Bond]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
[Issuer of Related Bond: []] 
(vi) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable: [Specify/The provisions of Reference Item 
Condition 3.3 (Definitions) apply] 
 
End Date: 
[]] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
(vii) 
Period of Cessation of 
Publication: 
[[] months] / [The provisions of Reference Item Condition 
3.2(ii) (Cessation of Publication) apply]

--- Page 552 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-329 
 
 
(viii) 
Revised Index Level: 
[No Revision/Revision] shall apply 
(ix) 
Revision Cut-off Date: 
[[] Business Days prior to [the/each] Payment Date] / [The 
provisions of Reference Item Condition 3.3 (Definitions) 
apply] 
(x) 
Manifest 
Error 
Cut-off 
Date: 
[[] Business Days prior to [the/each] Payment Date] / [The 
provisions of Reference Item Condition 3.3 (Definitions) 
apply] 
 
17. 
Index-Linked Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [in respect of the Variable Rate 
Note Provisions] [only] [and] [in respect of the Reference 
Item-Linked Redemption Provisions] [only] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(In relation to Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Redemption Amount (Booster), repeat the 
following sections as necessary for each of the Call Element and the Put Element) 
(In relation to General Redemption Amount, repeat the following sections as necessary for each 
General Redemption Component) 
[Reference Item(s) relating to the [Put/Call] Element:] [Reference Item(s) relating to General 
Redemption Component []:] 
(i) 
Whether the [Notes / [Put / 
Call] Element / General 
Redemption 
Component] 
relate[s] to a basket of 
indices or a single index, 
the identity of the relevant 
Index/Indices, whether any 
such Index is a Designated 
Multi-Exchange Index and 
(if applicable) the relevant 
weightings: 
[Basket of Indices/Single Index] 
[[Insert name of Index]/The [Index is/Indices are] as 
specified in the Table below] 
[[The 
Index 
is 
a 
Designated 
Multi-Exchange 
Index]/[[The/Each] Index is a Multi-Exchange Index if so 
specified in the Table below] 
 
(N.B. Designated Multi-Exchange Index only applies in 
relation to the EURO STOXX Index unless otherwise 
specifically agreed) 
 
[Wi, the weighting, for each Index is as specified in [the 
Table below/item 37(xi)(E) below]] 
(ii) 
Initial Price: 
[[]/As specified in the Table below/Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Exchange(s): 
[[]/Principal Exchanges/As specified in the Table below] 
(iv) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[[]/As specified in the Table below/All Exchanges]

--- Page 553 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-330 
 
 
(v) 
Valuation Time: 
[Reference Item Condition 4.4 (Definitions) applies/As 
specified 
in 
the 
Table 
below/Scheduled 
Closing 
Time/specify other] 
(vi) 
Correction of Index Levels: Correction of Index Levels [applies/does not apply and any 
relevant amounts shall be calculated without regard to any 
subsequently published correction] 
 
(If Correction of Index Levels does not apply, delete the 
following sub paragraph) 
[Correction Cut-Off Date: 
[In relation to a Relevant Determination Date, [] Business 
Days after such Relevant Determination Date]] 
TABLE 
i 
Inde
x 
Designated 
Multi-Exchange 
Index 
Exchange 
Related 
Exchange 
[Valuation Time 
[Initial Price 
[Wi 
1 
[] 
[Yes/No] 
[[]/Principal 
Exchanges] 
[[]/All 
Exchanges] 
[[]/Scheduled 
Closing Time] 
[] 
[] 
… [] 
[Yes/No] 
[[]/Principal 
Exchanges] 
[[]/All 
Exchanges] 
[[]/Scheduled 
Closing Time] 
[] 
[] 
n 
[] 
[Yes/No] 
[[]/Principal 
Exchanges] 
[[]/All 
Exchanges] 
[[]/Scheduled 
Closing Time]] 
[]] 
[]] 
18. 
Equity-Linked Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [in respect of the Variable Rate 
Note Provisions] [only] [and] [in respect of the Reference 
Item-Linked Redemption Provisions] [only] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(In relation to Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Redemption Amount (Booster), repeat the 
following sections as necessary for each of the Call Element and the Put Element) 
(In relation to General Redemption Amount, repeat the following sections as necessary for each 
General Redemption Component) 
[Reference Item(s) relating to the [Put/Call] Element:] [Reference Item(s) relating to General 
Redemption Component []:] 
(i) 
Whether the [Notes / [Put / 
Call] Element / General 
Redemption 
Component] 
relate[s] to a basket of 
equity securities or a single 
equity 
security, 
details 
relating to the Underling 
Equity 
/Equities, 
the 
[Basket of Underlying Equities/Single Underlying Equity] 
[[Insert type of Underlying Equity]/The Underlying [Equity 
is/Equities are] as specified in the Table below] 
[[The/Each] Underlying Equity is an ETF Share [if so 
specified in the Table below]]

--- Page 554 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-331 
 
 
identity of the relevant 
issuer(s) of the Underlying 
Equity/Equities, 
whether 
any such Underlying Equity 
is an ETF share and (if 
applicable) 
the 
relevant 
weightings: 
[[Insert name of Equity Issuer]/[The Equity Issuer of 
[the/each] Underlying Equity is the entity specified in the 
Table below] 
 
[Wi, the weighting, for each Underlying Equity is as 
specified in [the Table below/item 37(xi)(E) below]] 
(ii) 
Initial Price: 
[[]/As specified in the Table below/Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Exchange(s): 
[[]/As specified in the Table below] 
(iv) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[[]/As specified in the Table below/All Exchanges] 
(v) 
Valuation Time: 
[Reference Item Condition 5.3 (Definitions) applies/As 
specified 
in 
the 
Table 
below/Scheduled 
Closing 
Time/specify other] 
(vi) 
Potential 
Adjustment 
Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [in respect of each Underlying 
Equity] 
(vii) 
Extraordinary Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [in respect of each Underlying 
Equity] 
(viii) 
Correction of Underlying 
Equity Prices: 
Correction of Underlying Equity Prices [applies/does not 
apply and any relevant amounts shall be calculated without 
regard to any subsequently published correction] 
 
(If Correction of Underlying Equity Prices does not apply, 
delete the following sub paragraph) 
[Correction Cut-Off Date: 
[In relation to a Relevant Determination Date, [] Business 
Days after such Relevant Determination Date]] 
 
TABLE 
i 
Underlying 
Equity 
ETF Share 
Equity 
Issuer 
Exchange 
Related Exchange 
[Valuation 
Time 
[Initial 
Price 
Wi 
1 
[Common 
Stock/specify 
other] 
[Yes/No] 
[] 
[] 
[[]/All 
Exchanges] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
… [Common 
Stock/specify 
other] 
[Yes/No] 
[] 
[] 
[[]/All 
Exchanges] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
n 
[Common 
Stock/specify 
other] 
[Yes/No] 
[] 
[] 
[[]/All 
Exchanges] 
[] 
[]] 
[]

--- Page 555 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-332 
 
 
19. 
Fund-Linked Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [in respect of the Variable Rate 
Note Provisions] [only] [and] [in respect of the Reference 
Item-Linked Redemption Provisions] [only] 
(In relation to Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Redemption Amount (Booster), repeat the 
following sections as necessary for each of the Call Element and the Put Element) 
(In relation to General Redemption Amount, repeat the following sections as necessary for each 
General Redemption Component) 
[Reference Item(s) relating to the [Put/Call] Element:] [Reference Item(s) relating to General 
Redemption Component []:] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Whether the [Notes / [Put / 
Call] Element / General 
Redemption 
Component] 
relate[s] to a basket of Fund 
Interests or a single Fund 
Interest, details relating to 
the Fund Interest(s), the 
identity of the relevant 
Fund(s) and (if applicable) 
the relevant weightings: 
[Basket of Fund Interests/Single Fund Interest] 
[[Insert type of Fund Interest]/The Fund [Interest is/Interests 
are] as specified in the Table below] 
 
[[Insert name of Fund]/[The issuer of [the/each] Fund 
Interest is the fund specified in the Table below] 
 
[Wi, the weighting, for each Fund Interest is as specified in 
the Table below/item 37(xi)(E) below]] 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[specify alternate valuation provisions/Reference Item 
Condition 6.4 (Definitions) applies] 
(iii) 
Initial Price: 
[[]/As specified in the Table below/Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Potential 
Adjustment 
Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [in respect of each Fund 
Interest] 
(v) 
Extraordinary Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [in respect of each Fund 
Interest] 
(vi) 
Correction of NAV: 
Correction of NAV [applies/does not apply and any relevant 
amount shall be calculated without regard to any 
subsequently published correction] 
 
(If Correction of NAVs does not apply, delete the following 
sub paragraph) 
[Correction Cut-Off Date: 
[In relation to a Relevant Determination Date, [] Business 
Days after such Relevant Determination Date]]

--- Page 556 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-333 
 
 
(vii) 
Additional 
Fund-Linked 
Provisions: 
(Complete prompts (A)-(X) opposite and when completing if 
applicable include the wording: “in respect of [all] Fund 
Interest[s] ([specify number(s)] shown in the Table below]”)) 
(A) 
Cut-off Period: 
[ Scheduled Redemption Valuation Dates/insert other] 
(B) 
Deemed 
Payout 
Method: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(C) 
Extraordinary 
Dividend: 
[insert/Reference Item Condition 6.5 applies] 
(D) 
Extraordinary 
Fund Events: 
[Fund Insolvency Event [for which purpose [each of][] are 
specified as a Fund Insolvency Entity/NAV Trigger 
Event/Adviser 
Resignation 
Event/Reporting 
Disruption]]/[Additional Extraordinary Fund Event] 
(E) 
Final Cut-off Date: 
[insert if applicable] 
(F) 
Fund 
Administrator: 
[insert/Reference Item Condition 6.5 applies] 
(G) 
Fund Adviser: 
[insert details] 
(H) 
Fund 
Business 
Day: 
[insert/Reference Item Condition 6.5 applies] 
(I) 
Fund 
Disruption 
Event: 
[insert/Reference Item Condition 6.5 applies] 
(J) 
Additional 
Fund 
Documents: 
[insert if applicable] 
(K) 
Fund Interest Unit: 
[insert] 
(L) 
Fund 
Service 
Provider: 
[insert if applicable] 
(M) 
Hypothetical 
Investor: 
[insert/Reference Item Condition 6.5 applies] 
(N) 
Hypothetical 
Investor 
Jurisdiction: 
[insert/Reference Item Condition 6.5 applies] 
(O) 
Redemption 
Notice Date: 
[insert/Reference Item Condition 6.5 applies] 
(P) 
Redemption 
Proceeds: 
[The Hypothetical Investor will be deemed to have elected 
[non-]cash payment/Reference Item Condition 6.5 applies] 
(Q) 
Reference Fund: 
[insert/Reference Item Condition 6.5 applies]

--- Page 557 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-334 
 
 
(R) 
Reference 
Fund 
Subscription Date: 
[insert/Reference Item Condition 6.5 applies] 
(S) 
Relevant Price: 
[insert/Reference Item Condition 6.5 applies] 
(T) 
Reported 
Value 
Method: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable][and where the Reported Value 
Convention is [Prior Redemption Valuation Date][Prior 
Fund Valuation Date][Last Reported Value][Following 
Fund Valuation Date][Following Redemption Valuation 
Date]] 
(U) 
Scheduled 
Redemption 
Payment Date: 
[insert/Reference Item Condition 6.5 applies] 
(V) 
Scheduled 
Redemption 
Valuation Date: 
[insert/Reference Item Condition 6.5 applies] 
(W) 
Subscription 
Notice Date: 
[insert/Reference Item Condition 6.5 applies] 
(X) 
Valuation Time: 
[insert/Reference Item Condition 6.5 applies] 
 
TABLE 
i 
Fund 
Interest 
Fund 
[Fund Business Day Centres 
[Initial Price 
[Wi 
1 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
… [] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
n 
[] 
[] 
[]] 
[]] 
[]] 
20. 
Currency-Linked Provisions 
[Not Applicable] / [Applicable [in respect of FX Interest 
Conversion] [only] [and] [in respect of FX Principal 
Conversion] [only] [and] [in respect of FX Option 
Conversion] [only] [and] [in respect of the Variable Rate 
Note Provisions] [only] [and] [in respect of the Reference 
Item-Linked Redemption Provisions] [only]] 
 
(Specify for the Reference Item(s) and/or repeat for each of 
FX Interest Conversion, FX Principal Conversion and FX 
Option Conversion, as applicable) 
 
[FX [Interest/Principal/Option] Conversion applies as 
specified in item 37 below and the provisions of Schedule 7 
(Currency Linked Notes) shall apply for the determination of 
the [Interest/Principal/Option] FX Rate]

--- Page 558 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-335 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(In relation to Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Redemption Amount (Booster), repeat the 
following sections as necessary for each of the Call Element and the Put Element) 
(In relation to General Redemption Amount, repeat the following sections as necessary for each 
General Redemption Component) 
[Reference Item(s) relating to the [Put/Call] Element:] [Reference Item(s) relating to General 
Redemption Component []:] 
(i) 
Whether the [Notes / [Put / 
Call] Element / General 
Redemption 
Component] 
relate[s] to a basket of FX 
Rates or a single FX Rate, 
the identity of the relevant 
Currency Pair(s), Subject 
Currency/Currencies 
and 
Base Currency/Currencies 
and (if applicable) the 
relevant weightings: 
[Basket of FX Rates/Single FX Rate] 
[The 
[Interest/Principal/Option] 
FX 
Rate 
shall 
be 
determined by reference to the Single FX Rate described 
below] 
[[Insert 
details 
of 
Currency 
Pair(s), 
Subject 
Currency/Currencies and Base Currency / Currencies]/The 
Currency Pair[s], Subject Currenc[y/ies] and Base 
Currenc[y/ies] are as specified in the Table below] 
[Wi, the weighting, for each FX Rate is as specified in [the 
Table below/item 37(xi)(E) below]]  
(ii) 
Initial Price: 
[[]/As specified in the Table below/Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Relevant FX Screen Page: 
[[]/As specified in the Table below] 
(iv) 
Valuation Time: 
[[]/As specified in the Table below] 
(v) 
Currency 
Business 
Day 
Centre(s): 
[[]/As specified in the Table below] 
(vi) 
Reference Price: 
Cross-rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [As specified 
in the Table below] 
 
[Specify for each Cross-rate: The Reference Price is [the 
[product/quotient] of] [(i) the [product/quotient] of] [the 
inverse of] [insert Relevant Currency Pair] [(as numerator)] 
[and] [(ii)] [the inverse of] [insert Relevant Currency Pair] 
[(as [numerator/denominator])] [and] [(ii/iii)] [the inverse 
of] [insert Relevant Currency Pair] [as denominator]] 
TABLE 
(Specify for each Currency Pair which is not part of a Cross-rate) 
[i 
Cross-
rate 
Currency 
Pair 
Subject 
Currency 
Base 
Currency 
Relevant 
FX Screen 
Page 
Valuation Time 
Currency 
Business Day 
Centre(s)  
[Initial 
Price 
[Wi

--- Page 559 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-336 
 
 
1 
Not 
Applicable 
[]/[] 
[] 
[] 
[] [] 
[] ([] time) 
[] [] 
[] 
[] 
… 
Not 
Applicable 
[]/[] 
[] 
[] 
[] [] 
[] ([] time) 
[] [] 
[] 
[] 
[n/
…
] 
Not 
Applicable 
[]/[] 
[] 
[] 
[] [] 
[] ([] time) 
[] [] 
[]] 
[]]] 
(Specify for each Cross-rate) 
[i 
Cross-
rate 
Relevant 
Currency 
Pairs 
comprising 
Cross-rate 
Subject 
Currency 
Base 
Currency 
Relevant FX 
Screen Page 
Valuation 
Time 
Currency 
Business 
Day 
Centre(s) 
[Initial 
Price 
[Wi 
[1/
…
] 
Applicabl
e 
[]/[] 
[] 
[] 
[] [] 
[] ([] time) 
[] [] 
[] 
[] 
 
 
[]/[] 
[] 
[] 
[] [] 
[] ([] time) 
[] [] 
 
 
 
 
[]/[] 
[] 
[] 
[] [] 
[] ([] time) 
[] [] 
 
 
… 
Applicabl
e 
[]/[] 
[] 
[] 
[] [] 
[] ([] time) 
[] [] 
[] 
[] 
 
 
[]/[] 
[] 
[] 
[] [] 
[] ([] time) 
[] [] 
 
 
 
 
[]/[] 
[] 
[] 
[] [] 
[] ([] time) 
[] [] 
 
 
n 
Applicabl
e 
[]/[] 
[] 
[] 
[] [] 
[] ([] time) 
[] [] 
[]] 
[]]] 
 
 
[]/[] 
[] 
[] 
[] [] 
[] ([] time) 
[] [] 
 
 
 
 
[]/[] 
[] 
[] 
[] [] 
[] ([] time) 
[] [] 
 
 
 
21. 
Commodity-Linked Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [in respect of the Variable Rate 
Note Provisions] [only] [and] [in respect of the Reference 
Item-Linked Redemption Provisions] [only] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(In relation to Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Redemption Amount (Booster), repeat the 
following sections as necessary for each of the Call Element and the Put Element) 
(In relation to General Redemption Amount, repeat the following sections as necessary for each 
General Redemption Component)

--- Page 560 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-337 
 
 
[Reference Item(s) relating to the [Put/Call] Element:] [Reference Item(s) relating to General 
Redemption Component []:] 
(i) 
Whether the [Notes / [Put / 
Call] Element / General 
Redemption 
Component] 
relate[s] to a basket of 
Commodities or a single 
Commodity, the identity of 
the 
relevant 
Commodity/Commodities, 
whether 
any 
such 
Commodity is a Bullion 
Commodity 
or 
a 
Commodity Index and (if 
applicable) 
the 
relevant 
weightings: 
[Basket of Commodities/Single Commodity] 
[[Insert 
type 
of 
Commodity]/The 
[Commodity 
is/Commodities are] as specified in the Table below] 
[The Commodity is a [Bullion Commodity/Commodity 
Index]]/[[The/Each] Commodity is a Bullion Commodity 
[and/or a Commodity Index] if so specified in the Table 
below] 
[Wi, the weighting, for each Commodity is as specified in 
[the Table below/item 37(xi)(E) below]] 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[Specify alternate valuation provisions/Reference Item 
Condition 8.4 (Definitions) applies] 
(iii) 
Initial Price: 
[[]/As specified in the Table below/Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Commodity 
Reference 
Price: 
[[]/Commodity Reference Dealers; specify Reference 
Dealers at item 21(xvi) below/As specified in the Table 
below] 
Alternate Commodity 
Reference Price: 
[specify/Not Applicable/As specified in the Table below] 
(v) 
Specified Price: 
[high 
price][low 
price][average 
of 
high 
and 
low 
prices][closing 
price][opening 
price][bid 
price][asked 
price][average of bid and asked prices][settlement 
price][official settlement price][official price][morning 
fixing][afternoon fixing][spot price][other] [insert time, if 
applicable] [As specified in the Table below] 
(vi) 
Delivery Date: 
[date] [month and year] [[First/Second/Third/other] Nearby 
Month] [specify method] [As specified in the Table below] 
[Not Applicable] 
(vii) 
Unit: 
[[]/As specified in the Table below] 
(viii) 
Price Source: 
[[]/As specified in the Table below] 
(ix) 
Exchange(s): 
[[]/As specified in the Table below] 
(x) 
Commodity Business Day 
for Bullion Commodities: 
[Reference Item Condition 8.4 (Definitions) applies/specify 
other] 
(xi) 
Commodity Business Day 
Convention in respect of 
each Valuation Date: 
[Following/Modified 
Following/Modified/Nearest 
/Preceding]

--- Page 561 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-338 
 
 
(xii) 
Common Pricing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xiii) 
Option Pricing: 
[Applicable in respect of [[the/each] Valuation Date] / 
[[the/each] Initial Valuation Date ] [and] [[the/each] Final 
Valuation Date] [and] [each Initial Averaging Date] [and] 
[each Final Averaging Date] [and] [each Periodic Valuation 
Date] [and] [each Autocall Valuation Date] [and] [each 
Valuation Period Date]] [Not Applicable] 
(xiv) 
Market 
Disruption 
Event(s): 
[The following Market Disruption Events apply to the 
Notes: 
 
[Additional Market Disruption Event: specify]] 
 
[Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price] 
 
[Material Change in Content] 
 
[Material Change in Formula] 
 
[Price Source Disruption: specify Price Materiality 
Percentage at item 21(xviii) below (if applicable)] 
 
[Tax Disruption] 
 
[Trading Disruption: specify any additional futures/options 
contract or commodity] 
 
[Reference Item Condition 8.2(ii) (Deemed Market 
Disruption Events) applies] 
 
(NB: if Reference Item Condition 8.2(ii) (Deemed Market 
Disruption Events) applies, the Market Disruption Events 
specified in that Reference Item Condition will apply – this 
does NOT include Tax Disruption) 
(xv) 
Disruption Fallback(s): 
[The following Disruption Fallbacks apply to the Notes (in 
the following order): 
[Calculation Agent Determination] 
[Cancellation] 
[Delayed Publication or Announcement: specify Maximum 
Days of Disruption at item 21(xvii) below] 
[Fallback Reference Dealers: specify Reference Dealers at 
item 21(xvi) below] 
[Fallback Reference Price: specify alternate Commodity 
Reference Price at item 21(iv) above] 
[Postponement: specify Maximum Days of Disruption at 
item 21(xvii) below] 
[specify other]] 
(NB: Must be specified in the order in which they apply) 
[Reference Item Condition 8.2(v) (Deemed Disruption 
Fallbacks) applies] 
(NB: If Reference Item Condition 8.2(v) (Deemed Disruption 
Fallbacks) applies, the Disruption Fallbacks specified in 
that Reference Item Condition will apply)

--- Page 562 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-339 
 
 
(xvi) 
Reference Dealers: 
[Specify four dealers/Not Applicable] 
(For Bullion Commodities specify the principal London 
office of dealers that are members of the London Bullion 
Market Association) 
 
(N.B. Only applicable where Commodity Reference Dealers 
is specified as the Commodity Reference Price or Fallback 
Reference Dealers is specified as a Disruption Fallback) 
(xvii) Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[[]/Reference Item Condition 8.4 (Definitions) applies/Not 
Applicable) 
 
(NB: Only applicable where Delayed Publication or 
Announcement or Postponement are specified as a 
Disruption Fallback) 
(xviii) Price 
Materiality 
Percentage: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. Only relevant for Price Source Disruption, if 
applicable)  
(xix) 
Correction of Commodity 
Reference Prices: 
Correction of Commodity Reference Prices [applies/does 
not apply and any relevant amount shall be calculated 
without regard to any subsequently published correction] 
 
(If Correction of Commodity Reference Prices does not 
apply, delete the following sub paragraph) 
[Correction Cut-Off Date: 
[In relation to a Relevant Determination Date, [] Business 
Days after such Relevant Determination Date]] 
TABLE 
i 
Commodity 
[Bullion 
Commodity/ 
Commodity 
Index] 
Commodity 
Reference 
Price and Unit 
[Alternate 
Commodity 
Reference 
Price 
Specified Price 
[Delivery Date 
Price Source 
Exchange 
[Initial Price 
[Wi 
1 
[

] 
[Yes/ No] 
[[]/ 
Commodity 
Reference 
Dealers] per 
[] 
[] 
[high price] [low price] 
[average of high and 
low prices] [closing 
price] [opening price] 
[bid 
price] 
[asked 
price] [average of bid 
and 
asked 
prices] 
[settlement 
price] 
[official 
settlement 
price] [official price] 
[morning 
fixing] 
[afternoon fixing] [spot 
price] [other] [insert 
time, if applicable] 
[date] 
[month and 
year] 
[[First/Secon
d/Third/other
] Nearby 
Month] 
[specify 
method]] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[]

--- Page 563 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-340 
 
 
… 
[

] 
[Yes/No] 
… 
[] 
… 
… 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
n 
[

] 
[Yes/No] 
… 
[]] 
… 
…] 
[] 
[] 
[]] 
[]] 
 
22. 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)  
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Increased Cost of Stock 
Borrow: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If applicable, include the following) 
 
[The Initial Stock Loan Rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each Underlying Equity/Component Security] is: 
[]] 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in the case of Index-Linked Notes and 
Equity-Linked Notes) 
(v) 
Insolvency Filing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(N.B. Only applicable in the case of Equity-Linked Notes) 
(vi) 
Loss of Stock Borrow: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If applicable, include the following) 
 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each Underlying Equity/Component Security] is: 
[]] 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in the case of Index-Linked Notes and 
Equity-Linked Notes) 
23. 
Credit-Linked Provisions: 
[Applicable – the Notes are Credit-Linked Notes/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs of 
this paragraph)

--- Page 564 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-341 
 
 
(Credit-Linked Notes may not be (i) Variable Rate Notes 
(other than Range Accrual Notes), (ii) Reference Item-
Linked Interest Notes, (iii) Notes for which Autocall Early 
Redemption is specified as Applicable or (iv) Notes for 
which the Reference Item-Linked Redemption Amount is the 
Non-Protected 
Put 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Reverse 
Convertible), the Non-Protected Knock-in Put Redemption 
Amount (Reverse Convertible), the Non-Protected Knock-
in Put with Call Redemption Amount, the Non-Protected 
Knock-in Put with Call Spread Redemption Amount or the 
Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Redemption Amount 
(Booster)) 
(i) 
Settlement Method: 
[Auction Settlement/Cash Settlement/Zero/Set Recovery 
Notes] 
(ii) 
Type 
of 
Credit-Linked 
Notes: 
The Notes are [Single Reference Entity] [Portfolio Credit 
Linked Notes] [First-to-Default] [Nth to Default Credit 
Linked Notes [and the Relevant Number is [specify] (for 
Nth to Default Credit Linked Notes)]] 
(iii) 
Tranching: 
[Tranched/Non-Tranched] [Not Applicable] (N.B. specify 
as Not Applicable for all Notes other than Portfolio Credit 
Linked Notes)  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs of 
this sub-paragraph) 
(A) 
Attachment Point: 
[]% 
(B) 
Detachment Point: 
[]% 
(C) 
Recovered Principal 
Exposure: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(“Applicable” may only be specified for Tranched Portfolio 
Credit-Linked Notes) 
(iv) 
Credit Event Redemption 
Amount: 
[specify amount (NB only use for zero recovery that are not 
Portfolio Credit Linked Notes)] [As set out in Redemption 
Payout Condition 2.2] 
 
[Reference 
Item 
Linked 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(v) 
Credit Event Redemption 
Date: 
[Reference Item Condition 2.10 applies][[specify if other 
than three] Business Days] 
(vi) 
Maturity 
Credit 
Event 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify Applicable for Credit-Linked Notes which are also 
Zero Coupon Notes or for which the Final Redemption 
Amount is the Reference Item-Linked Redemption Amount) 
(Specify Not Applicable for Portfolio Credit Linked Notes)

--- Page 565 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-342 
 
 
(vii) 
Reference Entity(ies): 
[Each/The] entity specified as a Reference Entity in the 
table annexed hereto (Specify elections for each Reference 
Entity in a table in the form annexed hereto and repeat rows 
as necessary) 
(viii) 
Default Requirement: 
[insert amount in relevant currency] [Reference Item 
Condition 2.10 applies] 
(ix) 
Payment Requirement: 
[insert amount in relevant currency] [Reference Item 
Condition 2.10 applies] 
(x) 
Credit Event Determination 
Date: 
Notice of Publicly Available Information: [Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
Public Source(s): 
 
[specify] 
 
Specified Number: 
 
[specify]] 
(xi) 
Credit Event Backstop Date 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable – the Credit Exposure Start Date is []] [Not 
Applicable]  
(xii) 
Merger Event: 
Reference Item Condition 2.9 [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
 
Merger Event Redemption Date: 
[specify] 
 
Merger Event Redemption Amount: 
[specify]] 
(xiii) 
Unwind Costs: 
[Standard 
Unwind 
Costs/insert 
other 
amount/Not 
Applicable]  
(xiv) 
Provisions 
relating 
to 
Monoline 
Insurer 
as 
Reference Entity: 
Reference 
Item 
Condition 
2.13 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(xv) 
Provisions relating to LPN 
Reference Entities: 
Reference 
Item 
Condition 
2.15 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(xvi) 
Additional Interest Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [Overnight Rate: []] 
(xvii) Fixed Recovery Percentage: 
[[] per cent./Not Applicable] 
(xviii) Valuation Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[Single Valuation Date:  
 
[[] Business Days]] 
 
[Multiple Valuation Dates: 
 
[[] Business Days and each [] Business Days thereafter]

--- Page 566 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-343 
 
 
 
Number of Valuation Dates: []] 
(xix) 
Valuation Time: 
[[] [a.m./p.m.] [] time] / [Reference Item Condition 2.10 
applies] / [Not Applicable] 
(xx) 
Indicative Quotations: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xxi) 
Quotation Method: 
[Bid/Offer/Mid-market] / [Reference Item Condition 2.10 
applies] / [Not Applicable] 
(xxii) Quotation Amount: 
[insert currency and amount] / [Representative Amount] / 
[Reference Item Condition 2 applies] / [Not Applicable] 
(xxiii) Minimum 
Quotation 
Amount: 
[insert currency and amount] / [Reference Item Condition 
2.10 applies] / [Not Applicable] 
(xxiv) Quotation Dealers: 
[Specify] / [Not Applicable] 
(xxv) 
Quotations: 
[Include Accrued Interest/Exclude Accrued Interest] 
(xxvi) Valuation Method: 
[Market/Highest] 
 
[Average Market/Highest/Average Highest] [Reference 
Item Condition 2.10 applies] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
(xxvii) Calculation Agent City 
[specify] 
(xxviii) Business Day Convention: 
[Following/Modified Following/Preceding] 
(xxix) Successor Backstop Date: 
[Yes/No] 
(xxx) 
Limitation Dates subject to 
adjustment in accordance 
with 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Yes/No] 
(xxxi) Valuation Obligation 
Observation 
Settlement 
Period: 
[[specify] Business Days] [Not Applicable] / [Reference 
Item Condition 2.10 applies] 
(xxxii) Accrued Interest: 
[Include Accrued Interest] [Exclude Accrued Interest] [Not 
Applicable] 
(xxxiii) Settlement Currency: 
[specify] [Not Applicable] 
(xxxiv) Financial Reference Entity 
Terms: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xxxv) Sovereign No Asset Package 
Delivery: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 567 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-344 
 
 
(xxxvi) 2019 
Narrowly 
Tailored 
Credit Event Provisions: 
Reference 
Item 
Condition 
2.19: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
[Fallback Discounting: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Credit 
Deterioration 
Requirement: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
(xxxvii) Reference Obligation Only 
Termination Amount: 
[specify] [Not Applicable] (N.B. to be specified for the 
purposes of Reference Item Condition 2.17 for Reference 
Obligation Only Notes relating to a single Reference Entity) 
(xxxviii) 
Subordinated 
European Insurance Terms: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xxxix) Provisions relating to Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Reference 
Obligations: 
Reference 
Item 
Condition 
2.20: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
24. 
FX Interest Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(ii) 
Interest valuation Provisions 
for FX Interest Conversion: 
 
(A) 
Initial valuation to 
determine Reference 
Item 
Initiali 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
Interest FX Rate: 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable and/or an Initial Price is specified for the 
FX Rate above, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph. If applicable, include whichever provisions 
apply and delete the remaining alternatives) 
Initial 
Valuation 
Date: 
[] 
Initial 
Averaging 
Dates: 
As set out in the table below: 
 
t 
Initial Averaging Dates 
 
 
1 
[] 
 
 
… 
[] 
 
 
y 
[]

--- Page 568 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-345 
 
 
(B) 
Valuation 
to 
determine FX(IP) in 
respect of the Interest 
FX Rate: 
 
Interest FX 
Determination Dates: 
In respect of an Interest Period and the related Interest 
[Period/Payment] Date, [the [] Currency Business Day 
prior to such Interest [Period/Payment] Date/the date 
specified for such Interest [Period/Payment] Date in the 
table below: 
 
t 
Interest 
[Period/Payment] 
Date 
Interest FX Determination 
Dates 
 
1 
[] 
[] 
 
… 
[] 
[] 
 
y 
[] 
[] 
 
(Specify for each Interest Period)] 
25. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable [in respect of the Interest Period[s] falling 
during the period from ([and including/but excluding]) 
[] to (([and including/but excluding])) []]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[[] per cent. [per annum] (Include only if “Accrual” is 
specified as Applicable below) [payable [annually / semi-
annually / quarterly / monthly] in arrear]]  
(ii) 
Interest Period Date(s): 
[] in each year (Amend appropriately in the case of 
irregular coupons) 
(iii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[Each Interest Period Date] / [[] in each year (Amend 
appropriately in the case of irregular coupons)] 
 
[Accumulated Interest:  Applicable.  The Interest 
Payment Date is [[]/the Maturity Date]] 
(iv) 
[Accrual: 
Not Applicable  
(A) 
Interest Amount[(s)]: 
The Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of an Interest 
Period shall be [[] per Calculation Amount [(subject as 
provided in the Conditions)]] / [the amount set out for 
such Interest Period in the Table below:  
 
TABLE 
 
Interest Period ending on 
or about: 
Fixed Coupon Amount

--- Page 569 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-346 
 
 
 
[] 
[] 
 
[] 
[]]] 
 
(Specify for each Interest Period) 
 
[specify other] 
 
(Delete if interest will accrue over a period of time)  
(v) 
[Accrual: 
Applicable 
(A) 
Day Count Fraction:  
[30/360 / Actual/Actual ([ICMA]/[ISDA]) / 1  / specify 
other]] 
 
(Delete if interest will not accrue and bullet coupons will 
be payable)  
(vi) 
Other terms relating to the 
method of calculating interest 
for Fixed Rate Notes: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
26. 
Variable Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable[. Interest will accrue on the basis specified 
below for the Interest Period[s] specified below] [in 
respect of the Interest Period[s] falling during the period 
from ([and including/but excluding]) [] to (([and 
including/but excluding])) []]/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Type of Variable Rate Notes: 
The Notes are: [[Capped / Floored / Collared / Reverse] 
Floating Rate Notes / Steepener Notes / Snowball Notes 
/ Range Accrual Notes / Binary Rate Notes / Inflation 
Adjusted Interest Notes] 
[Accumulated 
Interest: 
Applicable. 
The 
Interest 
Payment Date is [[]/the Maturity Date]] 
(ii) 
Specified Period: 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
(Specified Period and Interest Payment Dates are 
alternatives.  A Specified Period, rather than Interest 
Payment Dates, will only be relevant if the Business Day 
Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention.  Otherwise, 
insert “Not Applicable”) 
(iii) 
Interest Period Date(s): 
[Not Applicable] / [[][, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention specified 
in item 42 below][No Adjustment] 
 
(Specified Period and Interest Period Dates are 
alternatives.  If the Business Day Convention is the FRN

--- Page 570 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-347 
 
 
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention, insert “Not Applicable”) 
(iv) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[Each Interest Period Date] / [[][, subject to adjustment 
in accordance with the Business Day Convention 
specified in item 42 below][No Adjustment]] 
[Accumulated 
Interest: 
Applicable. 
The 
Interest 
Payment Date is [[]/the Maturity Date] [, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention specified in item 39 below/No Adjustment]] 
(v) 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[[] [[Business Days/[] days] prior to] [the [relevant] 
Interest [Payment/Period] Date [falling at the end of each 
Interest Period]/the first day of each Interest Period]/the 
second TARGET Settlement Day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period] / [As defined in Reference Item 
Condition 3.3 (Definitions)] / [As defined in Interest 
Payout Condition 2.2(viii) (Range Accrual Notes)] / [As 
defined in Interest Payout Condition 2.3 (Definitions 
applicable to Variable Rate Notes)] 
(vi) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Underlying Rate for the 
[long/short] [first/last[]] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period)] 
(vii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365 / Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360] 
 
[30E/360 / Eurobond basis] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
[1] 
 
(See Interest Payout Condition 7 (General Definitions 
relating to Interest) for alternatives) 
(viii) 
Fall back provisions, rounding 
provisions, denominator and 
any other terms relating to the 
method of calculating interest 
on Floating Rate Notes, if 
different from those set out in 
the Conditions: 
[Specify] 
27. 
Provisions for specific types of 
Variable Rate Notes 
[Applicable[. Interest will accrue on the basis specified 
below for the Interest Period[s] specified below]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)

--- Page 571 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-348 
 
 
(i) 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable [in respect of the Interest Period[s] falling 
during the period from ([and including/but excluding]) 
[] to (([and including/but excluding])) []]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(N.B. Only an Underlying Rate or an Inflation Index may 
be specified as the Reference Item for Floating Rate 
Notes) 
(A) 
Leverage: 
[[] per cent.] / [Not Applicable] / [In respect of an 
Interest Period, the percentage specified for such Interest 
Period in the Table below] 
(B) 
Margin: 
[[] per cent.] / [Not Applicable] / [In respect of an 
Interest Period, the percentage specified for such Interest 
Period in the Table below] 
 
[TABLE 
 
Interest Period 
ending on or 
about: 
[Leverage 
[Margin 
 
[] 
[]% 
[]% 
 
[] 
[]%] 
[]%] 
 
(Specify for each Interest Period)] 
(ii) 
Capped Floating Rate Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable [in respect of the Interest Period[s] falling 
during the period from ([and including/but excluding]) 
[] to (([and including/but excluding])) []]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(N.B. Only an Underlying Rate or an Inflation Index may 
be specified as the Reference Item for Capped Floating 
Rate Notes) 
(A) 
Cap: 
[[] per cent.] / [In respect of an Interest Period, the 
percentage specified for such Interest Period in the Table 
below] 
(B) 
Leverage: 
[[] per cent.] / [Not Applicable] / [In respect of an 
Interest Period, the percentage specified for such Interest 
Period in the Table below]

--- Page 572 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-349 
 
 
(C) 
Margin: 
[[] per cent.] / [Not Applicable] / [In respect of an 
Interest Period, the percentage specified for such Interest 
Period in the Table below] 
 
[TABLE 
 
Interest 
Period 
ending on 
or about: 
[Cap 
[Leverage 
[Margin 
 
[] 
[]% 
[]% 
[]% 
 
[] 
[]%] 
[]%] 
[]%] 
 
(Specify for each Interest Period)] 
(iii) 
Floored Floating Rate Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable [in respect of the Interest Period[s] falling 
during the period from ([and including/but excluding]) 
[] to (([and including/but excluding])) []]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(N.B. Only an Underlying Rate or an Inflation Index may 
be specified as the Reference Item for Floored Floating 
Rate Notes) 
(A) 
Floor: 
[[] per cent.] / [In respect of an Interest Period, the 
percentage specified for such Interest Period in the Table 
below] 
(B) 
Leverage: 
[[] per cent.] / [Not Applicable] / [In respect of an 
Interest Period, the percentage specified for such Interest 
Period in the Table below] 
(C) 
Margin: 
[[] per cent.] / [Not Applicable] / [In respect of an 
Interest Period, the percentage specified for such Interest 
Period in the Table below] 
 
[TABLE 
 
Interest 
Period ending 
on or about: 
Floor 
[Leverage 
[Margin 
 
[] 
[]% 
[]% 
[]% 
 
[] 
[]% 
[]%] 
[]%] 
 
(Specify for each Interest Period)]

--- Page 573 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-350 
 
 
(iv) 
Collared Floating Rate Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable [in respect of the Interest Period[s] falling 
during the period from ([and including/but excluding]) 
[] to (([and including/but excluding])) []]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(N.B. Only an Underlying Rate or an Inflation Index may 
be specified as the Reference Item for Collared Floating 
Rate Notes) 
(A) 
Cap: 
[[] per cent.] / [In respect of an Interest Period, the 
percentage specified for such Interest Period in the Table 
below] 
(B) 
Floor: 
[[] per cent.] / [In respect of an Interest Period, the 
percentage specified for such Interest Period in the Table 
below] 
(C) 
Leverage: 
[[] per cent.] / [Not Applicable] / [In respect of an 
Interest Period, the percentage specified for such Interest 
Period in the Table below] 
(D) 
Margin: 
[[] per cent.] / [Not Applicable] / [In respect of an 
Interest Period, the percentage specified for such Interest 
Period in the Table below] 
 
[TABLE 
 
Interest 
Period ending 
on or about: 
[Cap 
[Floor 
[Leverage 
[Margin 
 
[] 
[]% 
[]% 
[]% 
[]% 
 
[] 
[]%] 
[]%] 
[]%] 
[]%] 
 
 
 
(Specify for each Interest Period)] 
(v) 
Reverse Floating Rate Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable [in respect of the Interest Period[s] falling 
during the period from ([and including/but excluding]) 
[] to (([and including/but excluding])) []]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(N.B. Only an Underlying Rate or an Inflation Index may 
be specified as the Reference Item for Reverse Floating 
Rate Notes)

--- Page 574 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-351 
 
 
(A) 
Cap: 
[[] per cent.] / [Not Applicable] / [In respect of an 
Interest Period, the percentage specified for such Interest 
Period in the Table below] 
(B) 
Floor: 
[[] per cent.] / [Not Applicable] / [In respect of an 
Interest Period, the percentage specified for such Interest 
Period in the Table below] 
(C) 
Leverage: 
[[] per cent.] / [Not Applicable] / [In respect of an 
Interest Period, the percentage specified for such Interest 
Period in the Table below] 
(D) 
Specified Rate: 
[[] per cent.] / [In respect of an Interest Period, the 
percentage specified for such Interest Period in the Table 
below] 
 
[TABLE 
 
Interest 
Period 
ending on 
or about: 
[Cap 
[Floor 
[Leverage 
[Specified 
Rate 
 
[] 
[]% 
[]% 
[]% 
[]% 
 
[] 
[]%] 
[]%] 
[]%] 
[]%] 
 
(Specify for each Interest Period)] 
(vi) 
Steepener Note Provisions: 
[Applicable [in respect of the Interest Period[s] falling 
during the period from ([and including/but excluding]) 
[] to (([and including/but excluding])) []]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(N.B. Only an Underlying Rate or an Inflation Index may 
be specified as the Reference Item for Steepener Notes) 
(A) 
Cap: 
[[] per cent.] / [Not Applicable] / [In respect of an 
Interest Period, the percentage specified for such Interest 
Period in the Table below] 
(B) 
Floor: 
[[] per cent.] / [Not Applicable] / [In respect of an 
Interest Period, the percentage specified for such Interest 
Period in the Table below] 
(C) 
Leverage: 
[[] per cent.] / [Not Applicable] / [In respect of an 
Interest Period, the percentage specified for such Interest 
Period in the Table below]

--- Page 575 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-352 
 
 
(D) 
Strike Rate: 
[[] per cent.] / [In respect of an Interest Period, the 
percentage specified for such Interest Period in the Table 
below] 
 
[TABLE 
 
Interest 
Period 
ending 
on 
or about: 
[Strike 
Rate 
[Leverage 
[Cap 
[Floor 
 
[] 
[]% 
[]% 
[]% 
[]% 
 
[] 
[]%] 
[]%] 
[]%] 
[]%] 
 
(Specify for each Interest Period)] 
(vii) 
Snowball Note Provisions: 
[Applicable [in respect of the Interest Period[s] falling 
during the period from ([and including/but excluding]) 
[] to (([and including/but excluding])) []]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(N.B. Only an Underlying Rate or an Inflation Index may 
be specified as the Reference Item for Snowball Notes) 
(A) 
Cap: 
[[] per cent.] / [Not Applicable] / [In respect of an 
Interest Period, the percentage specified for such Interest 
Period in the Table below] 
(B) 
Floor: 
[[] per cent.] / [Not Applicable] / [In respect of an 
Interest Period, the percentage specified for such Interest 
Period in the Table below] 
(C) 
Leverage: 
[[] per cent.] / [Not Applicable] / [In respect of an 
Interest Period, the percentage specified for such Interest 
Period in the Table below] 
(D) 
Snowball Amountt: 
[[] per cent.] / [In respect of an Interest Period, the 
percentage specified for such Interest Period in the Table 
below] 
(E) 
Rate of Interestt=0: 
[[] per cent. [per annum]] / [Zero] 
 
[TABLE 
 
Interest 
Period 
ending on 
or about: 
[Snowball 
Amountt 
[Cap 
[Floor 
[Leverage 
 
[] 
[]% 
[]% 
[]% 
[]%

--- Page 576 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-353 
 
 
 
[] 
[]%] 
[]%] 
[]%] 
[]%] 
 
(Specify for each Interest Period)] 
(viii) 
Range 
Accrual 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable [in respect of the Interest Period[s] falling 
during the period from ([and including/but excluding]) 
[] to (([and including/but excluding])) []]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(N.B. The Reference Item for Range Accrual Notes may 
be an Underlying Rate, an Inflation Index, an Index, an 
Underlying Equity, a Fund Interest, an FX Rate or a 
Commodity) 
(A) 
Specified Rate 1: 
[[] per cent. per annum] / [In respect of an Interest 
Period, the rate specified for such Interest Period in the 
Table below] 
(B) 
Specified Rate 2: 
[[] per cent. per annum] / [Zero] / [In respect of an 
Interest Period, the rate specified for such Interest Period 
in the Table below] 
(C) 
Upper Barrier(s): 
[[] per cent.] / [In respect of an Interest Period, the 
percentage specified for such Interest Period in the Table 
below] 
(D) 
Lower Barrier(s): 
[[] per cent.] / [In respect of an Interest Period, the 
percentage specified for such Interest Period in the Table 
below] 
 
[TABLE 
 
Interest 
Period 
ending on 
or about: 
[Specified 
Rate 1 
[Specified 
Rate 2 
[Lower 
Barrier 
[Upper 
Barrier 
 
[] 
[]% 
[]% 
[]% 
[]% 
 
[] 
[]%] 
[]%] 
[]%] 
[]%] 
 
(Specify for each Interest Period)] 
(E) 
Interest 
Observation 
Date: 
Each [calendar day/Business Day/[]] during the 
Interest Accrual Period 
(F) 
Range Accrual Cut-off 
Date: 
[Not Applicable] / [In respect of an Interest Period, 
[]Business Days immediately preceding the Interest 
Period Date falling at the end of such Interest Period] / 
[]

--- Page 577 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-354 
 
 
(ix) 
Binary Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable [in respect of the Interest Period[s] falling 
during the period from ([and including/but excluding]) 
[] to (([and including/but excluding])) []]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(N.B. Only an Underlying Rate or an Inflation Index may 
be specified as the Reference Item for Binary Rate Notes) 
(A) 
Specified Rate 1: 
[[] per cent. per annum] / [In respect of an Interest 
Period, the rate specified for such Interest Period in the 
Table below] 
(B) 
Specified Rate 2: 
[[] per cent. per annum] / [In respect of an Interest 
Period, the rate specified for such Interest Period in the 
Table below] 
(C) 
Lower Barrier: 
[[] per cent.] / [In respect of an Interest Period, the 
percentage specified for such Interest Period in the Table 
below] 
(D) 
Upper Barrier: 
[[] per cent.] / [In respect of an Interest Period, the 
percentage specified for such Interest Period in the Table 
below] 
 
[TABLE 
 
Interest 
Period 
ending 
on 
or 
about: 
[Binary 
Rate 1 
[Binary Rate 
2 
[Lower 
Barrier 
[Upper 
Barrier 
 
[] 
[]% 
[]% 
[]% 
[]% 
 
[] 
[]%] 
[]%] 
[]%] 
[]%] 
 
(Specify for each Interest Period)] 
(x) 
Inflation Adjusted Interest Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable [in respect of the Interest Period[s] falling 
during the period from [(and including/but excluding)] 
[] to [(and including/but excluding)] []]] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(N.B. Only an Inflation Index may be specified as the 
Reference Item for Inflation Adjusted Interest Notes)

--- Page 578 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-355 
 
 
(A) 
Specified Rate: 
[[] per cent. per annum/In respect of an Interest Period, 
the percentage specified for such Interest Period in the 
Table below] 
 
[TABLE 
 
Interest Period ending on or about: 
Specified Rate 
 
[] 
[] 
 
[] 
[] 
 
(Specify for each Interest Period)] 
28. 
Reference 
Item-Linked 
Interest 
Provisions 
[Applicable [in respect of the Interest Period[s] falling 
during the period from ([and including/but excluding]) 
[] to (([and including/but excluding])) []].  The Notes 
are [Inflation / Index / Equity / Fund / Currency / 
Commodity]-Linked Interest Notes] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(N.B. The Reference Item(s) for the Reference Item-
Linked Interest Provisions may be one or more Indices, 
Underlying Equities or FX Rates) 
(i) 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
and/or 
formula for calculating Interest 
Amount(s): 
The Reference Item-Linked Interest Amount is: 
[Autocall Interest Amount] 
[Specify formula for calculating Rate of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount] 
(ii) 
Autocall Interest Amount: 
Applicable: Interest Payout Condition 3.3 (Autocall 
Interest Amount) applies 
 
Relevant 
Interest 
Amount: 
[Bullet/Memory/Cumulative/Bonus] 
Interest: 
Applicable 
 
[Autocall Strike: 
[[]/In respect of an Interest 
Determination Date, the percentage 
specified 
for 
such 
Interest 
Determination Date in the Table 
below] 
 
Nth Performance: 
[Applicable, 
where: 
N 
= 
[][st/nd/th] 
[highest/lowest]/Not Applicable] 
 
Specified Rate: 
[[]%]/[In respect of an Interest Determination Date, the 
percentage specified for such Interest Determination 
Date in the Table below]

--- Page 579 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-356 
 
 
 
Interest Barrier: 
[[]%]/[In respect of an Interest Determination Date, the 
percentage specified for such Interest Determination 
Date in the Table below] 
 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[[] in each year (Amend appropriately in the case of 
irregular coupons)/The Interest Payment Date[s] shall 
be as specified in item 28(iv) below] 
 
Interest 
Determinatio
n Dates 
[Autocall 
Strike 
Specified Rate 
Interest 
Barrier 
 
[] 
[] 
[]% 
[] 
 
[] 
[]] 
[]% 
[] 
 
(Specify for each Interest Period) 
(iii) 
Autocall Multi Barrier Interest 
Note Provisions: 
[Applicable: Interest Payout Condition 3.4 (Autocall 
Multi Barrier Interest Amount) applies/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
Barrier Interval (m): 
In respect of an Interest Determination Date, each 
interval from (and including) the Starting Barrier Interval 
Point to (but excluding) the Ending Barrier Interval Point 
specified for such Interest Determination Date in the 
Table below 
 
Relevant 
Interest 
Amount: 
In respect of an Interest Determination Date and a Barrier 
Interval as specified in the Table below 
 
[Autocall Strike: 
[[]%/In respect of an Interest 
Determination Date and a Barrier 
Interval, the percentage specified for 
such Interest Determination Date 
and Barrier Interval in the Table 
below]] 
 
[PRm: 
[[]%/In respect of an Interest 
Determination Date and Barrier 
Interval, the percentage specified for 
such Interest Determination Date 
and Barrier Interval in the Table 
below]] 
 
Nth Performance: 
[Applicable, where: N = [][st/nd/th][highest/lowest] 
/Not Applicable] 
 
Specified Ratem: 
[[]%/In respect of an Interest Determination Date and 
Barrier Interval, the percentage specified for such

--- Page 580 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-357 
 
 
Interest Determination Date and Barrier Interval in the 
Table below] 
 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates: 
[[] in each year (Amend appropriately in the case of 
irregular coupons)/The Interest Payment Date[s] shall be 
as specified in item 28(iv) below] 
TABLE 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date 
Barrier Interval 
Number(m) 
Starting 
Barrier Interval 
Point 
Ending Barrier 
Interval Point 
[Autocall 
Strikem 
[Specified 
Ratem 
[PRm 
Relevant 
Interest 
Amount 
 
[] 
[] 
[]% 
[]% 
[] 
[]% 
[]% 
[Bullet/ 
Memory/ 
Cumulative/  
Bonus] 
Interest 
 
 
[] 
[]% 
[[]%/ Not 
Applicable] 
[]] 
[]%] 
[]%] 
[Bullet/ 
Memory/ 
Cumulative/  
Bonus] 
Interest 
(Specify for each Interest Period) 
(iv) 
Interest valuation provisions for 
Autocall Interest Amount: 
 
(A) 
Initial 
valuation 
to 
determine 
Reference 
Item Initiali: 
[Applicable [- see item [34(iv)/38(i)] below]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable and/or an Initial Price is specified for 
each Reference Item above and/or the initial valuation 
provisions are set out elsewhere below, delete the 
remaining sub–paragraphs of this paragraph.  If 
applicable, include whichever provisions apply and 
delete the remaining alternatives) 
Initial Valuation Date: 
[] 
Initial 
Averaging 
Dates: 
As set out in the table below: 
 
t 
Initial Averaging Dates 
 
1 
[] 
 
… 
[] 
 
y 
[]

--- Page 581 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-358 
 
 
Initial 
Valuation 
Period: 
The Initial Valuation Period is the period from ([but 
excluding/and including]) [] to ([and including/but 
excluding]) [] 
Valuation Period Dates 
for the Initial Valuation 
Period: 
[Each [][, [] and []] [falling during the Initial 
Valuation Period]] [The definition set out in the 
Reference Item Conditions applies] 
 
Look-Back: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[[Highest/Lowest] applies for the purposes of the 
definition of Reference Item Initiali] 
Adjustment provisions: In the event of a [Disrupted Day/Market Disruption 
Event]: 
 
[Omission / Postponement / Modified Postponement] 
applies 
 
(N.B. Adjustment not relevant where the Reference 
Item(s) are one or more Inflation Indices or FX Rates) 
(B) 
Interest valuation to 
determine 
Reference 
Pricet, i: 
Applicable 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[The Interest Determination Date[s] (t) are as set out in 
the table below: 
 
[TABLE 
 
t 
Interest Determination Dates 
Interest Payment 
Dates 
 
1 
[] 
[] 
 
… 
[] 
[] 
 
y 
[] 
[[]/Maturity Date] 
 
(Specify for each Interest Period) 
Adjustment provisions: 
In the event of a [Disrupted Day/Market Disruption 
Event]: 
 
(N.B. Adjustment not relevant where the Reference 
Item(s) are one or more FX Rates) 
 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement]] 
(v) 
Interest valuation provisions for 
determinations other than for 
Autocall Interest Amount:

--- Page 582 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-359 
 
 
 
Minimum 
Rate/Amount 
of 
Interest:  
[[] per cent. per annum/[]/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Rate/Amount 
of 
Interest:  
[[] per cent. per annum/[]/Not Applicable] 
 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[[], [] … and [] [As specified for an Interest 
Valuation Date (t) below] [As specified for the relevant 
Interest Averaging Dates (t) below] [[, in each case], 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention specified in item 37 below] 
 
Initial 
Valuation 
to 
determine 
Reference 
Item Initiali: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable and/or an Initial Price is specified for 
each Reference Item above, delete the remaining sub–
paragraphs of this paragraph. If applicable, include 
whichever provisions apply and delete the remaining 
alternatives) 
Initial Valuation Date: 
[] 
Initial 
Averaging 
Dates: 
As set out in the table below 
 
t 
Initial Averaging Dates 
 
1 
[] 
 
… 
[] 
 
y 
[] 
 
Initial Valuation Period: The period from (but excluding) 
[] to (and including) [] and [Highest/Lowest] shall 
apply for the purposes of the definition of Reference Item 
Initiali 
 
Adjustment provisions: in the event of a [Disrupted Day/Market Disruption 
Event]:  
 
[Omission / Postponement / Modified Postponement] 
applies 
 
Initial 
Valuation 
Period: 
The Initial Valuation Period is the period from (but 
excluding) [] to (and including) [] 
 
Look-Back: [Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 583 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-360 
 
 
 
[[Highest/Lowest] applies for the purposes of the 
definition of Reference Item Initiali] 
 
Interest Valuation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this paragraph. If applicable, include whichever 
provisions apply and delete the remaining alternatives) 
Interest 
Valuation 
Dates: 
[[], [] … []/As set out in the table below] 
 
[For the purposes thereof, “y” means []] 
 
[t 
Interest Valuation Dates 
[Interest Payment Dates 
 
1 
[] 
[] 
 
… 
[] 
[] 
 
y] 
[] 
[]] 
Interest 
Averaging 
Dates (t): 
As set out in the table below 
 
[For the purposes thereof, “y” means []] 
 
[t 
Interest Averaging Dates 
[Interest Payment Dates 
 
1 
[] 
[] 
 
… 
[] 
 
 
y] 
[] 
 
 
[1 
[] 
[]] 
 
… 
[] 
 
 
y] 
[] 
 
Adjustment provisions: In the event of a [Disrupted Day/Market Disruption 
Event]:  
 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] 
applies 
 
Other 
valuation 
provisions: 
[specify] 
 
Exchange Rate: 
[Applicable (give details)/Not Applicable] 
29. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 584 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-361 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[] 
(iii) 
Any other formula/basis for 
determining amount payable 
for Zero Coupon Notes which 
are Exempt Notes: 
[specify] 
(iv) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] [Actual/360] [Actual/Actual] 
30. 
Credit-Linked Interest Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Accrual of Interest upon Credit 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(Specify “Applicable” only where the Credit Event 
Observation Dates are specified to be each Interest 
Payment Date or each Interest Period Date below) 
 
(Specify “Not Applicable” where the Notes are Range 
Accrual Notes or where the Notes are Fixed Amount 
Notes)  
(ii) 
Portfolio 
Linked 
Interest 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable /Not Applicable] 
 
(Only applicable in relation to interest bearing Portfolio 
Credit-Linked Notes) 
(iii) 
Credit 
Event 
Observation 
Dates: 
[[] [Business Days] prior to the relevant Interest 
[Payment/Period] 
Date] 
/ 
[Each 
Interest 
[Payment/Period] Date] 
 
(Specify Interest Payment Dates where “Accrual” is 
specified as Not Applicable and specify Interest Period 
Dates where the Notes are not Fixed Amount Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
31. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Call):  
[]

--- Page 585 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-362 
 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
(Call) and method, if any, of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
[[] per Calculation Amount/[]] 
(iii) 
Redeemable in part: 
[The Notes may be redeemed in part/Not Applicable] 
(A) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[] 
(B) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount:  
[] 
(iv) 
Notice period:  
Minimum Period: [] [5] days 
 
Maximum Period: [Not Applicable/[] [30] days] 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 clearing 
system business days’ notice for a call) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the Fiscal 
Agent) 
32. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Put):  
[] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
(Put) and method, if any, of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
[[] per Calculation Amount/[]] 
(iii) 
Notice period:  
Minimum Period: [] days 
 
Maximum Period: [Not Applicable/[] days] 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days’ notice) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the Fiscal 
Agent) 
33. 
Early Redemption 
 
(i) 
Early 
redemption 
for 
tax 
reasons: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 586 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-363 
 
 
 
(N.B. If general Condition 8.1 (Gross-up) is specified as 
Applicable in item 12 above, specify “Applicable” here.  
If General Condition 8.3 (No gross-up) is specified as 
Applicable in item 13 above specify “Not Applicable” 
here) 
(ii) 
Notice Period relating to early 
redemption for tax reasons: 
Minimum Period: [] days  
 
Maximum Period: [Not Applicable/[] days] 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days’ notice) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the Fiscal 
Agent) 
(iii) 
Additional Events of Default: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(iv) 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
payable (a) on redemption for 
taxation reasons or (b) on 
redemption 
for 
an 
Administrator/Benchmark 
Event or (c) on an illegality or 
(d) on an Event of Default or (e) 
in the case of Reference Item-
Linked Notes, following an 
early redemption pursuant to 
the provisions of the relevant 
Reference Item Schedule: 
[As set out in the General Conditions/[] per Calculation 
Amount] 
(v) 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
includes amount in respect of 
interest: 
[Yes: no additional amount in respect of interest to be 
paid/No: together with the Early Redemption Amount, 
accrued interest shall also be paid/Not Applicable] 
 
(Specify “Yes” where the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes 
and “Accrual” is specified above as Not Applicable 
and/or where FX Interest Conversion and/or FX 
Principal Conversion are specified as Applicable)  
34. 
Autocall Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount: 
The Early Redemption Amount for the purposes of 
Redemption Payout Condition 1.2 (Early redemption) is 
the: 
[Autocall Early Redemption Amount]

--- Page 587 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-364 
 
 
(ii) 
Autocall: 
Applicable: Redemption Payout Condition 1.4 (Early 
Redemption (Autocall)) applies 
 
Autocall Barrier: 
[[]%/As specified in item 34(iv)(B) below] 
(iii) 
Provisions relating to Nth 
Performance: 
[Not Applicable] [Nth Performance is Applicable and N 
= [][st/nd/rd/th] highest]  
(iv) 
Autocall valuation provisions 
for early redemption: 
[Applicable [- see item [28(iv)/38(i)] [above/below]/Not 
Applicable] 
(A) 
Initial 
valuation 
to 
determine 
Reference 
Item Initiali: 
(If not applicable and/or an Initial Price is specified for 
each Reference Item above and/or the initial valuation 
provisions are set out elsewhere below, delete the 
remaining sub–paragraphs of this paragraph.  If 
applicable, include whichever provisions apply and 
delete the remaining alternatives) 
Initial Valuation Date: 
[] 
Initial 
Averaging 
Dates: 
As set out in the table below: 
 
t 
Initial Averaging Dates 
 
 
1 
[] 
 
 
… 
[] 
 
 
y 
[] 
 
Initial 
Valuation 
Period: 
The Initial Valuation Period is the period from ([but 
excluding/and including]) [] to ([and including/but 
excluding]) [] 
Valuation Period Dates 
for the Initial Valuation 
Period: 
[Each [][, [] and []] [falling during the Initial 
Valuation Period]] [The definition set out in the 
Reference Item Conditions applies] 
 
Look-Back: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[[Highest/Lowest] applies for the purposes of the 
definition of Reference Item Initiali] 
Adjustment provisions: In the event of a [Disrupted Day/Market Disruption 
Event]: 
 
[Omission / Postponement / Modified Postponement] 
applies 
 
(N.B. Adjustment not relevant where the Reference 
Item(s) are one or more Inflation Indices or FX Rates)

--- Page 588 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-365 
 
 
(B) 
Autocall valuation to 
determine 
Reference 
Pricet, i: 
Applicable 
Autocall 
Valuation 
Dates: 
The Autocall Valuation Date[s] (t) are as set out in the 
table below: 
 
t 
Autocall Valuation 
Dates 
Early Redemption 
Dates 
[Autocall 
Barrier 
 
1 
[] 
[] 
[] 
 
… 
[] 
[] 
[] 
 
y 
[] 
[] 
[]] 
Adjustment provisions: In the event of a [Disrupted Day/Market Disruption 
Event]: 
 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] 
 
(N.B. Adjustment not relevant where the Reference 
Item(s) are one or more FX Rates) 
(v) 
Early Redemption Date: 
For the purposes of Redemption Payout Condition 1.2 
(Early redemption), the Early Redemption Date[s] shall 
be as specified for the relevant Autocall Valuation Date 
(t) in item 34(iv) above 
35. 
Final Redemption Amount 
[[Subject as provided in Redemption Payout Condition 2 
(Redemption in respect of Credit-Linked Notes),] [] per 
Calculation Amount/other/see Appendix] 
 
[[Subject as provided in Redemption Payout Condition 2 
(Redemption in respect of Credit-Linked Notes), the/The] 
Final Redemption Amount shall be the Reference Item-
Linked Redemption Amount as specified in item 37 
below] 
36. 
FX Principal Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Initial valuation to determine 
Reference 
Item 
Initiali 
in 
respect of the Principal FX 
Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable and an Initial Price is specified for the 
FX Rate above, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph.  If applicable, include whichever 
provisions apply and delete the remaining alternatives)

--- Page 589 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-366 
 
 
Initial Valuation Date: 
[] 
Initial Averaging Dates: 
As set out in the table below: 
 
t 
Initial Averaging Dates 
 
 
1 
[] 
 
 
… 
[] 
 
 
y 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Final Valuation to determine 
Reference Item Finali in respect 
of the Principal FX Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this paragraph.  If applicable, include whichever 
provisions apply and delete the remaining alternatives) 
Final Valuation Date: 
[] 
Final Averaging Dates: 
As set out in the table below: 
 
t 
Final Averaging Dates 
 
 
1 
[] 
 
 
… 
[] 
 
 
y 
[] 
 
37. 
Reference Item-Linked Redemption 
Provisions 
[Applicable. 
 
The 
Notes 
are 
[Inflation-Linked 
Redemption 
Notes/Index-Linked 
Redemption 
Notes/Equity-Linked Redemption Notes/Fund-Linked 
Redemption 
Notes/Currency-Linked 
Redemption 
Notes/Commodity-Linked 
Redemption 
Notes]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[Specify/See Appendix] 
 
[The Final Redemption Amount for the purposes of 
General Condition 6.1 (Scheduled redemption) is the 
Reference Item-Linked Redemption Amount, being the: 
 
[Inflation Adjusted Redemption Amount] 
 
[Call Redemption Amount] 
 
[Put Redemption Amount] 
 
[Call Spread Redemption Amount] 
 
[Put Spread Redemption Amount] 
 
[Individually Capped Call Redemption Amount]

--- Page 590 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-367 
 
 
 
[Fixed Best Call Redemption Amount] 
 
[Rainbow Call Redemption Amount] 
 
[Quadratic Call Redemption Amount] 
 
[Quadratic Put Redemption Amount] 
 
[Outperformance Redemption Amount] 
 
[Replacement Cliquet Redemption Amount] 
 
[Lock-in Cliquet Redemption Amount] 
 
[Super Asian Redemption Amount] 
 
[Knock-in Call Redemption Amount] 
 
[Knock-out Call Redemption Amount] 
 
[Digital Knock-in Call Redemption Amount] 
 
[Digital Call Redemption Amount] 
 
[Knock-in Put Redemption Amount] 
 
[Knock-out Put Redemption Amount] 
 
[Digital Put Redemption Amount] 
 
[TOM Strategy Redemption Amount] 
 
[Non-Protected Put Redemption Amount (Reverse 
Convertible)] 
 
[Non-Protected Knock-in Put Redemption Amount 
(Reverse Convertible)] 
 
[Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Redemption 
Amount] 
 
[Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Spread 
Redemption Amount] 
 
[Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Redemption 
Amount (Booster)] 
 
[General Redemption Amount] 
 
[Barrier Bond Redemption Amount] 
 
[specify other] 
(ii) 
Provisions relating to Relevant 
Principal Amount 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(A) 
Redemption Factor: 
[100%/[]%] 
(B) 
FX 
Principal 
Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Provisions relating to Nth 
Performance: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Nth Performance is Applicable and N = [][st/nd/rd/th] 
highest] [See item 37[(xiv)/(xxx)/(xxxi)] below] 
[Include whichever of the following applies and delete the remaining alternatives:] 
(iv) 
Inflation Adjusted Redemption 
Amount: 
Applicable: Redemption Payout Condition 3 (Inflation 
Adjusted Redemption Amount) applies 
(A) 
Participation 
Rate 
(PR): 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(B) 
Performance Floor: 
[[]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 591 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-368 
 
 
(C) 
FX Option Conversion: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(D) 
Strike: 
[[]/100%] 
(v) 
Call Redemption Amount: 
Applicable: Redemption Payout Condition 4 (Call 
Redemption Amount) applies 
(A) 
Strike: 
[100%/[]%] 
(B) 
Participation 
Rate 
(PR): 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(C) 
Performance Floor: 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(D) 
FX Option Conversion: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Put Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable: Redemption Payout Condition 5 (Put 
Redemption Amount) applies 
(A) 
Strike: 
[100%/[]%] 
(B) 
Participation 
Rate 
(PR): 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(C) 
Performance Floor: 
[[]% /Not Applicable] 
(D) 
FX Option Conversion: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(vii) 
Call 
Spread 
Redemption 
Amount: 
Applicable: Redemption Payout Condition 6 (Call 
Spread Redemption Amount) applies 
(A) 
Strike: 
[100%/[]%] 
(B) 
Participation 
Rate 
(PR): 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(C) 
Performance Floor: 
[[]% /Not Applicable] 
(D) 
FX Option Conversion: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(E) 
Performance Cap: 
[]% 
(viii) 
Put 
Spread 
Redemption 
Amount: 
Applicable: Redemption Payout Condition 7 (Put Spread 
Redemption Amount) applies 
(A) 
Strike: 
[100%/[]%] 
(B) 
Participation 
Rate 
(PR): 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(C) 
Performance Floor: 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(D) 
FX Option Conversion: [Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 592 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-369 
 
 
(E) 
Performance Cap: 
[]% 
(ix) 
Individually 
Capped 
Call 
Redemption Amount: 
Applicable: 
Redemption 
Payout 
Condition 
8 
(Individually Capped Call Redemption) applies 
(A) 
Strike: 
[100%/[]%] 
(B) 
Participation 
Rate 
(PR): 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(C) 
Performance Floor: 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(D) 
FX Option Conversion: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(E) 
Performance Cap: 
[]% 
(x) 
Fixed Best Call Redemption 
Amount: 
Applicable: Redemption Payout Condition 9 (Fixed Best 
Call Redemption Amount) applies 
(A) 
Strike: 
[100%/[]%] 
(B) 
Participation 
Rate 
(PR): 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(C) 
Performance Floor: 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(D) 
FX Option Conversion: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(E) 
Fixed Performance: 
[]% 
(F) 
Relevant Number: 
[] 
(xi) 
Rainbow 
Call 
Redemption 
Amount: 
Applicable: Redemption Payout Condition 10 (Rainbow 
Call Redemption Amount) applies 
(A) 
Strike: 
[100%/[]%] 
(B) 
Participation 
Rate 
(PR): 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(C) 
Performance Floor: 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(D) 
FX Option Conversion: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(E) 
Wi: 
Ranking of Call Performancei 
Wi 
 
Best Performing Reference Item 
[]% 
 
[]-Best Performing Reference Item 
[]% 
 
Worst Performing Reference Item 
[]% 
(xii) 
Quadratic Call Redemption 
Amount: 
Applicable: 
Redemption 
Payout 
Condition 
11 
(Quadratic Call Redemption Amount) applies

--- Page 593 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-370 
 
 
(A) 
Strike: 
[100%/[]%] 
(B) 
Participation 
Rate 
(PR): 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(C) 
Performance Floor: 
[[]% /Not Applicable] 
(D) 
FX Option Conversion: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xiii) 
Quadratic Put Redemption 
Amount: 
Applicable: 
Redemption 
Payout 
Condition 
12 
(Quadratic Put Redemption Amount) applies 
(A) 
Strike: 
[100%/[]%] 
(B) 
Participation 
Rate 
(PR): 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(C) 
Performance Floor: 
[[]% /Not Applicable] 
(D) 
FX Option Conversion: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xiv) 
Outperformance Redemption 
Amount: 
Applicable: 
Redemption 
Payout 
Condition 
13 
(Outperformance Redemption Amount) applies 
(A) 
Outperformance 
Element 1: 
[specify Reference Item(s) comprising Outperformance 
Element 1] 
[Nth Performance is Applicable and N = [][st/nd/rd/th] 
highest] 
(B) 
Outperformance 
Element 2: 
[specify Reference Item(s) comprising Outperformance 
Element 2] 
[Nth Performance is Applicable and N = [][st/nd/rd/th] 
highest] 
(C) 
Participation 
Rate 
(PR): 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(D) 
Performance Floor: 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(E) 
FX Option Conversion: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xv) 
Replacement Cliquet 
Redemption Amount: 
Applicable: 
Redemption 
Payout 
Condition 
14 
(Replacement Cliquet Redemption Amount) applies 
(A) 
Strike: 
[100%/[]%] 
(B) 
Participation 
Rate 
(PR): 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(C) 
Performance Floor: 
[[]% /Not Applicable] 
(D) 
FX Option Conversion: [Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 594 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-371 
 
 
(E) 
PP Floor: 
[]% 
(F) 
Relevant Number: 
[] 
(G) 
Replacement Periodic 
Performance: 
[]% 
(xvi) 
Lock-in Cliquet Redemption 
Amount: 
Applicable: Redemption Payout Condition 15 (Lock-in 
Cliquet Redemption Amount) applies 
(A) 
Strike: 
[100%/[]%] 
(B) 
Participation 
Rate 
(PR): 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(C) 
Performance Floor: 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(D) 
FX Option Conversion: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(E) 
PP Cap: 
[]% 
(F) 
PP Floor: 
[]% 
(G) 
Lock-in Level(s): 
[][,[]% and []%] 
(xvii) Super Asian Redemption 
Amount: 
Applicable: Redemption Payout Condition 16 (Super 
Asian Redemption Amount) applies 
(A) 
Strike: 
[100%/[]%] 
(B) 
Participation 
Rate 
(PR): 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(C) 
Performance Floor: 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(D) 
FX Option Conversion: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xviii) Knock-in Call Redemption 
Amount: 
Applicable: Redemption Payout Condition 17 (Knock-in 
Call Redemption Amount) applies 
(A) 
Strike: 
[100%/[]%] 
(B) 
Participation 
Rate 
(PR): 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(C) 
Performance Floor: 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(D) 
FX Option Conversion: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(E) 
Barrier Level: 
[]% 
(F) 
Barrier Event: 
[American/Bermudan/European] Barrier Event

--- Page 595 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-372 
 
 
(xix) 
Knock-out Call Redemption 
Amount: 
Applicable: Redemption Payout Condition 18 (Knock-
out Call Redemption Amount) applies 
(A) 
Strike: 
[100%/[]%] 
(B) 
Participation 
Rate 
(PR): 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(C) 
Performance Floor: 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(D) 
FX Option Conversion: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(E) 
Barrier Level: 
[]% 
(F) 
Barrier Event: 
[American/Bermudan/European] Barrier Event 
(xx) 
Digital Knock-in Call 
Redemption Amount: 
Applicable: Redemption Payout Condition 19 (Digital 
Knock-in Call Redemption Amount) applies 
(A) 
FX Option Conversion: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(B) 
Barrier Level: 
[]% 
(C) 
Fixed Performance: 
[]% 
(D) 
Barrier Event: 
[American/Bermudan/European] Barrier Event 
(xxi) 
Digital Call Redemption 
Amount: 
Applicable: Redemption Payout Condition 20 (Digital 
Call Redemption Amount) applies 
(A) 
Strike: 
[100%/[]%] 
(B) 
FX Option Conversion: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(C) 
Barrier: 
[[]%/Each percentage specified under the heading 
“Barrier” in the table below] 
 
[Barrier 
Fixed Performance 
 
[]% 
[]% 
 
… 
… 
 
[]% 
[]%] 
(D) 
Fixed Performance: 
[[]%/In respect of a Barrier, the percentage specified 
for such Barrier in the table above] 
(E) 
Barrier Event: 
[American/Bermudan/European] Barrier Event 
(xxii) Knock-in Put Redemption 
Amount: 
Applicable: Redemption Payout Condition 21 (Knock-in 
Put Redemption Amount) applies 
(A) 
Strike: 
[100%/[]%]

--- Page 596 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-373 
 
 
(B) 
Participation 
Rate 
(PR): 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(C) 
Performance Floor: 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(D) 
FX Option Conversion: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(E) 
Barrier: 
[]% 
(F) 
Barrier Event: 
[American/Bermudan/European] Barrier Event 
(xxiii) Knock-out Put Redemption 
Amount: 
Applicable: Redemption Payout Condition 22 (Knock-
out Put Redemption Amount) applies 
(A) 
Strike: 
[100%/[]%] 
(B) 
Participation 
Rate 
(PR): 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(C) 
Performance Floor: 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(D) 
FX Option Conversion: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(E) 
Barrier: 
[]% 
(F) 
Barrier Event: 
[American/Bermudan/European] Barrier Event 
(xxiv) Digital Put Redemption 
Amount: 
Applicable: Redemption Payout Condition 23 (Digital 
Put Redemption Amount) applies 
(A) 
Strike: 
[100%/[]%] 
(B) 
FX Option Conversion: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(C) 
Barrier: 
[[]%/Each percentage specified under the heading 
“Barrier” in the table below] 
 
[Barrier 
Fixed Performance 
 
[]% 
[]% 
 
… 
… 
 
[]% 
[]%] 
(D) 
Fixed Performance: 
[[]%/In respect of a Barrier, the percentage specified 
for such Barrier in the table above] 
(E) 
Barrier Event: 
[American/Bermudan/European] Barrier Event 
(xxv) 
TOM 
Strategy 
Redemption 
Amount: 
Applicable: Redemption Payout Condition 24 (TOM 
Strategy Redemption Amount) applies

--- Page 597 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-374 
 
 
(A) 
Participation 
Rate 
(PR): 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(B) 
Performance Floor: 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(C) 
FX Option Conversion: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(D) 
TOM 
Reference 
Period: 
The period from ([and including/but excluding]) [] to 
([and including/but excluding]) [] 
(E) 
TOM Period: 
Each period as follows: 
 
t 
Mid Date 
Initial Valuation 
Date 
Final Valuation 
Date 
 
1 
[] 
[] 
[] 
 
… 
[] 
[] 
[] 
 
[y] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
(F) 
Reference Rate Return: []% 
(xxvi) Non-Protected Put Redemption 
Amount (Reverse 
Convertible): 
Applicable: Redemption Payout Condition 25 (Non-
Protected 
Put 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Reverse 
Convertible)) applies 
(A) 
Strike: 
[100%/[]%] 
(B) 
Participation 
Rate 
(PR): 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(C) 
Performance Floor: 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(D) 
Type of valuation: 
[American/Bermudan/European] Valuation 
(xxvii) Non-Protected Knock-in Put 
Redemption Amount (Reverse 
Convertible): 
Applicable: Redemption Payout Condition 26 (Non-
Protected Knock-in Put Redemption Amount (Reverse 
Convertible)) applies 
(A) 
Strike: 
[100%/[]%] 
(B) 
Participation 
Rate 
(PR): 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(C) 
Performance Floor: 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(D) 
Barrier: 
[]% 
(E) 
Type of valuation: 
[American/Bermudan/European] Valuation 
(xxviii) Non-Protected Knock-in Put 
with Call Redemption Amount: 
Applicable: Redemption Payout Condition 27 (Non-
Protected Knock-in Put with Call Redemption Amount) 
applies

--- Page 598 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-375 
 
 
(A) 
Performance FloorCall: 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(B) 
Performance FloorPut: 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(C) 
FX Option Conversion: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(D) 
Call Strike: 
[[]/100%] 
(E) 
Put Strike: 
[[]/100%] 
(F) 
Call Barrier: 
[]% 
(G) 
Put Barrier: 
[]% 
(H) 
PRCall: 
[]% 
(I) 
PRPut: 
[]% 
(J) 
Type of valuation: 
[American/Bermudan/European] Valuation 
(xxix) Non-Protected Knock-in Put 
with Call Spread Redemption 
Amount: 
Applicable: Redemption Payout Condition 28 (Non-
Protected Knock-in Put with Call Spread Redemption 
Amount) applies 
(A) 
Performance Cap: 
[]% 
(B) 
Performance FloorCall: 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(C) 
Performance FloorPut: 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(D) 
FX Option Conversion: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(E) 
Call Strike: 
[[]/100%] 
(F) 
Put Strike: 
[[]/100%] 
(G) 
Call Barrier: 
[]% 
(H) 
Put Barrier: 
[]% 
(I) 
PRCall: 
[]% 
(J) 
PRPut: 
[]% 
(K) 
Type of valuation: 
[American/Bermudan/European] Valuation 
(xxx) 
Non-Protected Knock-in Put 
with Call Redemption Amount 
(Booster): 
Applicable: Redemption Payout Condition 29 (Non-
Protected Knock-in Put with Call Redemption Amount 
(Booster)) applies 
(A) 
Call Element: 
[specify Reference Item(s) comprising Call Element] 
[See item [17/18/19/20/21] above]

--- Page 599 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-376 
 
 
[Nth Performance is Applicable and N = [] [st/nd/rd/th] 
[highest/lowest]] 
‒ 
Performance FloorCall: 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
‒ 
Call Strike: 
[[]/100%] 
‒ 
Call Barrier: 
[]% 
‒ 
PRCall: 
[]% 
‒ 
Type of valuation in respect 
of the Call Element:: 
[American/Bermudan/European] Valuation 
(B) 
Put Element: 
[specify Reference Item(s) comprising Put Element] [See 
item [17/18/19/20/21] above] 
[Nth Performance is Applicable and N = [] 
[st/nd/rd/th] [highest/lowest]] 
‒ 
Performance FloorPut: 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
‒ 
Put Strike: 
[[]/100%] 
‒ 
Put Barrier: 
[]% 
‒ 
PRPut: 
[]% 
‒ 
Type of valuation in respect 
of the Put Element: 
[American/Bermudan/European] Valuation 
(C) 
FX Option Conversion: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xxxi) General Redemption Amount: 
Applicable: Redemption Payout Condition 30 (General 
Redemption Amount) applies 
(A) 
Number of General 
Redemption 
Components(n): 
[]  
(Insert (B) – (E) below for each General Redemption 
Component) 
(B) 
General 
Redemption 
Component: 
j = [] 
(C) 
Reference Item(s): 
[specify Reference Item(s) comprising the relevant 
General 
Redemption 
Component] 
[See 
item 
[17/18/19/20/21] above] 
[Nth Performance is Applicable for this General 
Redemption Component and N = [] [st/nd/rd/th] 
[highest/lowest]]

--- Page 600 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-377 
 
 
(D) 
Performance Intervals: 
Performance 
Interval 
Number (m) 
Starting 
Performance 
Interval Point 
Ending 
Performance 
Interval Point 
Participation 
Rate 
Digita
l 
Level 
 
[] 
(insert 
number i.e. 1, 
2 etc starting 
with 
lowest 
Performance 
Interval 
Point) 
(repeat each 
line for each 
Performance 
Interval) 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
 
 
(repeat each line for each Performance Interval) 
(xxxii) Barrier 
Bond 
Redemption 
Amount: 
Applicable: Redemption Payout Condition 31 (Barrier 
Bond Redemption Amount) applies 
(A) 
Type of Valuation: 
[Continuous/Daily] Valuation: Applicable 
 
(N.B. Continuous Observation may not be specified 
where the Reference Items are FX Rates) 
(B) 
Barrier Event: 
[Less than/Equal to or greater than] 
(C) 
FX 
Principal 
Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(D) 
Barrier Level: 
In respect of a Reference Item, [[]% of Reference Item 
Initiali 
for 
such 
Reference 
Item/the 
[level/price/rate/value] specified for such Reference 
Item as follows: 
 
i 
Reference Item 
Barrier Level 
 
1 
[] 
[] 
 
… 
[] 
[] 
 
[n
] 
[] 
[]] 
(E) 
Barrier 
Event 
Observation Dates: 
[[] [Business Days] prior to the relevant Interest 
[Payment/Period] 
Date] 
/ 
[Each 
Interest 
[Payment/Period] Date] 
 
(Specify Interest Payment Dates where “Accrual” is 
specified as Not Applicable and specify Interest Period

--- Page 601 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-378 
 
 
Dates where “Accrual” is specified as Applicable or the 
Notes are not Fixed Rate Notes) 
(xxxiii) Lock-in Booster Redemption 
Amount: 
Applicable: Redemption Payout Condition 35 (Lock-in 
Booster Redemption Amount) applies 
(A) 
Call Strike: 
[[]/100%] 
(B) 
Participation Rate (PR): 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(C) 
FX Option Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(D) 
Lock-in Level(s): 
[][,[]% and []%] 
[Highest: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(E) 
Upper Barrier: 
[]% 
(F) 
Lower Barrier: 
[]% 
(G) 
Type of valuation: 
[American/Bermudan] Lock-in Valuation 
(xxxiv) Lock-in 
Call 
Redemption 
Amount: 
Applicable: Redemption Payout Condition 36 (Lock-in 
Call Redemption Amount) applies 
(A) 
Call Strike: 
[[]/100%] 
(B) 
Participation Rate (PR): 
[[]%/Not Applicable] 
(C) 
FX Option Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(D) 
Lock-in Level(s): 
[][,[]% and []%] 
[Highest: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(E) 
Barrier: 
[]% 
(F) 
Type of valuation: 
[American/Bermudan] Lock-in Valuation 
38. 
Redemption Valuation Provisions 
 
(In relation to Non-Protected Knock-in Put with Call Redemption Amount (Booster), repeat the 
following sections as necessary for each of the Call Element and the Put Element) 
(In relation to General Redemption Amount, repeat the following sections as necessary for each 
General Redemption Component) 
[Redemption Valuation Provisions relating to the [Put/Call] Element:] [Redemption Valuation 
Provisions relating to General Redemption Component []:] 
(i) 
Initial valuation to determine 
[Reference 
Item 
Initiali/Reference Item TOM 
Initialt,i]: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable and/or an Initial Price is specified for 
each Reference Item above, delete the remaining sub–
paragraphs of this paragraph.  If applicable, include

--- Page 602 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-379 
 
 
whichever provisions apply and delete the remaining 
alternatives)  
 
(N.B. Only the Initial Valuation Date may be specified 
for Inflation-Linked Notes) 
Initial Valuation Date[s]: 
[] / [As defined in Reference Item Condition 3.3 
(Definitions)]/[In respect of a TOM Period, as specified 
in item 37(xxv)(E) above] 
Initial Averaging Dates: 
As set out in the table below: 
 
t 
Initial Averaging Dates 
 
1 
[] 
 
… 
[] 
 
Y 
[] 
Initial Valuation Period: 
The Initial Valuation Period is the period from ([but 
excluding/and including] []) to ([and including/but 
excluding] []) 
Valuation Period Dates for the 
Initial Valuation Period: 
[Each [][, [] and []] [falling during the Initial 
Valuation Period]] [The definition set out in the 
Reference Item Conditions applies] 
 
Look-Back: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[[Highest/Lowest] applies for the purposes of the 
definition of Reference Item Initiali] 
Adjustment provisions: 
In the event of a [Disrupted Day/Market Disruption 
Event]:  
 
[Omission / Postponement / Modified Postponement] 
applies 
 
(N.B. Adjustment not relevant where the Reference 
Item(s) are one or more Inflation Indices or FX Rates) 
(ii) 
Final Valuation to determine 
[Reference 
Item 
Finali 
/ 
Reference Item TOM Finalt,i] 
[and 
for 
[determination 
of 
European 
Barrier 
Event 
/ 
European Valuation]]: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this paragraph.  If applicable, include whichever 
provisions apply and delete the remaining alternatives) 
 
(N.B. Only Final Valuation Date may be specified for 
Inflation-Linked Notes)

--- Page 603 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-380 
 
 
Final Valuation Date[s]: 
[] / [As defined in Reference Item Condition 3.3 
(Definitions)]/[In respect of a TOM Period, as specified 
in item 37(xxv)(E) above]  
Final Averaging Dates: 
As set out in the table below: 
 
t 
Final Averaging Dates 
 
1 
[] 
 
… 
[] 
 
y 
[] 
Final Valuation Period: 
The Final Valuation Period is the period from ([but 
excluding/and including] []) to ([and including/but 
excluding] []) 
Valuation Period Dates for the 
Final Valuation Period: 
[Each [][, [] and []] [falling during the Final 
Valuation Period]] [The definition set out in the 
Reference Item Conditions applies] 
 
Look-Back: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[[Highest/Lowest] applies for the purposes of the 
definition of Reference Item Finali] 
Adjustment provisions: 
In the event of a [Disrupted Day/Market Disruption 
Event]:  
 
[Omission / Postponement / Modified Postponement] 
applies 
 
(N.B. Adjustment not relevant where the Reference 
Item(s) are one or more Inflation Indices or FX Rates) 
(iii) 
Periodic Valuation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
Periodic 
Valuation 
Dates: 
Periodic Valuation Dates are as set out in the table 
below: 
 
t 
Periodic Valuation Dates 
 
1 
[] 
 
… 
[] 
 
y 
[]] 
 
Adjustment provisions: 
Adjustment provisions in the event of a [Disrupted 
Day/Market Disruption Event]:

--- Page 604 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-381 
 
 
 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] 
(iv) 
[Continuous 
Valuation 
/ 
Determination 
of 
American 
Barrier Event / American [Lock-
in] Valuation]: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(N.B. Not applicable Inflation-Linked Notes or 
Currency-Linked Notes)  
 
Observation Period: 
The period from ([but excluding/and including]) [] to 
([and including/but excluding]) [] 
(v) 
[Determination of Bermudan 
Barrier 
Event 
/ 
Bermudan 
[Lock-in] Valuation]: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(NB. Not applicable for Inflation-Linked Notes or 
Currency-Linked Notes) 
‒ 
Bermudan Observation 
Dates: 
[] 
‒ 
Adjustment provisions: 
In the event of a [Disrupted Day/Market Disruption 
Event]: 
 
[Omission / Postponement / Modified Postponement] 
applies 
(vi) 
Daily Valuation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(N.B. 
Only 
applicable 
where 
“Barrier 
Bond 
Redemption Amount” is specified as the Reference 
Item-Linked Redemption Amount and Daily Valuation 
is specified as Applicable in item 36(xxxii) above) 
 
Valuation Period: 
The period from ([but excluding/and including] [])  to 
(and including) [] 
 
Valuation Period Dates 
for 
the 
Valuation 
Period: 
[Each [][, [] and []] [falling during the Valuation 
Period]] [The definition set out in the Reference Item 
Conditions applies] 
Adjustment provisions: 
In the event of a [Disrupted Day/Market Disruption 
Event]:

--- Page 605 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-382 
 
 
 
[Omission / Postponement / Modified Postponement] 
applies 
(vii) 
FX valuation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Principal FX Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this paragraph.  If applicable, include whichever 
provisions apply and delete the remaining alternatives) 
(A) 
Initial 
valuation 
to 
determine 
Reference 
Item Initiali in respect of 
the Principal FX Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable and/or an Initial Price is specified for 
the FX Rate above, delete the remaining sub–
paragraphs of this paragraph.  If applicable, include 
whichever provisions apply and delete the remaining 
alternatives) 
Initial Valuation Date: 
[] 
Initial Averaging Dates: 
As set out in the table below: 
 
t 
Initial Averaging Dates 
 
1 
[] 
 
… 
[] 
 
y 
[] 
(B) 
Final 
Valuation 
to 
determine 
Reference 
Item Finali in respect of 
the Principal FX Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this paragraph.  If applicable, include whichever 
provisions apply and delete the remaining alternatives) 
Final Valuation Date: 
[] 
Final Averaging Dates: 
As set out in the table below: 
 
t 
Final Averaging Dates 
 
1 
[] 
 
… 
[] 
 
y 
[]

--- Page 606 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-383 
 
 
Option FX Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this paragraph.  If applicable, include whichever 
provisions apply and delete the remaining alternatives) 
(A) 
Initial 
valuation 
to 
determine 
Reference 
Item Initiali in respect of 
the Option FX Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable and/or an Initial Price is specified for 
the FX Rate above, delete the remaining sub–
paragraphs of this paragraph.  If applicable, include 
whichever provisions apply and delete the remaining 
alternatives) 
Initial Valuation Date: 
[] 
Initial Averaging Dates: 
As set out in the table below: 
 
t 
Initial Averaging Dates 
 
1 
[] 
 
… 
[] 
 
y 
[] 
(B) 
Final 
Valuation 
to 
determine 
Reference 
Item Finali in respect of 
the Option FX Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub–paragraphs 
of this paragraph.  If applicable, include whichever 
provisions apply and delete the remaining alternatives) 
Final Valuation Date: 
[] 
Final Averaging Dates: 
As set out in the table below: 
 
t 
Final Averaging Dates 
 
1 
[] 
 
… 
[] 
 
y 
[] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
39. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes]

--- Page 607 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-384 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
on [] days’ notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances described in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [] days’ notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances described in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
(N.B. In the case of Bearer Notes, the exchange upon 
notice/at any time options as specified above and in the 
Conditions should not be expressed to be applicable if 
the Specified Denomination of the Notes in item 6 
includes language substantially to the following effect: 
“[EUR 100,000 and integral multiples of EUR 1,000 in 
excess thereof and up to and including EUR 199,000]”) 
 
[VP Systems Notes issued in uncertificated and 
dematerialised book entry form.  See further item 10 of 
Part B below] 
40. 
New Global Note form:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
41. 
Applicable Business Centre(s):  
[Not Applicable/insert Applicable Business Centres] 
42. 
Business Day Convention:  
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/specify other] [Not Applicable] 
43. 
Applicable Financial Centre(s) relating 
to Payment Business Days:  
[Not Applicable/Give details.  See definition of Payment 
Business Day in the Conditions.  Note that this item 
relates to the date and place of payment, and not to 
Interest Payment Dates/Maturity Date] 
44. 
Notices to be published on: 
[] / [www.danskebank.com] / [As specified in General 
Condition 15 (Notices)] 
45. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes:  
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
Talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive 
form, more than 27 coupon payments are still to be 
made/No] 
46. 
Name and address of the Calculation 
Agent: 
[] 
47. 
Other final terms or special conditions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
[insert any required amendments to Condition 15 
(Notices) in respect of Bearer Notes]

--- Page 608 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-385 
 
 
 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source].  The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By:  
By:  
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised 
CC: Citibank, N.A., London Branch as Fiscal Agent

--- Page 609 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-386 
 
 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[The Official List of Euronext Dublin/specify 
other/None] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading:  
[Application has been made for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [the Global Exchange 
Market/specify other] with effect from []/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(Only listings on unregulated markets may be 
specified) 
2. 
Reasons for the Offer 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[General Business Purposes][Green Bonds][] 
 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base Prospectus 
– if reasons for offer different general business 
purposes and/or Green Bonds, will need to include 
those reasons here)] 
3. 
[Information concerning Reference Entity/Entities: (Credit-Linked Notes only) 
[Need to include the name of [the/each] reference entity and need to include details of where the 
information about each reference entity can be obtained: [Information relating to [the/each] 
Reference Entity is available from internationally recognised published or electronically displayed 
sources such as Bloomberg and any web-site of [the/each] Reference Entity/[]]] 
4. 
[Information concerning the Inflation Index: (Inflation-Linked Notes only) 
[Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of the Inflation Index 
can be obtained] [Need to include the name of the Inflation Index and details of where information 
about the Inflation Index can be obtained] 
[Include any disclaimer wording required by the Index Sponsor]] 
5. 
[Information concerning the [Index/Basket of Indices]: (Index-Linked Notes only) 
[Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of [the/each] index can 
be obtained] [Need to include the name of [the/each] index need to include details of where the 
information about [the/each] index can be obtained] 
[Include any disclaimer wording required by the Index Sponsor(s)]] 
6. 
[Information concerning the [Underlying Equity/Basket of Underlying Equities]: (Equity-
Linked Notes only) 
[Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of [the/each] 
underlying equity can be obtained] [Need to include the name of [the/each] issuer of [the/each] 
underlying equity and the ISIN or other identification code]]

--- Page 610 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-387 
 
 
(N.B. Any Underlying Equity relating to the Notes must be traded on a regulated, regularly 
operating, recognised open market, or by reference to the prices, levels or performance of a 
currency, an index, an interest rate, a commodity; or a combination of the above or be credit linked) 
7. 
[Information concerning the [Fund Interest/Basket of Fund Interests]: (Fund-Linked Notes 
only) 
[Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of [the/each] fund 
interest can be obtained.] [Need to include the name of [the/each] fund of [the/each] fund interest 
and the ISIN or other identification code] [Each fund must be authorised by the Central Bank of 
Ireland or the competent authority of another EU member state deemed equivalent by the ISE or be 
traded on a regulated market - Need to therefore include information regarding the authorisation 
of [the/each] fund by [the/each] relevant competent authority or confirmation that the fund trades 
on a regulated market] 
8. 
[Information concerning the [[rate[s] of exchange/formula/currencies]: (Only for Currency-
Linked Notes, including where “FX Principal Conversion” and/or “FX Option Conversion” is 
specified as applicable) 
[Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of the [relevant 
rates/formula/currencies] can be obtained]] 
9. 
[Information concerning the [Commodity/Basket of Commodities]: (Commodity-Linked Notes 
only) 
[Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of [the/each] 
commodity/formula can be obtained] [Need to include the name of [the/each] commodity and need 
to include details of where the information about [the/each] commodity can be obtained] 
10. 
Operational Information 
 
ISIN Code: 
[] 
Common Code: 
[] 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
New Global Note intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Not Applicable] (Specify “Not Applicable” if the 
Notes are being issued in CGN form) 
 
[Yes. Note that the designation “Yes” simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited

--- Page 611 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-388 
 
 
with one of Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. or Clearstream 
Banking S.A. as common safe-keeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during their life.  
Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria] (If “Yes” selected, 
Bearer Notes must be issued in NGN form) 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the 
date of this Pricing Supplement, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting them 
the Notes may then be deposited with one of Euroclear 
Bank S.A./N.V. or Clearstream Banking S.A. as 
common safekeeper.  Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met] 
Any 
clearing 
system(s) 
other 
than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
S.A./N.V. 
and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)/VP, VP 
identification number: []/VPS, VPS identification 
number: []/Euroclear Finland, Euroclear Finland 
identification 
number: 
[]/Euroclear 
Sweden, 
Euroclear Sweden identification number: []]  
 
The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain certain 
information from the register maintained by [the 
VP/the VPS/Euroclear Finland/ Euroclear Sweden] 
for the purpose of performing its obligations under the 
issue of VP Systems Notes] (delete as applicable) 
Settlement Procedures:  
[Customary 
medium 
term 
note 
procedures 
apply/specify 
other 
settlement 
and 
payment 
procedures] 
Delivery:  
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
11. 
Distribution 
 
(i) 
Name [and address] of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name [and address]] 
(ii) 
[Total 
commission 
and 
concession:  
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount] 
(iii) 
TEFRA Rules:  
TEFRA [C/D/not applicable]

--- Page 612 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-389 
 
 
(iv) 
Additional Selling Restrictions: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
Applicable [other than with respect to offers of the 
Notes in [specify jurisdiction(s) for which a PRIIPs 
KID is being prepared] [during the period[s][x]-[x] 
repeat periods as necessary] 
12. 
U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations 
(i) 
[The Notes are [not] Specified Notes for purposes of Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986. Additional information regarding the application of Section 871(m) to the Notes will 
be available from [give name(s) and address(es) of Issuer contact].] [As at the date of this Pricing 
Supplement, the Issuer has not determined whether the Notes are Specified Notes for purposes of 
Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986; however, indicatively it considers that 
they will [not] be Specified Notes for these purposes. This is indicative information only subject to 
change and if the Issuer’s final determination is different then it will give notice of such 
determination. Please contact [give name(s) and address(es) of Issuer contact] for further 
information regarding the application of Section 871(m) to the Securities.] 13 (The Notes will not be 
Specified Notes if they (i) are issued prior to 1 January 2023 and are not “delta-one” for U.S. tax 
purposes or (ii) do not reference any U.S. equity or any index that contains any component U.S. 
equity or otherwise provide direct or indirect exposure to U.S. equities. If the Notes reference a 
U.S. equity or an index that contains a component U.S. equity or otherwise provide direct or indirect 
exposure to U.S. equities and (i) are issued prior to 1 January 2023 and provide a return that does 
not differ significantly from the return on an investment in the underlying, or (ii) are issued on or 
after 1 January 2023, further analysis would be required. If the Notes are Specified Notes, include 
the “Additional information” sentence and provide the appropriate contact information at the 
Issuer.)  
 
                                                     
13  
This formulation to be used if the Issuer has not made a determination regarding whether the Notes are Specified 
Notes as of the date of the Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 613 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-390 
 
 
ANNEX 
 
Reference 
Entity 
Reference 
Entity 
Notional 
Amount 
Reference 
Obligation 
All 
Guarantees 
Credit Events: 
Provisions 
relating 
to 
Restructuring 
Credit Event:   
Multiple Holder 
Obligation: 
Restructuring 
Maturity 
Limitation 
and 
Fully Transferable 
Obligation  
Modified 
Restructuring 
Maturity 
Limitation 
and 
Conditionally 
Transferable 
Obligation 
[Set/Zero 
Recovery Price] 
[] 
[] 
[Standard 
Reference 
Obligation 
[not] 
applicable] 
[Senior 
Level/Subor
dinated 
Level] (must 
be 
inserted 
when 
Noes 
are 
cash 
settled) 
[The 
obligations 
identified as 
follows: 
Primary 
Obligor: [] 
Maturity: 
[] 
Coupon: [] 
CUSIP/ISIN
: [] 
[Applicable/N
ot Applicable] 
[Bankruptcy] 
[Failure to Pay] 
[Grace Period Extension 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
Grace 
Period: 
[] 
[calendar days] [Grace 
Period Business Days] 
[Obligation Default] 
[Obligation Acceleration] 
[Repudiation/Moratorium
] 
[Restructuring] 
[Governmental 
Intervention] 
Reference Item 
Condition 2.11 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable][[M
od R/Mod Mod 
R] applicable]] 
Provisions 
relating 
to 
Reference 
Item 
Condition 
2.12 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(insert percentage 
in relation to each 
Reference Equity, 
which 
may 
be 
zero, if applicable)

--- Page 614 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-391 
 
 
Guarantor: 
[] 
(N.B. 
delete 
if 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation is 
applicable)] 
 
Referenc
e Entity 
Obligation 
Category: 
(select one only) 
Obligation 
Characteristics: 
(select 
all of which apply) 
Additional 
Obligation(s) 
Excluded 
Obligation(s): 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Category (for the 
purposes 
of 
determining 
Valuation 
Obligation(s)): 
(select one only) 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristics (for the 
purposes of determining 
Valuation 
Obligation(s)): (select all 
which apply) 
Excluded 
Deliverable 
Obligation(s) (for 
the purposes of 
determining 
Valuation 
Obligation(s)): 
2019 
Narrowly 
Tailored Credit 
Event Provisions: 
Provisions 
relating to Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Reference 
Obligations: 
 
[] 
[Payment] 
[Borrowed 
Money] 
[Reference 
Obligation Only] 
[Bond] 
[Loan] 
[Bond or Loan] 
[Not Subordinated] 
[Specified 
Currency: 
[specify 
currency] 
[Standard 
Specified 
Currency]] 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
[Not Domestic Currency:] 
[Domestic 
Currency 
means: [specify currency]] 
[Not Domestic Law] 
[Listed] 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
[insert name(s)] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[insert name(s)] / 
[Not Applicable] 
[Payment] 
[Borrowed 
Money] 
[Reference 
Obligation Only] 
[Bond] 
[Loan 
[Bond or Loan] 
[Not Subordinated] 
[Specified 
Currency: 
[specify/Standard 
Specified Currency]] 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
[Not Domestic Currency] 
[Domestic 
Currency 
means: 
[specify 
currency]] 
[Not Domestic Law] 
[Listed] 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
[Assignable Loan] 
[Consent Required Loan] 
[Direct 
Loan 
Participation] 
[Qualifying Participation 
Seller: [insert details]] 
[Specify]/[Not 
Applicable] 
Reference 
Item 
Condition 
2.19: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs 
of this section) 
 
[Fallback 
Discounting: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
Credit 
Deterioration 
Reference 
Item 
Condition  2.20: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 615 ---
EXEMPT NOTES PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
 
E-392 
 
 
Referenc
e Entity 
Obligation 
Category: 
(select one only) 
Obligation 
Characteristics: 
(select 
all of which apply) 
Additional 
Obligation(s) 
Excluded 
Obligation(s): 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Category (for the 
purposes 
of 
determining 
Valuation 
Obligation(s)): 
(select one only) 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristics (for the 
purposes of determining 
Valuation 
Obligation(s)): (select all 
which apply) 
Excluded 
Deliverable 
Obligation(s) (for 
the purposes of 
determining 
Valuation 
Obligation(s)): 
2019 
Narrowly 
Tailored Credit 
Event Provisions: 
Provisions 
relating to Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Reference 
Obligations: 
 
[Transferable] 
[Maximum Maturity: []] 
[Accelerated or Matured] 
[Not Bearer] 
Requirement: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
 
(Specify for each Reference Entity)

--- Page 616 ---
NAMES, ADDRESSES AND ROLES 
 
 
 
 
F-1 
 
 
SECTION F - NAMES, ADDRESSES AND ROLES 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Danske Bank A/S 
2-12 Holmens Kanal 
DK-1092 Copenhagen K 
Denmark 
DEALER 
Danske Bank A/S 
2-12 Holmens Kanal 
DK-1092 Copenhagen K 
Denmark 
AUDITORS OF THE ISSUER IN RESPECT OF HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE IN THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
Deloitte Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab 
Weidekampsgade 6 
DK-2300 Copenhagen S 
Denmark 
FISCAL AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom

--- Page 617 ---
NAMES, ADDRESSES AND ROLES 
 
Printed by Allen & Overy LLP 
0079780-0000325 UKO2: 2002465211.21 
 
 
F-2 
 
 
VP SYSTEMS AGENT 
(for VP Systems Notes cleared through the VP, VPS and Euroclear Sweden) 
Danske Bank A/S 
Corporate Actions 
2-12 Holmens Kanal 
DK-1092 Copenhagen K 
Denmark 
VP SYSTEMS AGENT 
(for VP Systems Notes cleared through Euroclear Finland) 
Danske Bank A/S, Finland Branch 
Televisiokatu 1 
Helsinki 
FI-00075 DANSKE BANK 
Finland 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Dealer as to English Law 
To the Issuer as to Danish Law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
Gorrissen Federspiel Advokatpartnerselskab 
One Bishops Square 
Axel Towers 
London E1 6AD 
Axeltorv 2 
United Kingdom 
DK 1609 Copenhagen V 
 
Denmark 
 
 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
Matheson 
70 Sir John Rogerson’s Quay 
Dublin 2 
Ireland