--- Page 1 ---
The date of this Base Prospectus is 8 November 2024. 
 
EUR 30,000,000,000 
Global Covered Bond Programme 
Under this EUR 30,000,000,000 Global Covered Bond Programme (the “Programme”), Danske Bank A/S (the “Issuer” or the 
“Bank” or “Danske Bank”) may from time to time issue European covered bonds (Premium) (“Covered Bonds”) in accordance with the 
Danish Financial Business Act (lov om finansiel virksomhed), and relevant executive orders (bekendtgørelser) and regulations thereto as may 
be supplemented, amended, modified, varied, extended, replaced or re-enacted from time to time (as well as any judicial decisions and 
administrative pronouncements, all of which are subject to change, including with retroactive effect) (the “Danish Covered Bond 
Legislation”), denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below).  
Covered Bonds may be issued in bearer form (“Bearer Covered Bonds”), registered form (“Registered Covered Bonds”) or 
uncertificated book entry form cleared through the Danish, Norwegian and/or Swedish (as the case may be) central securities depository 
(together the “VP Systems Covered Bonds” and individually “VP”, “VPS” and “Euroclear Sweden”, respectively). 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”), as competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards 
of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval by the Central Bank should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Covered Bonds that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. In addition, 
such approval relates only to the Covered Bonds which are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market (the “Regulated Market”) of the 
Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (“MiFID 
II”) and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a “Member State”) in 
circumstances that require the publication of a prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the 
Covered Bonds.  
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and has been prepared 
for the purpose of giving information with regard to the issue of Covered Bonds under the Programme. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Covered Bonds issued under the Programme (other than Exempt Covered Bonds 
(as defined below)) during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin 
and trading on the Regulated Market. References in this Base Prospectus to Covered Bonds being “listed” (and all related references) on 
Euronext Dublin shall mean that such Covered Bonds have been admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin and to trading on the Regulated 
Market. Application may be made for Covered Bonds issued under the Programme (other than Exempt Covered Bonds) to be admitted to 
trading and to be listed on Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S, Oslo Børs, Nasdaq Stockholm AB or such other regulated market in the European 
Economic Area for the purposes of MiFID II as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. No assurance can be given that any such 
application will be successful.  
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to the Covered Bonds which are to be admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in the European Economic Area for the purposes of MiFID II. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event 
of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The Programme also permits Covered Bonds to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other 
or further listing authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer. The requirement to publish a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Covered Bonds which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the 
European Economic Area for the purposes of MiFID II and/or offered to the public in the European Economic Area other than in circumstances 
where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. References in this Base Prospectus to “Exempt 
Covered Bonds” are to Covered Bonds for which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation. The Central 
Bank has neither reviewed nor approved information contained in this Base Prospectus pertaining to Exempt Covered Bonds. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described in the section titled “Risk Factors” in this Base Prospectus. 
__________________________________ 
Arrangers 
BNP PARIBAS 
DANSKE BANK 
HSBC 
Dealers 
BNP PARIBAS 
COMMERZBANK  
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB 
DANSKE BANK 
HSBC 
NATIXIS 
NATWEST MARKETS 
UNICREDIT

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents that are deemed to be 
incorporated herein by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference” below). This Base 
Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated and form part 
of this Base Prospectus. Accordingly references herein to this “Base Prospectus” are to this document, 
as supplemented from time to time, including such documents incorporated by reference. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement for each Tranche (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds” below) of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge 
of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and 
makes no omission likely to affect its import.  
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer or the Dealers to give any information or to 
make any representation other than those contained or that are incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus and referred to below under “Documents Incorporated by Reference” in this Base Prospectus 
and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
None of the Dealers has separately verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is 
accepted by the Dealers or any of them as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the 
Programme, any Covered Bonds or the distribution of any Covered Bonds. No Dealer accepts liability 
in relation to the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by 
the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will be liabilities only of the Issuer and not of any 
other person, including the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Covered Bonds (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation 
or (ii) should be considered as a recommendation or constituting an invitation or offer by the Issuer or 
the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme or any Covered Bonds, should purchase any Covered Bonds. Each investor 
contemplating purchasing any Covered Bonds should make its own independent investigation of the 
financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer and the 
relevant Issuer Cover Pools (as defined below in “Risk Factors”). 
The delivery of this Base Prospectus does not at any time imply that the information contained 
herein concerning the Issuer and/or the Issuer Cover Pools is correct at any time subsequent to the date 
hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any 
time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers expressly do 
not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Issuer Cover Pools during 
the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in Covered Bonds issued under the Programme of 
any information coming to their attention. Investors should review, inter alia, the documents deemed 
incorporated herein by reference when deciding whether or not to purchase any Covered Bonds. Neither 
the Arrangers nor the Dealers have undertaken, nor will they undertake, any investigations, searches or 
other actions in respect of the loans and other assets contained or to be contained in the Issuer Cover 
Pools, but will instead rely on the obligations of the Issuer under the Danish Covered Bond Legislation. 
None of the Dealers will verify or monitor the application of the proceeds of any Green Covered Bonds 
(as defined below) issued under this Programme.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
Each potential investor of Covered Bonds must determine the suitability of that investment in 
light of its own circumstances. In particular, each investor should: (i) have sufficient knowledge and 
experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Covered Bonds, the merits and risks of 
investing in the relevant Covered Bonds and the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement to this Base Prospectus; (ii) have access to, and 
knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular financial situation, 
an investment in the relevant Covered Bonds and the impact such investment will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; (iii) have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an 
investment in the Covered Bonds, including Covered Bonds with principal or interest payable in one or 
more currencies, or where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the currency 
in which such potential investor’s financial activities are principally denominated; (iv) understand 
thoroughly the terms of the relevant Covered Bonds and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and (v) be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial 
adviser) possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment 
and its ability to bear the applicable risks. The investment activities of certain investors are subject to 
legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Covered Bonds under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.  
The Covered Bonds have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (the “Securities Act”), and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) except in 
accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act or pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Covered Bonds may be 
restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that this 
document may be lawfully distributed, or that any Covered Bonds may be lawfully offered, in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant 
to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution 
or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers that would permit a 
public offering of any Covered Bonds or distribution of this document in any jurisdiction where action 
for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Covered Bonds may be offered or sold, directly or 
indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be 
distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance 
with any applicable laws and regulations and the Dealers have represented that all offers and sales by 
them will be made on the same terms. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any 
Covered Bonds come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions. In particular, 
there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Covered Bonds 
in the United States, the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom (“UK”), Denmark and Japan 
(see “Subscription and Sale” below). 
Registered Covered Bonds may be offered and sold in the United States exclusively to persons 
reasonably believed by the Dealers to be qualified institutional buyers (“QIBs”). Each U.S. purchaser 
of Registered Covered Bonds is hereby notified that the offer and sale of any Registered Covered Bonds 
to it may be made in reliance upon the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities 
Act provided by Rule 144A under the Securities Act or any other applicable exemption. To permit 
compliance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act in connection with the resales of Registered 
Covered Bonds, the Issuer is required to furnish, upon request of a holder of a Registered Covered Bond 
and a prospective purchaser designated by such holder, the information required to be delivered under 
Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act. Registered Covered Bonds are not transferable to other 
holders within the United States except upon satisfaction of certain conditions as described under 
“Subscription and Sale”.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
The Covered Bonds have not been recommended by or approved or disapproved by the United 
States Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) or any other federal or state securities 
commission in the United States nor has the SEC or any other federal or state securities commission 
confirmed the accuracy or determined the adequacy of this Base Prospectus. Any representation to the 
contrary is a criminal offence in the United States. The Covered Bonds are subject to restrictions on 
transferability and resale and may not be transferred or resold except as permitted under applicable 
federal or state securities laws pursuant to a registration statement or an exemption from registration. 
Investors should be aware that they may be required to bear the financial risks of this investment for an 
indefinite period of time. 
The Issuer is a commercial bank with limited liability organised under the laws of Denmark. 
None of the directors and executive officers of the Issuer is a resident of the United States, and all or a 
substantial portion of the assets of the Issuer and such persons are located outside the United States. As 
a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon 
the Issuer or such persons or to enforce against any of them in the United States courts judgments 
obtained in United States courts, including judgments predicated upon the civil liability provisions of 
the securities laws of the United States or any State or territory within the United States. 
This Base Prospectus includes “forward-looking statements”. All statements other than 
statements of historical facts included in this Base Prospectus, including, without limitation, those 
regarding the Issuer’s financial position, business strategy, plans and objectives of management for 
future operations, are forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements involve known and 
unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results, performance or 
achievements of the Issuer, or industry results, to be materially different from any future results, 
performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such forward-
looking statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding the Issuer’s present and future 
business strategies and the environment in which the Issuer will operate in the future. Important factors 
that could cause the Issuer’s actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those 
in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the section titled 
“Risk Factors”. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made. 
The Issuer expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions 
to any forward-looking statement contained herein to reflect any change in the Issuer’s expectations 
with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement 
is based. 
For so long as any Covered Bonds remain outstanding and are “restricted securities” (as defined 
in Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act), the Issuer shall, during any period in which it is neither 
subject to Sections 13 or 15(d) of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 
“Exchange Act”) nor exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) under the Exchange Act, make 
available to any holder of, or beneficial owner of an interest in, such Covered Bonds in connection with 
any resale thereof and to any prospective purchaser designated by such holder or beneficial owner, in 
each case upon request, the information specified in, and meeting the requirements of, Rule 144A(d)(4) 
under the Securities Act. 
All references in this Base Prospectus to “U.S. Dollars”, “U.S. $”, “USD” and “$” refer to 
United States Dollars, those to “DKK” refer to Danish Kroner, those to “Yen” refer to Japanese Yen, 
and those to “euro”, “EUR” and “€” refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of 
European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European 
Union, as amended, of those members of the European Union which are participating in the European 
economic and monetary union (the “Eurozone”). 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision 
of a law is a reference to that law or provision as supplemented, amended, modified, varied, extended, 
replaced or re-enacted from time to time.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical 
terms have been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be 
ascribed to them under the applicable law. Capitalised terms used in this Base Prospectus have been 
defined in the section titled “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” or throughout this Base 
Prospectus.  
Accordingly, references to the Terms and Conditions shall be construed as references to the 
Terms and Conditions unless the context specifically states otherwise. 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF ANY TRANCHE OF COVERED BONDS, THE 
DEALER OR DEALERS (IF ANY) NAMED AS THE STABILISATION MANAGER(S) (OR 
PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY STABILISATION MANAGER(S)) IN THE 
RELEVANT FINAL TERMS OR PRICING SUPPLEMENT MAY OVER-ALLOT COVERED 
BONDS OR EFFECT TRANSACTIONS WITH A VIEW TO SUPPORTING THE MARKET PRICE 
OF THE COVERED BONDS AT A LEVEL HIGHER THAN THAT WHICH MIGHT OTHERWISE 
PREVAIL. HOWEVER, STABILISATION MAY NOT NECESSARILY OCCUR. ANY 
STABILISATION ACTION MAY BEGIN ON OR AFTER THE DATE ON WHICH ADEQUATE 
PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF THE TERMS OF THE OFFER OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF 
COVERED BONDS IS MADE AND, IF BEGUN, MAY CEASE AT ANY TIME, BUT IT MUST 
END NO LATER THAN THE EARLIER OF THIRTY DAYS AFTER THE ISSUE DATE OF THE 
RELEVANT TRANCHE OF COVERED BONDS AND SIXTY DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF THE 
ALLOTMENT OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF COVERED BONDS. ANY STABILISATION 
ACTION OR OVER-ALLOTMENT MUST BE CONDUCTED BY THE RELEVANT 
STABILISATION 
MANAGER(S) 
(OR 
PERSONS 
ACTING 
ON 
BEHALF 
OF 
ANY 
STABILISATION MANAGER(S)) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND 
RULES. 
The rating of certain Series (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” below) 
of Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Series of 
Covered Bonds will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA Regulation”) will be disclosed in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. In general, European regulated investors are restricted 
from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has 
not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). 
A list of registered credit rating agencies is available on the European Securities and Markets Authority 
(“ESMA”) website at www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs (list last updated 
on 10 July 2024).  
In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if 
such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”). In the case of ratings issued by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country 
credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third 
country credit rating agency that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is 
subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may 
be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a certain limited period of time, transitional relief 
accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided 
the relevant conditions are satisfied.  
Interest and/or other amounts payable under Floating Rate Covered Bonds may be calculated 
by reference to certain Reference Rates (as defined in the Terms and Conditions). Any such Reference

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
Rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “Benchmarks 
Regulation”). If any such Reference Rate does constitute such a benchmark, the relevant Final Terms 
will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register 
of administrators and benchmarks) of the Benchmarks Regulation. The registration status of any 
administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required 
by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the relevant Final Terms to reflect any change 
in the registration status of the administrator. 
EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in respect of any Covered Bonds includes a 
legend titled “Prohibition of Sales to European Economic Area Retail Investors”, the Covered Bonds 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For these purposes a 
“retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 
(as amended) (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the European Economic Area has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.  
UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in respect of any Covered Bonds includes a 
legend titled “Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors”, the Covered Bonds are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a “retail investor” means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) (“FSMA”) and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 on markets in financial instruments as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”) (“UK MiFIR”); or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or 
selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET 
The relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in respect of any Covered Bonds may include 
a legend titled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a “distributor”) 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Covered Bonds about whether, for the 
purpose of the MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID 
Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in 
respect of such Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purposes of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET 
The relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in respect of any Covered Bonds may include 
a legend titled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. 
A distributor (as defined above) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook 
(the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Covered Bonds about whether, for the 
purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds 
is a manufacturer in respect of such Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers 
nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purposes of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ......................................................................... 9 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................. 18 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE........................................................................ 38 
OVERVIEW OF DANISH LEGISLATION RELATING TO COVERED BONDS .......................... 42 
ISSUER’S LICENCE TO ISSUE COVERED BONDS AND ISSUER COVER POOLS .................. 47 
FORM OF THE COVERED BONDS .................................................................................................. 52 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS ............................................................. 59 
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS........................................................................................................... 108 
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT .......................................................................................... 125 
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................... 140 
DESCRIPTION OF THE DANSKE BANK GROUP ........................................................................ 141 
OVERVIEW OF KEY DERIVATIVE CONTRACT PROVISIONS ................................................ 153 
TAXATION ........................................................................................................................................ 157 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................... 159 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................. 164

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following description of key features of the Programme does not purport to be complete 
and is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus. Words and expressions defined 
in “Form of the Covered Bonds” or “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” below shall have 
the same meanings in this description of key features of the Programme. 
 
Issuer: 
Danske Bank A/S 
Arrangers: 
BNP Paribas 
 
Danske Bank A/S 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
Dealers: 
BNP Paribas  
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
 
Danske Bank A/S 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
 
Natixis 
 
NatWest Markets Plc 
 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
Fiscal Agent and Principal Registrar: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch  
Irish Listing Agent: 
Matheson LLP 
VP Systems Agent: 
Danske Bank A/S 
Programme Amount: 
EUR 30,000,000,000 (and, for this purpose, any Covered 
Bonds denominated in another currency shall be translated 
into euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Covered 
Bonds using the spot rate of exchange for the purchase of 
such currency against payment of euros being quoted by the 
Fiscal Agent on the date on which the relevant agreement 
in respect of the relevant Tranche was made or such other 
rate as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree) in 
aggregate principal amount of Covered Bonds outstanding 
at any one time. 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Covered 
Bonds which may be outstanding under the Programme 
may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance 
with the relevant provisions of the Dealership Agreement.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
Issuance in Series: 
Covered Bonds will be issued in Series. Each Series may 
comprise one or more Tranches issued on different issue 
dates. The Covered Bonds of each Series will all be subject 
to identical terms, except that the issue date, the date of the 
first payment of interest (if any), the amount, and/or the 
issue price thereof may be different in respect of different 
Tranches. 
Categories of Covered Bonds: 
Where the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement 
specifies that a Covered Bond is a Category C Covered 
Bond, the relevant Issuer Cover Pool shall be the Category 
C Cover Pool.  
Where the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement 
specifies that a Covered Bond is a Category D Covered 
Bond, the relevant Issuer Cover Pool shall be the Category 
D Cover Pool. 
Where the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement 
specifies that a Covered Bond is a Category I Covered 
Bond, the relevant Issuer Cover Pool shall be the Category 
I Cover Pool.  
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement: 
Each Tranche of Covered Bonds other than Exempt 
Covered Bonds will be the subject of the Final Terms 
which, for the purposes of that Tranche only, completes the 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds. Each Tranche 
of Exempt Covered Bonds will be the subject of the Pricing 
Supplement which, for the purposes of that Tranche only, 
completes and/or amends and/or replaces the Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds. Each Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement must be read in conjunction with this 
Base Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to 
any particular Tranche of Covered Bonds are the Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds as completed by the 
relevant Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Covered 
Bonds) as completed and/or amended and/or replaced by 
the relevant Pricing Supplement. See also “Exempt 
Covered Bonds” below. 
Distribution: 
Covered Bonds may be distributed by way of private or 
public placement and in each case on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Covered Bonds may be denominated in any currency or 
currencies, subject to compliance with all applicable legal 
and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements (each a 
“Specified Currency”).  
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations 
and directives, any maturity as agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s).

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
Issue Price: 
Covered Bonds may be issued at any price, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
Form of Covered Bonds: 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in bearer form, 
registered form or, in the case of VP Systems Covered 
Bonds, uncertificated book entry form, as described in 
“Form of Covered Bonds” below. VP Systems Covered 
Bonds will not be evidenced by any physical covered bond 
or document of title. Entitlements to VP Systems Covered 
Bonds will be evidenced by the crediting of VP Systems 
Covered Bonds to accounts with the relevant VP, VPS or 
Euroclear Sweden (as the case may be). 
In respect of each Tranche of Bearer Covered Bonds, the 
Issuer will deliver a Temporary Global Covered Bond or a 
Permanent Global Covered Bond. Interests in each 
Temporary Global Covered Bond will, not earlier than 
forty days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the 
Covered Bonds upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership, be exchangeable for interests in a Permanent 
Global Covered Bond or, if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, for Definitive Covered 
Bonds in bearer form in accordance with its terms. Interests 
in each Permanent Global Covered Bond will be 
exchangeable for Definitive Covered Bonds in bearer form. 
Definitive Covered Bonds in bearer form will, if interest-
bearing, have Coupons attached and, if appropriate, Talons. 
In respect of each Tranche of Registered Covered Bonds, 
the Issuer will deliver to each holder Registered Covered 
Bonds which will be recorded in the register which the 
Issuer shall procure to be kept by the Registrar. A Global 
Registered Covered Bond may be registered in the name of 
a nominee for one or more clearing systems or, in the case 
of Registered Covered Bonds held under the NSS, in the 
name of a nominee of the common safe-keeper. Registered 
Covered Bonds will not be represented upon issue by a 
Temporary Global Covered Bond and may not be 
exchanged for Bearer Covered Bonds. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC, VP, VPS 
and/or Euroclear Sweden and/or, in relation to any Tranche 
of Covered Bonds, any other clearing system as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement.  
Status of the Covered Bonds: 
Each relevant Category of Covered Bonds constitutes 
ordinary and unsubordinated obligations issued in 
accordance with the Danish Covered Bond Legislation and 
ranks pari passu among themselves and with related 
derivative contracts contained in the relevant Issuer Cover 
Pool (as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement). Senior Debt (if any) ranks immediately

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
thereafter. To the extent that claims in relation to the 
relevant Category of Covered Bonds and related derivative 
contracts, 
any 
refinancing 
bonds 
issued 
by 
the 
administrator, any short-term loans taken out by the 
administrator and any Senior Debt (if any) issued with the 
benefit of the assets in the relevant Issuer Cover Pool are 
not met out of the pool of assets or the proceeds arising 
from it, the residual claims will rank pari passu with the 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, 
including obligations under preferred senior obligations, 
and ahead of the obligations under the non-preferred senior 
debt obligations of the Issuer as well as ahead of the 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer. See “Overview of 
Danish Legislation Relating to Covered Bonds”. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds: 
Covered Bonds may provide for interest based on a fixed 
rate (“Fixed Rate Covered Bonds”). Interest will be 
payable on Fixed Rate Covered Bonds on such date or dates 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) (as specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement) and on redemption. 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds: 
Covered Bonds may provide for interest based on a floating 
rate (“Floating Rate Covered Bonds”). Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds will bear interest at a rate determined: 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a 
notional interest-rate swap transaction in the 
relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions; or 
(ii) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the 
agreed screen page of a commercial quotation 
service; or 
(iii) 
on such other basis as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) for 
each Series of Floating Rate Covered Bonds. 
Other provisions in relation to Floating 
Rate Covered Bonds: 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds may also have a maximum 
interest rate, a minimum interest rate or both (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement). 
Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds in respect of each 
Interest Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s), will be payable on such Interest 
Payment Dates and will be calculated on the basis of such 
Day Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s).

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds: 
Covered Bonds may provide that no interest is payable 
(“Zero Coupon Covered Bonds”). Zero Coupon Covered 
Bonds will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Redemption: 
The relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement will 
indicate the scheduled maturity date of such Covered 
Bonds (the “Maturity Date”) and will also indicate 
whether such Covered Bonds can be redeemed prior to their 
stated maturity for taxation reasons or whether such 
Covered Bonds will be redeemable at the option of the 
Issuer (“Call Option”) and/or at the option of the Covered 
Bondholders (“Put Option”), in each case upon giving the 
applicable irrevocable notice (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement) to the Covered 
Bondholders or the Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or 
dates specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, at the maturity and at a price or prices and on 
such terms as are specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement. 
Statutory 
Maturity 
Extension 
and 
extension options for Covered Bonds that 
are to be consolidated and form a single 
Series with Covered Bonds issued prior to 
8 July 2022: 
In respect of any issuances of Covered Bonds after 8 July 
2022, according to the Danish Covered Bond Legislation, 
any administrator that has been appointed in the event of 
insolvency of the Issuer, revocation of the Issuer’s banking 
licence or the revocation of the Issuer’s Covered Bond 
Licence will in certain circumstances have the possibility 
of extending the maturity of the Covered Bonds by one 
year.  
However, in respect of any Covered Bonds that are to be 
consolidated and form a single series with any Category D 
Covered Bonds issued after 1 January 2015 and before 8 
July 2022, according to the Danish Covered Bond 
Legislation, an administrator that has been appointed in the 
event of insolvency of the Issuer, revocation of the Issuer’s 
banking licence or revocation of the Issuer’s Covered 
Bonds Licence will in certain circumstances have the 
possibility of extending the maturity of the Covered Bonds 
by one year at a time.  
In addition, for any Covered Bonds that are to be 
consolidated and form a single Series with Covered Bonds 
issued prior to 8 July 2022, where the relevant Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement provide that an Extended Maturity 
Date applies to such Series of Covered Bonds, the Issuer 
fails to redeem the relevant Covered Bonds in full on the 
Maturity Date or within three Business Days thereafter, the 
maturity of the outstanding Covered Bonds and the date on 
which such Covered Bonds will be due and repayable for 
the purposes of the Terms and Conditions will be 
automatically extended up to but no later than the Extended 
Maturity Date, (A) subject as otherwise provided for in the

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and (B) 
provided that, (unless to do so would result in the Issuer 
being unable to maintain the relevant credit rating(s) from 
the relevant rating agencies appointed by the Issuer at the 
relevant time in respect of such Series of Covered Bonds) 
the Issuer may impose restrictions on the circumstances in 
which such automatic extension can apply if it determines 
in its sole and absolute discretion that such restrictions are 
required to ensure that the relevant Covered Bonds remain 
compliant with the Danish Covered Bond Legislation. In 
the event that the maturity is automatically extended, the 
Issuer may redeem all or any part of the principal amount 
outstanding of the Covered Bonds on any Interest Payment 
Date falling in any month after the Maturity Date up to and 
including the Extended Maturity Date or as otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement. 
As regards interest on Covered Bonds to which an 
Extended Maturity Date so applies, if the Issuer fails to 
redeem the relevant Covered Bonds in full on the Maturity 
Date or within three Business Days thereafter, the Covered 
Bonds will bear interest on the principal amount 
outstanding of the Covered Bonds from (and including) the 
Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Extended Maturity 
Date or, if the Covered Bonds are redeemed prior to the 
Extended Maturity Date, the Interest Payment Date on 
which they are redeemed, based on a floating rate 
calculated with reference to EURIBOR or its equivalent 
depending on the currency of the relevant Covered Bonds 
and will be payable in respect of the Interest Period ending 
immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date in 
arrear or as otherwise provided for in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement on each Interest Payment 
Date after the Maturity Date at the rate specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
In the case of Covered Bonds which are Zero Coupon 
Covered Bonds up to (and including) the Maturity Date and 
for which an Extended Maturity Date applies, the initial 
outstanding principal amount on the Maturity Date for the 
above purposes will be the total amount otherwise payable 
by the Issuer but unpaid on the relevant Covered Bonds on 
the Maturity Date. 
See “Role and Powers of the administrator” in “Risk 
Factors” above and “Overview of Danish Legislation 
Relating to Covered Bonds” below. 
Denominations: 
Covered Bonds will be issued in such denominations as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) and as specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement save that the minimum denomination

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
of each Covered Bond admitted to trading on a regulated 
market in the European Economic Area for the purposes of 
MiFID II or offered to the public in a Member State or in 
the UK in circumstances which would otherwise require the 
publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation, as applicable, 
will be EUR 100,000 (or, if the Covered Bonds are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amount in such currency at the time of issue) or such other 
amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by 
the relevant regulatory authority or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant Specified Currency.  
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Covered Bonds will be made 
without deduction for or on account of withholding taxes 
imposed within Denmark, subject as provided in Condition 
8 (Taxation). 
Negative Pledge: 
The Covered Bonds will not contain a negative pledge 
provision. 
Cross Default and other Events of 
Default: 
The Covered Bonds will not contain a cross-default 
provision or any other events of default entitling Covered 
Bondholders to demand immediate redemption. 
Listing and Admission to Trading: 
Each Series may be listed on Euronext Dublin and/or 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any other 
listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) and specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement or may be issued on the basis that they 
will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by 
any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system.  
Governing Law: 
The Covered Bonds and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with them will be governed 
by, and construed in accordance with, English law except 
for Condition 4 (Status of the Covered Bonds), Condition 
16.6 (Acknowledgement of Danish Statutory Cover Pool 
Powers and Danish Statutory Stay Powers) and the 
registration of Covered Bonds in VP, which will be 
governed by, and construed in accordance with, Danish 
law. In the case of registration of Covered Bonds in VPS or 
Euroclear Sweden, these shall be governed by Norwegian 
and Swedish laws and regulations, respectively. 
VP Systems Covered Bonds must comply with the relevant 
regulations of VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden (as the case 
may be) and the holders of VP Systems Covered Bonds will 
be entitled to the rights and are subject to the obligations 
and liabilities which arise under the relevant regulations 
and legislation in Denmark, Norway or Sweden.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
Ratings: 
Each Issuer Cover Pool and/or Covered Bond issue has 
been or may be rated by at least one of the following rating 
agencies: S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”), 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch”), Scope Ratings 
GmbH (“Scope”), Moody’s Investors Service (Nordics) 
AB (“Moody’s”) and Nordic Credit Rating AS (“NCR”). 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has been 
rated by each of S&P, Fitch, Scope and Moody’s as 
follows: 
 
 
S&P 
Fitch 
 
Scope 
Moody’s 
 
long-term Issuer 
rating 
A+ 
A+ 
A+ 
A1 
 
short-term Issuer 
rating 
A-1 
F1 
S-1+ 
P-1 
 
Each of S&P, Fitch, Scope, Moody’s and NCR is 
established in the European Union and is registered under 
the CRA Regulation and is included in the list of credit 
rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation as of the date of this Base Prospectus. This list 
is 
available 
on 
the 
ESMA 
website 
at 
www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-
CRAs (list last updated on 10 July 2024).  
 
Tranches of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme 
may be rated or unrated. Where a Series of Covered Bonds 
is expected to be rated, such expected rating will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement.  
 
Up-to-date information should always be sought by direct 
reference to the relevant rating agency. 
 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. In 
addition, there is no guarantee that any rating of an Issuer 
Cover Pool, any Series of Covered Bonds and/or the Issuer 
assigned by any such rating agency will be maintained by 
the Issuer following the date of this Base Prospectus and 
the Issuer may seek to obtain ratings of an Issuer Cover 
Pool, any Series of Covered Bonds and/or the Issuer from 
other rating agencies. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are selling restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer 
of the Covered Bonds in the United States, the European 
Economic Area, the UK, Denmark and Japan and such

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
other restrictions as may be required in connection with the 
offering and sale of a particular Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
See “Subscription and Sale”. 
For United States securities law only, the Issuer is a 
Category 2 issuer under Regulation S. Bearer Covered 
Bonds will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treasury 
Regulations §1.163-5 (c) (2) (i) (D) (or any successor 
United States Treasury regulation section, including 
without limitation, successor regulations issued in 
accordance with Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 
or otherwise in connection with the United States Hiring 
Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) (the “D 
Rules”) or 1.163-5 (c) (2) (i) (C) (or any successor United 
States Treasury regulation section, including without 
limitation, successor regulations issued in accordance with 
Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in 
connection with the United States Hiring Incentives to 
Restore Employment Act of 2010) (the “C Rules”), unless 
the Bearer Covered Bonds are issued in circumstances in 
which the Bearer Covered Bonds will not constitute 
“Registration required obligations” for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes, which circumstances will be referred to in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as a transaction 
to which TEFRA is not applicable. 
Exempt Covered Bonds: 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Exempt Covered 
Bonds may be issued in a form not contemplated by the 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds and this 
General Description of the Programme, in which event the 
relevant provisions will be included in the relevant Pricing 
Supplement.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
RISK FACTORS  
Prospective investors should read the entire Base Prospectus and reach their own views prior 
to making any investment decision. 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may 
not occur.  
Factors which the Issuer believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks 
associated with Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the material risks inherent in 
investing in Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, but the Issuer may be unable to pay interest, 
principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Covered Bonds for other reasons which may 
not be considered significant risks by the Issuer based on information currently available to it and 
which it may not currently be able to anticipate.  
The risks outlined below do not consider an investor’s specific knowledge and/or understanding 
about risks typically associated with the Issuer and the acquisition and ownership of Covered Bonds, 
whether obtained through experience, training or otherwise, or the lack of such specific knowledge 
and/or understanding, or circumstances that may apply to a particular investor. 
Words and expressions defined in the “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” below or 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this section, unless otherwise stated. 
Factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Covered Bonds issued 
under the Programme 
Risks relating to the mortgage loan business and the relevant real estate markets and economies 
The location of the Mortgaged Properties is concentrated in certain countries 
Mortgaged real estate in respect of residential properties securing the Covered Bonds issued 
under the Programme may be located in Denmark in the case of Category D Covered Bonds, or in 
Denmark, Sweden and/or Norway, and/or possibly in other countries in which the Issuer operates or 
will operate subject to the prior approval of the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority (Finanstilsynet) 
(the “DFSA”) in the case of Category I Covered Bonds. Mortgaged real estate in respect of 
“commercial” (as explained in “Issuer’s Licence to issue Covered Bonds and Issuer Cover Pools” 
below) and/or residential properties securing the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme may be 
located in Sweden and/or Norway, and/or possibly in other countries in which the Issuer operates or 
will operate subject to the prior approval of the DFSA in the case of Category C Covered Bonds. Such 
real estate properties may be concentrated in certain locations such as densely populated and highly 
industrialised areas and any deterioration in prices in the residential or, as the case may be, commercial, 
real estate markets and any deterioration in the economic conditions in such areas may adversely affect 
the ability of the borrowers to make payments on the loans. The concentration of loans secured by 
residential or, as the case may be, commercial properties in such areas may, therefore, result in a greater 
risk of non-payment than if such concentration had not been present. 
To the extent that specific geographic regions have experienced or may experience in the future 
regional economic conditions and residential and/or commercial real estate markets that are weaker 
than other regions, a concentration of loans in such a region may increase the risk to the mortgage loans 
described herein.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
Moreover, such factors may have an impact on the value of the properties. If the residential or, 
as the case may be, commercial real estate markets in the countries where mortgaged properties are 
located experience an overall decline in property values, the value of the relevant pool of assets 
maintained by the Issuer being the Category C Cover Pool, the Category D Cover Pool or the Category 
I Cover Pool (together the “Issuer Cover Pool(s)” or each a “relevant Issuer Cover Pool”) could be 
significantly reduced and, may ultimately, result in losses allocable to the relevant Category of Covered 
Bonds should it be necessary to enforce the security granted in respect of such properties. 
Economic conditions in the relevant countries could have an adverse effect 
As the assets which make up the relevant Issuer Cover Pool may include loans secured by 
mortgages on (i) residential properties which may be located in Denmark in the case of Category D 
Covered Bonds, or in Denmark, Sweden and/or Norway, and/or possibly in other countries where the 
Issuer operates or will operate subject to prior approval of the DFSA in the case of Category I Covered 
Bonds or (ii) “commercial” and/or residential properties which may be located in Sweden and/or 
Norway, and/or possibly in other countries in which the Issuer operates or will operate subject to the 
prior approval of the DFSA in the case of Category C Covered Bonds then, to the extent that these 
countries constitute a material part of the Issuer’s business, the values of the assets and the ability of 
the Issuer to continue to make timely payments on the relevant Category of Covered Bonds could be 
adversely affected by, among other things, adverse developments in the relevant economies and/or 
residential and/or, as the case may be, commercial real estate markets.  
Business risk factors could result in an adverse effect 
In relation to the loans in the relevant Issuer Cover Pool that are granted with mortgages as 
collateral, the credit risk may partly be related to the performance of (i) the residential real estate market 
in Denmark in the case of Category D Covered Bonds, or in Denmark, Sweden and/or Norway, and/or 
possibly in other countries where the Issuer operates or will operate subject to the prior approval of the 
DFSA in the case of Category I Covered Bonds or (ii) the “commercial” and/or residential real estate 
markets in Sweden and/or Norway, and/or possibly in other countries in which the Issuer operates or 
will operate subject to the prior approval of the DFSA in the case of Category C Covered Bonds. There 
can be no guarantees regarding the future development of the value of the collateral. Should the prices 
of real property generally, and the residential and/or commercial real estate markets in particular, 
substantially decline, this could affect the Issuer’s financial position and, in turn, its ability to service 
the Covered Bonds. 
In particular, with respect to Category C Covered Bonds and Category I Covered Bonds, when 
security is enforced, a court order may be needed to establish the borrower’s obligation to pay and to 
enable a sale by executive measures. The Issuer’s ability to make use of the collateral with respect to 
Category C Covered Bonds and Category I Covered Bonds without the consent of the borrower may be 
dependent on the relevant court decision and the executive measures, on other relevant circumstances 
in the relevant mortgage market and on prevailing levels of demand for the relevant real property. 
There are many circumstances that affect the level of credit losses, early repayments, 
withdrawals and final payments of interest and principal amounts, such as changes in the economic 
climate, both nationally and internationally, and changes regarding taxation, interest rate developments, 
level of unemployment, inflation and/or the political environment. Borrowers may default as a result of 
interest rate increases or as a result of adverse developments in their own personal circumstances (for 
example, in respect of residential mortgages following redundancy or divorce and in respect of 
commercial mortgages, following insolvency of the borrower and/or insolvency of the tenant of the 
relevant commercial property and/or failure (for any reason) by such tenant to make rental payments in 
respect of such commercial property).

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
Default in respect of the assets comprised in the relevant Issuer Cover Pool could jeopardise 
the Issuer’s ability to make payments in full or on a timely basis on the relevant Category of Covered 
Bonds. Risks attaching to the relevant Category of Covered Bonds as a result of default in respect of 
the assets in the relevant Issuer Cover Pool are reduced by a number of features of the Covered Bonds, 
including the ability of the Issuer to substitute assets to and from the relevant Issuer Cover Pool. 
However, if a material amount of assets in the relevant Issuer Cover Pool were to default, there is no 
guarantee that the required level of assets within the relevant Issuer Cover Pool could be maintained or 
that the Issuer would be in a position to substitute non-defaulting assets for the defaulting assets.  
Risks relating to the Issuer 
The Danske Bank Group is exposed to a variety of risks, the most significant of which are strategic risk, 
credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, life insurance risk, operational risk, information technology & 
security risk, data risk, financial crime risk and regulatory compliance risk. Furthermore, sustainability 
risk and conduct risk are considered as cross-taxonomy risk drivers which may impact all the above-
mentioned risk types  
The Danske Bank Group (the “Danske Bank Group” or the “Group”) is exposed to a number 
of risks and manages them at different organisational levels. The principal risk categories are as follows: 
• 
Strategic risk: The risk of not achieving strategic business objectives such as profit or loss 
targets due to either internal or external factors.  
• 
Credit risk: The risk of loss arising from the failure of a borrower or obligor to meet its 
contractual obligation towards the Group.  
• 
Market risk: The risk of loss in on- and off-balance sheet positions arising from adverse 
movements in market prices. 
• 
Liquidity risk: The risk of not having sufficient liquidity or funding which can result in having 
to issue instruments at excessive costs, inability to pursue the business strategy, or failing 
payment obligations. 
• 
Life insurance risk: The risk of loss resulting from life insurance activities. 
• 
Operational risk: The risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people 
and systems or from external events, including legal risks. 
• 
Information technology and security risk: Risk of loss due to breach of confidentiality, failure 
of integrity of systems and data or inappropriateness or unavailability of systems and data. This 
includes security risks resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes or external events 
including cyber-attacks. 
• 
Data risk: Risk of loss due to untimely or flawed decision making based on insufficient or 
inappropriate data. 
• 
Financial crime: The risk of internal or external parties using the Group’s infrastructure, 
products and services to move and conceal proceeds of criminal conduct, defraud, manipulate 
or circumvent established rules, laws and regulations, particularly in the areas of money 
laundering, terrorist financing, sanction violations as well as bribery and corruption, fraud and 
tax evasion/facilitation of tax evasion. 
• 
Regulatory compliance risk: The risk of or incurring regulatory, criminal, or administrative 
sanctions, material financial loss, or loss of reputation, which the Group may suffer as a result

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
of its failure to comply with laws, rules and standards applicable to the Group’s activities in the 
areas of treating customers fairly, market integrity, data protection and confidentiality and 
breach of licensing, accreditation and registration requirements. 
The cross-taxonomy risk drivers, which may impact all the risk categories listed above, are: 
• 
Sustainability risk: The risk of significant negative impact on the Group’s financials, operations 
and/or reputation, due to current or prospective impacts from – environmental, social or 
governance events or conditions. 
• 
Conduct risk: The risk that the Group’s behaviour in supplying financial services, causes 
customer detriment or damages the integrity of financial markets. 
 
The Group assesses risks impact in the following categories: financial impact, regulatory 
impact, reputational impact, customer impact and market impact. Failure to control these risks could 
result in adverse effects on the Issuer.  
Regulatory changes could materially affect the Issuer’s business 
The Group has legal entities and branches in the European Union, including in member states 
whose currency is the euro, as well as legal entities and branches outside the European Union. The 
Group is subject to financial services laws, regulations, administrative actions and policies in Denmark 
and in each other jurisdiction in which the Group carries out regulated activities. Changes in supervision 
and regulation, in particular in European Union law and Danish law, could materially affect the Issuer’s 
own funds requirements (as described below in “The Issuer faces a possible increase in own funds 
requirements due to the finalisation of the Basel III Framework”), business, the products and services 
offered and/or the value of its assets. Although the Issuer works closely with its regulators and 
continually monitors relevant regulatory developments, future changes in regulation, fiscal policies or 
other policies can be unpredictable and are beyond the control of the Issuer. 
The Group operates in a legal and regulatory environment that exposes it to potentially significant 
litigation and regulatory risks 
The Group may become involved in various disputes and legal proceedings in Denmark and 
other jurisdictions, including litigation and regulatory investigations. The Group’s banking and other 
operations, including its insurance operations, like those of other financial services companies, have 
been the subject of regulatory scrutiny from time to time. For example, the Group is subject to applicable 
anti-money laundering (“AML”) and terrorist financing laws. The supervisory authorities conduct on-
going inspections from time to time of the Group’s compliance with AML legislation, sanctions, and 
terrorist financing laws, which can potentially lead to supervisory actions. 
The Group is also subject to various laws and regulations relating to financial and economic 
sanctions in the jurisdictions in which it operates, including but not limited to those of the Nordic 
countries, the European Union, the United Kingdom and the United States. In connection with voluntary 
reporting by the Group or its correspondent banks, or otherwise as part of the Group’s dialogue with 
such regulatory authorities, the Group from time to time shares information with them pertaining to the 
Group’s compliance with its obligations, and in relation to certain customer payments and other 
transactions that may have been made illegally or for improper purposes using the Group’s banking 
network. The Group has made such voluntary self-reporting to relevant authorities and, owing to the 
Group’s business volume, it has ongoing dialogues with regulatory authorities in various jurisdictions, 
and the outcome of such discussions is often uncertain. Although the Group has adopted policies and 
procedures aimed at detecting and preventing the use of its banking network for illegal or improper 
purposes, such policies and procedures are not always effective in detecting and preventing such 
transactions, and the Group is continuously seeking to enhance its procedures. The Group continues to

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
invest heavily to improve its compliance controls and procedures. Failure by the Group to comply with 
financial and economic sanctions may result in regulatory or criminal investigations, fines and other 
penalties on the Group, and its business and reputation could suffer if the Group failed to comply with 
its obligations or its customers use its banking network for such illegal or improper purposes. 
Disputes and legal proceedings generally are subject to many uncertainties, and their outcomes 
are often difficult to predict, particularly in the earlier stages of a case or investigation. Adverse 
regulatory action or adverse judgments in litigation could result in reputational harm, fines or 
restrictions or limitations on the Group’s operations, any of which could result in a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s financial condition. Further information on specific legal proceedings and 
developments are included in the section “Legal and Regulatory Proceedings” on page 145 of this Base 
Prospectus.  
The Issuer faces a possible increase in own funds requirements due to the finalisation of the Basel III 
Framework  
In December 2017, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the “BCBS”) published the 
finalisation of the Basel III framework, which included (i) the standardised approach for credit risk, (ii) 
internal ratings-based approach for credit risk, (iii) minimum capital requirements for credit valuation 
adjustment risk, (iv) minimum capital requirements for operational risk, (v) output floor and (vi) 
leverage ratio. In addition, the BCBS published the revised minimum capital requirements for market 
risk in January 2019. The above-described two publications of the BCBS are collectively referred to as 
the “Finalisation of the Basel III Framework”. 
As part of the European Union’s banking package of 2021, and in order to implement the 
Finalisation of the Basel III Framework, the European Commission adopted, in October 2021, a 
proposal to amend Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 (the “CRR III Proposal”) and a proposal to amend 
Directive 2013/36/EU (the “CRD VI Proposal”). The CRR III Proposal and CRD VI Proposal include 
several European Union-specific deviations from the Finalisation of the Basel III Framework. In June 
2023, the EU co-legislators reached a political agreement on the CRR III Proposal and the CRD IV 
Proposal, and, in May 2024, the new rules were adopted. The final legal texts were published in June 
2024, entered into force on 9 July 2024, and will apply from 1 January 2025. Taking into account the 
transitional arrangements with regard to the output floor, the Group currently expects the output floor 
to restrict the Group at the earliest in 2033, when the transitional arrangements are set to lapse. As 
CRR III and CRD VI are subject to a lengthy phase-in period until at least 2033, the Bank cannot 
determine their precise effects on the Bank’s or the Group’s financial performance or their impact on 
the pricing of its Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. Prospective investors in the Covered 
Bonds should consult their own advisers as to the consequences of any implementation of CRR III and 
CRD VI. 
European Union law includes Directive (2014/59/EU) of the European Parliament and of the 
Council on resolution and recovery of credit institutions and investment firms dated 15 May 2014 and 
published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 12 June 2014, as amended or replaced from 
time to time (the “BRRD”) that established a framework for the recovery and resolution of, inter alia, 
credit institutions and provides the resolution tools, including the bail-in tool, and the power to write 
down or convert relevant capital instruments and certain eligible liabilities. Should the Group enter 
into resolution this could, in certain limited circumstances, ultimately entail the bail-in of any Residual 
Claims 
The European Union’s banking package of 2019 included Directive (EU) 2019/878 (“CRD 
V”), Regulation (EU) 2019/876 (“CRR II”) and Directive (EU) 2019/879 (“BRRD II”). CRD V and 
BRRD II were implemented into Danish law via Act No. 2110 of 22 December 2020 (the “Danish 
BRRD II/CRD V Act”).

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
The Danish implementation of BRRD and BRRD II entails the risk of an application of (i) the 
resolution tools, including the application of the bail-in tool on all non-excluded liabilities, in case of a 
resolution and (ii) the power to write down or convert relevant capital instruments and certain eligible 
liabilities that may be exercised either (a) independently of a resolution action or (b) in combination 
with a resolution action, where the conditions for resolution are met. 
The general bail-in tool is not intended to apply to secured debt (such as the Covered Bonds). 
However, to the extent that claims in relation to the relevant Category of Covered Bonds are not met 
out of the assets of the relevant Issuer Cover Pool (“Residual Claims”) or the proceeds arising from it, 
the Residual Claims may be subject to write-down or conversion into equity on an application of the 
general bail-in tool, which may result in Covered Bondholders losing some or all of their investment. 
Furthermore, suspension rights are available to FS under the Danish Statutory Stay Powers. In the 
limited circumstances described above, the exercise of any power based on the implementation of 
BRRD and BRRD II or any suggestion of such exercise could, therefore, materially adversely affect the 
rights of Covered Bondholders, the price or value of their investment in any relevant Covered Bonds 
and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any relevant Covered Bonds. Prospective 
investors of Covered Bonds should consult their own advisors as to the consequences of the 
implementation of BRRD and BRRD II. 
On 18 April 2023, the European Commission published its proposal to adjust and further 
strengthen the EU’s existing bank crisis management and deposit insurance (“CMDI”) framework, with 
a focus on medium-sized and smaller banks. This includes possible amendments to the BRRD. Even 
though targeting small and medium-sized banks, the proposal includes elements that could affect the 
Group if adopted. This includes proposed changes to the approach for depositor preference and the 
potential application of deposit guarantee schemes in resolution. According to the European 
Commission’s proposal, the current so-called ‘super preference’ for covered deposits and retail deposits 
would be replaced by a one-tier depositor preference, implying that all deposits will rank pari passu. 
As the EU negotiations on the CMDI framework are on-going, the Issuer cannot precisely determine 
the potential implications on the Issuer or the Group.  
The Group faces a possible increase in own funds requirements due to the recommendation from the 
Danish Systemic Risk Council to introduce a 7 per cent. Systemic Risk Buffer Requirement on exposures 
to Danish commercial real estate companies 
On 3 October 2023, it was announced that the Danish Systemic Risk Council has recommended 
to the minister for Industry, Business and Financial Affairs to activate a sector-specific Systemic Risk 
Buffer (“SyRB”) with a buffer rate of 7 per cent. for exposures to real estate companies in Denmark. 
The Danish government has followed the recommendation and activated the SyRB effective from 30 
June 2024.  
The Group may be affected by economic and geopolitical conditions in the countries in which it operates 
The financial services industry generally prospers in conditions of economic growth, stable 
geopolitical conditions, capital markets that are transparent, liquid and buoyant, and positive investor 
sentiment. Each of the Group’s operating segments is affected by general economic and geopolitical 
conditions, which can cause the Group’s results of operations and financial position to fluctuate from 
year to year as well as on a long-term basis. The Group’s performance is in particular significantly 
influenced by the general economic conditions of the countries in which it operates, in particular the 
Nordic countries and Northern Ireland.  
The novel strain of the coronavirus (“COVID-19”) pandemic caused an economic contraction 
in the Nordic countries in 2020. Official data shows a decline in GDP in the range of 1.8 per cent. in 
Denmark to 2.8 per cent. in Norway. For comparison, the decline in the euro area was 6.2 per cent. and 
in the UK, it was 10.4 per cent. The economic contraction took place in the first half of the year,

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
primarily as a result of restrictions on activity and voluntary restraint by consumers. There was a 
resurgence in activity in the third quarter of 2020 but not enough to restore GDP to pre-pandemic levels.  
In 2021, there was a strong economic recovery in the Nordic countries as activity first 
normalised and, towards the end of the year, exceeded levels from before the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Unemployment declined and inflation increased, mostly driven by higher costs for energy and food. 
Towards the end of the year, restrictions to contain the spread of COVID-19 were reintroduced to some 
extent, but the economic effect was significantly smaller than in 2020 and the economic recovery 
continued in broad terms. Government measures continued to support the economy in 2021 along with 
very low interest rates, although the Norwegian Central Bank did increase interest rates in September 
and again in December, when the policy rate reached 0.5 per cent. 
In 2022, there was a further large increase in inflation, which also became more broad based as 
prices for most categories of consumer spending increased. In response thereto, the central banks of 
Norway and Sweden increased their policy rates sharply. The increase in inflation caused a large 
decrease in real wages in the Nordic Countries, and consumer confidence decreased sharply, in some 
cases to record lows. Unemployment continued to decline in the first months of 2022, but later stabilised 
at low levels.  
In 2023 central banks continued to hike interest rates in order to fight high inflation. The central 
banks of Norway and Sweden increased their policy rates to 4.5 per cent. and 4 per cent., respectively. 
The ECB increased its deposit rate to 4 per cent., directly affecting Eurozone countries including 
Finland, and indirectly affecting Denmark where the Danish Central Bank increased its certificate of 
deposit rate to 3.6 per cent., in order to maintain the exchange rate of Danish Kroner against euro. GDP-
growth was negative in Finland in 2023. It was 2.5 per cent. in Denmark (largely driven by the 
pharmaceutical sector), 0.1 per cent. in Sweden and 0.7 per cent. in Norway. Labour markets broadly 
remained tight and wage growth picked up supporting a rebound in consumers’ purchasing power.  
In the first half of 2024, the Nordic countries have experienced rising unemployment and, in 
some cases, contractions in GDP. Inflation has declined and interest rates have been reduced in Sweden, 
Finland (as part of the euro area) and Denmark, while the Norwegian central bank remains concerned 
about price increases and has indicated that interest rates will only be cut in 2025. Forecasts point to 
gradually higher economic growth supported by rising real incomes in households and a stronger 
European economy, as well as by the lower interest rates. House prices have continued to increase in 
Denmark, Sweden and Norway.  
The crisis did not cause a significant increase in bankruptcies in 2020 or 2021 in the Nordic 
countries. Government schemes provided liquidity support, in many cases in the form of postponement 
of tax payments. An elevated number of bankruptcies occurred in 2022/23 as these payments came due, 
and economic weakness could cause bankruptcy numbers to increase further. House prices increased 
across the Nordics in 2020 and 2021, despite the decline in GDP. House price increases accelerated 
between April 2020 and April 2021, during which house prices increased on average by 15.1 per cent. 
in Denmark, 23 per cent. in Sweden, 12.4 per cent. in Norway and 7.9 per cent. in Finland. In 2022 
house prices declined significantly, especially in Sweden, where prices in December 2022 were 17.7 
per cent. below their peak level reached in March the same year. From 2023 prices have picked up 
gradually again in Sweden and Denmark, while they have remained under pressure in Finland in 
particular. 
As Nordic countries are small, open economies, they are sensitive to disruptions in the global 
economy or the free flow of goods and services. Very accommodating central bank monetary policy 
and low interest rates have had, and could again have, an impact on the Group’s net interest income. 
Adverse economic developments have affected and will continue to affect the Group’s business in a 
number of ways, including, among others, the income, wealth, liquidity, business and/or financial 
condition of the Group’s customers, particularly its small- and medium-sized enterprise (“SME”)

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
customers, which, in turn, could further reduce the Group’s credit quality (resulting in increased 
impairment charges) and demand for the Group’s financial products and services. As a result, any or all 
of the conditions described above could continue to have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, results of operations and financial position, and measures implemented by the Group might 
not be satisfactory to reduce any credit, market and liquidity risks. 
Disruptions and volatility in the global financial markets may adversely impact the Group 
Financial markets are experiencing periods of high volatility as uncertainty surfaces over the 
state of and outlook for economies and interest rates. The market conditions have also been, and are 
likely to continue to be, affected by concerns over increased geopolitical tensions, including those 
related to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine (and the related sanctions imposed by the United States, the EU, 
the UK, Canada, Japan and Australia, among others) and the conflicts in the Middle East and tensions 
on the Korean peninsula. The global economy has been and might again be adversely affected to a 
significant extent by COVID-19 and related counter-measures. 
The factors described above could, together or individually, have a material adverse effect on 
the business, results of operations, financial position and liquidity of the Group. 
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market and other risks associated 
with Covered Bonds issued under the Programme 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Covered Bonds 
A wide range of Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme. A number of these 
Covered Bonds may have features which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below 
is a description of the most common such features: 
Covered Bonds are obligations of the Issuer only 
The Covered Bonds will constitute obligations of the Issuer which have the benefit of a statutory 
preference under the Danish Covered Bond Legislation in respect of the relevant Issuer Cover Pool. An 
investment in any of the Category C Covered Bonds, Category D Covered Bonds or the Category I 
Covered Bonds involves a reliance on the assets of the relevant Issuer Cover Pool and the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer. The Covered Bonds are not guaranteed by any member of the Danske 
Bank Group or by any other person. In addition, an investment in the Covered Bonds involves the risk 
that subsequent changes in the actual or perceived creditworthiness of the Issuer may adversely affect 
the market value of the relevant Covered Bonds.  
Category C Covered Bonds 
Category C Covered Bonds shall have the benefit of a statutory preference under the Danish 
Covered Bond Legislation in respect of the Category C Cover Pool which shall include, inter alia, loans 
secured by mortgages over “commercial” and/or residential properties which may be located in Sweden 
and/or Norway, and/or possibly in other countries in which the Issuer operates or will operate subject 
to the prior approval of the DFSA. There remains a risk that borrowers of such loans retain a residual 
right under, inter alia, the relevant local legislation, to set-off claims against the Issuer against the 
amount outstanding under their relevant loans. There is a risk that the amounts available within the 
Category C Cover Pool to repay the Category C Covered Bondholders will be decreased by the exercise 
of this right of set-off (see also “Issuer’s Licence to issue Covered Bonds and Issuer Cover Pools” 
below).  
To the extent that there may be adverse changes to the relevant “commercial” and/or residential 
real estate market(s) in Sweden and/or Norway or economy/ies generally (see “Risks relating to the

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
mortgage loan business and the relevant real estate markets and economies” above) this may have a 
negative effect on the Category C Covered Bonds. 
Category D Covered Bonds 
Category D Covered Bonds shall have the benefit of a statutory preference under the Danish 
Covered Bond Legislation in respect of the Category D Cover Pool which shall include, inter alia, loans 
secured by mortgages over residential properties located only in Denmark. To the extent that there may 
be adverse changes to the Danish residential real estate market or economy generally (see “Risks 
relating to the mortgage loan business and the relevant real estate markets and economies” above) this 
may have a negative effect on the Category D Covered Bonds. 
In relation to loans secured by mortgages that are contained in the Category D Cover Pool, 
borrowers have contractually agreed with the Issuer that they have no right of set-off against the relevant 
loans. However, notwithstanding this waiver, under Danish law there remains a risk that where a 
borrower who is also a depositor with the Issuer demands repayment of its deposit immediately prior to 
the bankruptcy of the Issuer and this demand is not met, the borrower might be permitted to exercise a 
right of set-off against the amount due under the relevant loan. To the extent that a borrower is able to 
exercise such right, assets available for Covered Bondholders in the Category D Cover Pool will be 
reduced. 
Category I Covered Bonds 
Category I Covered Bonds shall have the benefit of a statutory preference under the Danish 
Covered Bond Legislation in respect of the relevant Issuer Cover Pool. The Category I Cover Pool shall 
include, inter alia, loans secured by mortgages over residential properties which may be located in 
Denmark, Sweden and/or Norway, and/or possibly in other countries where the Issuer operates or will 
operate subject to the prior approval of the DFSA. There remains a risk that borrowers of such loans 
retain a residual right under, inter alia, the relevant local consumer legislation, to set-off claims against 
the Issuer against the amount outstanding under their relevant loans. There is a risk that the amounts 
available within the relevant Issuer Cover Pool to repay the relevant Category of Covered Bondholders 
will be decreased by the exercise of this right of set-off (see also “Issuer’s Licence to issue Covered 
Bonds and Issuer Cover Pools” below).  
To the extent that there may be adverse changes to the relevant residential real estate market(s) 
or economy/ies generally (see “Risks relating to the mortgage loan business and the relevant real estate 
markets and economies” above) this may have a negative effect on the Category I Covered Bonds. 
There are risks relating to other assets contained in the Issuer Cover Pools 
Under the Danish Covered Bond Legislation and Regulation (EU) (2013/575) (the “CRR”) the 
Issuer is permitted to include certain categories of assets in the Issuer Cover Pools other than loans 
secured by mortgages over real estate, derivative contracts and Senior Debt (as defined in “Overview of 
Danish Legislation Relating to Covered Bonds”). To the extent that these other assets may be located 
in jurisdictions other than those specified for each relevant Category of Covered Bonds or may be 
instruments issued by other financial institutions, they may be subject to country and credit risk different 
from that outlined for each relevant Category of Covered Bonds. There can be no guarantee as to the 
future development of the value of the other assets. Should the value of these other assets decrease, this 
may adversely affect the value of the relevant Issuer Cover Pool.  
Overcollateralisation and ratings 
As described in “Issuer’s Licence to issue Covered Bonds and Issuer Cover Pools” below, it is 
the current intention of the management of the Issuer to maintain a certain level of Overcollateralisation

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
(as defined in “Issuer’s Licence to issue Covered Bonds and Issuer Cover Pools” below). The rating(s) 
of the relevant Covered Bonds are based on an assumption of Overcollateralisation; if the level of 
Overcollateralisation is not maintained, the rating of the relevant Covered Bonds may change from time 
to time. To the extent that the relevant Issuer Cover Pool rating(s) are not maintained, this could have 
an impact on the market value of an investment in the relevant Covered Bonds, in particular on the 
secondary market value of such Covered Bonds. For further detail regarding Overcollateralisation, see 
“Issuer’s Licence to issue Covered Bonds and Issuer Cover Pools” below. 
There is a general right of clawback 
The Issuer currently intends, in certain circumstances, to add additional assets into the relevant 
Issuer Cover Pool to further protect investors’ interests (see above). Under Danish Law, should the 
Issuer go into bankruptcy less than three months after such additional collateral has been added to the 
relevant Issuer Cover Pool, there is a risk that other creditors of the Issuer will seek to challenge such 
addition of assets into the relevant Issuer Cover Pool on the basis that the Covered Bondholders have 
been preferred over the Issuer’s ordinary creditors. Should such challenge be successful there will be 
fewer assets available for Covered Bondholders in the relevant Issuer Cover Pool. 
The Issuer may be reliant on payments from Swap Providers in certain circumstances 
The Issuer may enter into derivative contracts with hedge counterparties to hedge interest rate 
risk, foreign exchange risk, liquidity risk or other risks (see “Overview of Key Derivative Contract 
Provisions”). If a hedge counterparty defaults in its obligation to make payments under a derivative 
contract, the Issuer will be exposed to changes in interest rates, currency exchange rates, liquidity 
concerns or other risks (as applicable). Unless a replacement derivative contract is entered into, the 
Issuer may have insufficient funds to make payments due on the Covered Bonds.  
The Covered Bonds are issued subject to applicable law 
Although the Covered Bonds are governed by the Danish Covered Bond Legislation, the loans 
and mortgages that form part of the assets in the relevant Issuer Cover Pool will be governed by laws 
from a number of different countries, including laws relating to local mandatory consumer protection, 
the right to enforce mortgages as well as the right to repossess and dispose of the relevant property. To 
the extent that such laws may restrict, limit, hinder or even prohibit certain actions in respect of the 
enforcement of the loans and mortgages in the relevant Issuer Cover Pool, there is a risk that the ability 
of an administrator to realise the assets in the relevant Issuer Cover Pool may be delayed or may result 
in an increase in the costs of enforcement that may ultimately lead to a reduced return to the relevant 
Covered Bondholders. 
Role and Powers of the administrator 
Pursuant to the Danish Covered Bond Legislation, the DFSA will, in the event of the insolvency 
of the Issuer or if the Issuer’s banking licence has been withdrawn, or may, in the event that the Issuer’s 
Covered Bonds Licence has been withdrawn, appoint one or more administrators who will seek the 
repayment to the Covered Bondholders. The powers of any such administrator have been expanded in 
the Danish Covered Bond Legislation in recent years.  In particular, according to the Danish Covered 
Bond Legislation, any such administrator will in certain circumstances have the possibility of extending 
the maturity of the Covered Bonds by one year. Further, in respect of any Covered Bonds which are to 
be consolidated and form a single Series with any Category D Covered Bonds issued after 1 January 
2015 and before 8 July 2022, according to the Danish Covered Bond Legislation, any such administrator 
will in certain circumstances have the possibility of extending the maturity of the Covered Bonds by 
one year at a time.  See also “Overview of Danish Legislation Relating to Covered Bonds” below.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
Related to the exercise of such powers by any such administrator, Condition 16.6 
(Acknowledgement of Danish Statutory Cover Pool Powers and Danish Statutory Stay Powers) 
provides that, by its acquisition of the Covered Bonds, each Covered Bondholder acknowledges, 
accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by: (i) the effect of any Danish Statutory Cover Pool Powers 
exercised by an Administrator; (ii) the variation of the terms of the Covered Bonds, as deemed necessary 
by an Administrator, to give effect to the exercise of any Danish Statutory Cover Pool Powers; and (iii) 
the effect of any Danish Statutory Stay Powers exercised by the FS. 
The exercise of any power under the Danish Statutory Cover Pool Powers and/or Danish 
Statutory Stay Powers or any suggestion of such exercise could, therefore, materially adversely affect 
the rights of Covered Bondholders, the price or value of their investment in any relevant Covered Bonds 
and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any relevant Covered Bonds. Prospective 
investors in Covered Bonds should consult their own advisors as to the consequences of the 
implementation of the Danish Statutory Cover Pool Powers and/or Danish Statutory Stay Powers.  
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Covered Bonds at its option, this may limit the market value of 
the Covered Bonds concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in 
a manner which achieves a similar effective return  
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Covered Bonds. During 
any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Covered Bonds, the market value of such Covered 
Bonds generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also 
may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Covered Bonds when its cost of borrowing is lower than 
the interest rate on the Covered Bonds. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to 
reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Covered 
Bonds being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors 
should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Covered Bonds linked to 
or referencing such “benchmarks” 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (such as, in the case of Floating 
Rate Covered Bonds, a Reference Rate), are the subject of recent national and international regulatory 
guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to 
be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to 
disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could 
have a material adverse effect on any Covered Bonds linked to or referencing such a “benchmark”.  
The Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision 
of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the 
European Union. It, among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or 
registered (or, if non-European Union based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise 
recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by European Union supervised entities (such as 
the Issuer) of “benchmarks” of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-European 
Union based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
Benchmarks Regulation”) among other things applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of 
a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of 
benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the UK Financial Conduct Authority (the 
“FCA”) or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised 
or endorsed).

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
The Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have 
a material impact on any Covered Bonds linked to or referencing a “benchmark”, in particular, if the 
methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the requirements 
of the Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes 
could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility 
of the published rate or level of the relevant “benchmark”. 
More broadly, any of the national or international reforms, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of “benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating 
in the setting of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors 
may have the following effects on certain “benchmarks”: (i) discourage market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to the “benchmark”; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in the “benchmark” or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the “benchmark”. Any of 
the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of national or international reforms or 
other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
Covered Bonds linked to or referencing a “benchmark”. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about 
the potential risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation and/or UK Benchmarks Regulation, as 
applicable, reforms in making any investment decision with respect to any Covered Bonds linked to or 
referencing a “benchmark”. 
Future discontinuance of certain benchmark rates (for example, EURIBOR) may adversely affect the 
value of Floating Rate Covered Bonds which reference any such benchmark rate 
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles 
and high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro 
denominated cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, 
among other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts without robust fallback 
provisions may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free 
rate working group published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback 
rates. On 4 December 2023, the group issued its final statement, announcing completion of its mandate.  
Investors should be aware that, if a benchmark rate were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, 
the rate of interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds which reference such benchmark rate will be 
determined for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions applicable to such Covered Bonds. The 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that 
a published benchmark, such as EURIBOR, (including any page on which such benchmark may be 
published (or any successor service)) becomes unavailable. 
Reference Rate Replacement – Independent Adviser: If the circumstances described in the 
preceding paragraph occur and Reference Rate Replacement – Independent Adviser is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as being applicable and Screen Rate Determination is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as the manner in which the rate of interest 
is to be determined (any such Covered Bonds, “Relevant Covered Bonds”), such fallback 
arrangements will include the possibility that: 
(a) 
the relevant rate of interest (or, as applicable, any component part thereof) could be set or, as 
the case may be, determined by reference to a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) determined by the Issuer (following consultation with an 
Independent Adviser (if applicable)); and 
(b) 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) may be adjusted 
(if required) by the Issuer (following consultation with an Independent Adviser (if applicable))

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable), however, such adjustment may not be successful in eliminating economic 
prejudice,  
in any such case, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as described more fully 
in the Terms and Conditions of the Relevant Covered Bonds. 
In addition, the Issuer (following consultation with an Independent Adviser (if applicable)) may 
also determine (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) that other amendments 
to the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds are necessary in order to follow market practice in 
relation to the relevant successor rate or alternative rate (as applicable) and to ensure the proper 
operation of the relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable).   
Reference Rate Replacement – ARRC: If the circumstances described in the paragraph 
preceding “Reference Rate Replacement – Independent Adviser” occur and, in the case of Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds, SOFR is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as the applicable 
Reference Rate and Reference Rate Replacement – ARRC is specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, such fallback arrangements will include the possibility 
that the Issuer will determine a Benchmark Replacement to replace the Original Reference Rate in 
accordance with the benchmark transition provisions described more fully in Condition 5.2.10 
(Reference Rate Replacement – Independent Adviser). 
The Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds, as further described in Condition 5.2.10 
(Reference Rate Replacement – Independent Adviser), provides for a “waterfall” of alternative rates to 
be used to determine the rate of interest on the relevant Covered Bonds if a Benchmark Transition Event 
and related Benchmark Replacement Date occur. Such alternative rates, which are referenced in the 
definition of “Benchmark Replacement” in Condition 2.1, are uncertain. In particular, the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, which is the rate referenced in the ISDA Definitions at the time of a Benchmark 
Transition Event and related Benchmark Replacement Date, was recently published. However, the 
ISDA Definitions and the ISDA Fallback Rate may change over time.  
Reference Rate Replacement – General: No consent of the Covered Bondholders shall be 
required in connection with (i) (where Condition 5.2.9 (Reference Rate Replacement – Independent 
Adviser) applies) effecting any relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) or any other related adjustments and/or amendments described above or (ii) (where 
Condition 5.2.10 (Reference Rate Replacement – ARRC) applies) adopting a rate in accordance with 
Condition 5.2.10 (Reference Rate Replacement – ARRC) or making any other amendments to the terms 
of the Covered Bonds to effect the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes.  
In certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback for determining the rate of interest for a particular 
Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period (as applicable) may result in the rate of interest for the last 
preceding Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period (as applicable) being used. This may result in the 
effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Covered Bonds based on the rate which was last 
observed on the Relevant Screen Page for the purposes of determining the rate of interest in respect of 
an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period (as applicable). In addition, due to the uncertainty 
concerning the availability of Successor Reference Rates and Alternative Reference Rates, the relevant 
fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
such Covered Bonds. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting 
or existence of any relevant rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Covered Bonds. Investors should note that, in the case of 
Relevant Covered Bonds, the Issuer (following consultation with an Independent Adviser (if 
applicable)) will have discretion to adjust the relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) in the circumstances described above. Any such adjustment could have 
unexpected commercial consequences and there can be no assurance that, due to the particular 
circumstances of each Covered Bondholder, any such adjustment will be favourable to each Covered 
Bondholder. 
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA and SOFR as reference rates 
In the case of Floating Rate Covered Bonds, where the Rate of Interest is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as being determined by reference to SONIA or SOFR, the 
Rate of Interest will be determined on the basis of either a compounded daily rate or by reference to a 
specific index (as further described in the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds). In either case, 
such rate will differ from the relevant LIBOR rate (GBP-LIBOR in the case of SONIA and USD-LIBOR 
in the case of SOFR) in a number of material respects, including (without limitation) that a compounded 
daily rate or weighted average rate will be determined by reference to backwards-looking, risk-free 
overnight rates, whereas LIBOR is expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and includes a 
risk-element based on inter-bank lending. As such, investors should be aware that LIBOR, SONIA and 
SOFR may behave materially differently as interest reference rates for Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme. The use of SONIA or SOFR as a reference rate for Eurobonds is nascent, and is subject to 
change and development, both in terms of the substance of the calculation and in the development and 
adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing such reference rates. 
Accordingly, prospective investors in any Covered Bonds referencing SONIA or SOFR should 
be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to SONIA and SOFR as reference rates in the 
capital markets and their adoption as an alternative to GBP-LIBOR and USD-LIBOR, respectively. For 
example, whether backwards-looking rates are ultimately determined on a compounding daily basis or 
a weighted average basis, and whether forward-looking ‘term’ rates derived from SONIA or SOFR will 
be adopted by the markets, remains to be seen. The adoption of SONIA or SOFR may also see 
component inputs into swap rates or other composite rates transferring from LIBOR or another 
reference rate to SONIA or SOFR, as applicable. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA or SOFR that 
differs significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds and used in 
relation to relevant Covered Bonds that reference a SONIA or SOFR rate issued under this Base 
Prospectus.  
In addition, the methodology for determining any overnight rate index by reference to which 
the Rate of Interest in respect of certain Covered Bonds may be calculated could change during the life 
of any Covered Bonds. Furthermore, the Issuer may in the future also issue Covered Bonds referencing 
SONIA or SOFR that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any 
previous SONIA or SOFR referenced Covered Bonds issued by it under this Base Prospectus. The 
development of SONIA and SOFR as interest reference rates for the Eurobond markets, as well as 
continued development of SONIA and SOFR based rates for such markets and the market infrastructure 
for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect 
the market price of any SONIA or SOFR referenced Covered Bonds issued under this Base Prospectus 
from time to time. 
Furthermore, interest on Covered Bonds which reference SONIA or SOFR is only capable of 
being determined at the end of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and shortly prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Covered Bonds which reference SONIA or 
SOFR to estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on such Covered Bonds, and 
some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Covered Bonds without changes to their IT

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Covered Bonds. Further, in contrast 
to LIBOR-based Covered Bonds, if Covered Bonds referencing SONIA or SOFR are redeemed early 
on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest payable in respect of such 
Covered Bonds shall only be determined immediately prior to the date on which the Covered Bonds 
become due and payable. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA or SOFR reference rates in the 
covered bond markets may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA or 
SOFR in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider 
how any mismatch between the adoption of SONIA or SOFR reference rates across these markets may 
impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any 
acquisition, holding or disposal of Covered Bonds referencing SONIA or SOFR.  
Investors should carefully consider these matters when making their investment decision with 
respect to any such Covered Bonds.  
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds have certain risks 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds are Covered Bonds which bear interest at a rate that 
converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to 
convert the interest basis, and any conversion of the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, 
and the market value of, such Covered Bonds as the change of interest basis may result in a lower 
interest return for Covered Bondholders. Where the Covered Bonds convert from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds may be less favourable than then 
prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Covered Bonds tied to the same Reference Rate. In 
addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Covered Bonds. Where 
the Covered Bonds convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then 
prevailing rates on those Covered Bonds and could affect the market value of an investment in the 
relevant Covered Bonds. 
Covered Bonds issued at a substantial discount or premium have certain risks 
The value of any specific Series of Covered Bonds issued at a substantial discount or premium 
to their nominal amount may tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than 
do prices for conventional interest bearing securities. Usually, the longer the remaining term of the 
securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with 
comparable maturities. Any such price volatility may have an adverse effect on the market value of any 
specific Series of Covered Bonds issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount. 
Extendable obligations under the Covered Bonds give rise to certain risks 
Pursuant to the Danish Covered Bond Legislation, the DFSA will, in the event of the insolvency 
of the Issuer or if the Issuer’s banking licence has been withdrawn, or may, in the event that the Issuer’s 
Covered Bonds Licence has been withdrawn, appoint one or more administrators who will seek the 
repayment to the Covered Bondholders. According to the Danish Covered Bond Legislation, any such 
administrator will in certain circumstances have the possibility of extending the maturity of the Covered 
Bonds by one year. See also “Role and Powers of the administrator” above regarding an administrator’s 
right to extend the Maturity Date of Covered Bonds in certain limited circumstances. Further, in respect 
of any Covered Bonds that are to be consolidated and form a single Series with Covered Bonds issued 
prior to 8 July 2022, the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement may provide that an Extended 
Maturity Date applies to such Series of Covered Bonds. 
The extension of the maturity of the principal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds will 
not result in any right of the Covered Bondholders to accelerate payments or take action against the

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
Issuer, and no payment will be payable to the Covered Bondholders in that event other than as set out 
in the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds as completed by the relevant Final Terms or (in the 
case of Exempt Covered Bonds only) as completed and/or amended and/or replaced by the relevant 
Pricing Supplement.  
In respect of any Covered Bonds issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a ‘Green Covered 
Bond’, there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria 
of an investor 
The relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement relating to any specific Series of Covered 
Bonds may provide that it will be the Issuer’s intention to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds 
from an offer of those Covered Bonds specifically for Green Loans (as defined in “Use of Proceeds” 
below) that promote climate-friendly and other environmental purposes (including, inter alia, funding 
existing mortgages in the relevant Issuer Cover Pool and/or to acquire mortgages in connection with 
such climate-friendly and environmental purposes and/or secured over energy efficient buildings (such 
mortgage loans, “Green Mortgage Loans”)) (Covered Bonds issued thereunder to be referred to as 
“Green Covered Bonds”). Prospective investors should note that Green Mortgage Loans may be 
included in the relevant Issuer Cover Pool along with other mortgage loans and/or other assets that are 
not Green Mortgage Loans. Accordingly, prospective investors will have a claim against the entire 
relevant Issuer Cover Pool and will not have a preferential claim on the Green Mortgage Loans ahead 
of investors in non-Green Covered Bonds. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the proceeds of any 
Green Covered Bonds nor any amount equal to such proceeds will be segregated by the Issuer from its 
capital and other assets and there will be no direct or contractual link between any Green Covered Bonds 
and Green Mortgage Loans.  
Prospective investors should have regard to the information in this Base Prospectus and/or the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement regarding such use of such proceeds and must determine 
for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Green 
Covered Bonds together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. In particular no 
assurance is given by the Issuer or the Dealers that the use of such proceeds for any Green Loans will 
satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as 
regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required 
to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other 
governing rules or investment portfolio mandates (in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, the 
relevant Green Loans). Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly defined 
definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes or may be 
classified as, a “green” or “sustainable” or an equivalently-labelled loan or as to what precise attributes 
are required for a particular loan to be defined as “green” or “sustainable” or such other equivalent label, 
nor can any assurance be given that such a clear definition or consensus will develop over time or that, 
if it does, any Green Loans will comply with such definition, market consensus or label. Accordingly, 
no assurance is or can be given to investors that any loans or uses the subject of, or related to, any Green 
Loans will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such “green”, “sustainable” or other 
equivalently-labelled performance objectives (including under Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the 
establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the so-called EU Taxonomy)) or that 
any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any 
projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Green Loans. The Issuer has published a framework 
relating to Green Loans which is available on the Issuer’s website (https://danskebank.com/investor-
relations/debt/green-bonds) and which may be amended or updated from time to time (the “Issuer’s 
Green Finance Framework”). The most recent version of the Issuer’s Green Finance Framework will 
be available on the Issuer’s website. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer’s Green Finance Framework 
shall not, nor shall it be deemed to be incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose 
whatsoever of any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) 
which may or may not be made available in connection with the issue of any Green Covered Bonds and 
in particular with any Green Loans to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other 
criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, 
incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor 
should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell 
or hold any such Green Covered Bonds. Any such opinion or certification is only current as of the date 
that opinion was issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such 
opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or 
certification for the purpose of any investment in such Green Covered Bonds. Currently, the providers 
of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific oversight or regulatory or other regime 
or oversight. It is noted, however, that the landscape for the providers of such opinions and certifications 
may change if the proposal presented by the European Commission on 13 June 2023 on a regulation on 
transparency and integrity of environmental, social and corporate governance rating activities (COM 
(2023) 314 final) is officially adopted. 
In the event that any such Green Covered Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on any 
dedicated “green”, “environmental”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock 
exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the 
Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in 
part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or 
guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present 
or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment 
portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or 
social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Green Loans. Furthermore, it 
should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock 
exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the 
Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in 
respect of any such Green Covered Bonds or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading 
will be maintained during the life of the Green Covered Bonds. For the avoidance of doubt, the loss of 
any such listing or admission to trading will not give rise to any redemption rights under the terms of 
the Green Covered Bonds.  
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Green 
Covered Bonds in, or substantially in, the manner described in this Base Prospectus and/or the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, there can be no assurance that the relevant loan(s) or use(s) which 
are the subject of, or related to, any Green Loans will be capable of being implemented in or 
substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such 
proceeds will be totally disbursed for the specified Green Loans. Nor can there be any assurance that 
such Green Loans will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome 
(whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. 
Any such event or failure to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any issue of Green 
Covered Bonds for any Green Loans, as aforesaid, will not constitute an event of default under the 
relevant Green Covered Bonds. The withdrawal of any opinion or certification as described above, or 
any such opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any 
matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on, and/or any such Green 
Covered Bonds no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market, 
as aforesaid, may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Green Covered Bonds, and also 
potentially the value of any other Green Covered Bonds which are intended to finance Green Loans, 
and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities 
to be used for a particular purpose.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange 
rate risk, interest rate risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Covered Bonds may never be established or may be illiquid 
and this would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell its Covered Bonds 
Covered Bonds may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never 
develop. If a market does develop, it may not be liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell 
their Covered Bonds easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Covered Bonds 
that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific 
investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of 
limited categories of investors. These types of Covered Bonds generally would have a more limited 
secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a 
severely adverse effect on the market value of Covered Bonds. See also “The Group may be affected by 
economic and geopolitical conditions in the countries in which it operates” above. 
If an investor holds Covered Bonds which are not denominated in the investor’s home currency, 
it will be exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of its holding. In 
addition, the imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Covered Bonds could result in an 
investor not receiving payments on those Covered Bonds 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Covered Bonds in the Specified Currency. This 
presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are 
denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the 
Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including 
changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the 
risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency or Specified Currency may impose 
or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the 
Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Covered Bonds, 
(ii) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Covered Bonds and (iii) 
the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of the Covered Bonds. 
Governmental and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make 
payments in respect of the Covered Bonds. As a result, investors in the Covered Bonds may receive less 
interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal as measured in the Investor’s Currency. 
The value of Fixed Rate Covered Bonds may be adversely affected by movements in market interest 
rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Covered Bonds involves the risk that if market interest rates 
subsequently increase above the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, this will adversely affect 
the value of the Fixed Rate Covered Bonds. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer, the relevant Issuer Cover Pool or any Covered Bonds may not 
reflect all the risks associated with an investment in those Covered Bonds and may be lowered, 
withdrawn or not maintained 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer, the 
relevant Issuer Cover Pool, and/or the Covered Bonds. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors that may 
affect the value of the Covered Bonds or the standing of the Issuer.  
The expected rating(s), if any, of the Covered Bonds will be set out in the relevant Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement for each Series of Covered Bonds. Any rating agency may lower its rating or 
withdraw its rating if, in the sole judgement of the rating agency, the credit quality of the Covered Bonds 
has declined or is in question. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
There is no guarantee that any rating of the Issuer, the relevant Issuer Cover Pool and/or the 
Covered Bonds will be maintained by the Issuer following the date of this Base Prospectus. If any rating 
assigned to the Issuer, the relevant Issuer Cover Pool and/or the Covered Bonds is revised lower, 
suspended, withdrawn or not maintained by the Issuer, the market value of the Covered Bonds may be 
reduced. 
Risks related to Covered Bonds generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Covered Bonds generally: 
There are no events of default 
The Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds do not include any events of default relating 
to the Issuer, thus Covered Bondholders cannot accelerate the Covered Bonds. Covered Bondholders 
will only be paid the scheduled interest payments under the Covered Bonds as and when they fall due 
under the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds. The absence of any events of default from the 
Terms and Conditions may make it less likely that the Covered Bondholders will recoup their 
investment in full in the event that the Issuer experiences financial distress. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds contain provisions which may permit their 
modification without the consent of all investors 
The Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds contain provisions for calling meetings of 
Covered Bondholders (including by way of conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) to 
consider and vote upon matters affecting their interests generally, or to pass resolutions. These 
provisions permit a defined proportion of Covered Bondholders to bind all Covered Bondholders 
including Covered Bondholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Covered 
Bondholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority.  
No assurance can be given in relation to changes of law 
The Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds are governed by English law, except for 
Condition 4 (Status of the Covered Bonds) and Condition 16.6 (Acknowledgement of Danish Statutory 
Cover Pool Powers and Danish Statutory Stay Powers) which will be governed by Danish law. In the 
case of registration of the Covered Bonds in VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden, these will be governed by 
Danish law, Norwegian law and Swedish law, respectively, in each case in effect as at the date of issue 
of the relevant Covered Bonds. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial 
decision or change to English law, Danish law, Norwegian law, Swedish law or administrative practice 
after the date of issue of any relevant Covered Bonds. 
In particular, the Danish Covered Bond Legislation is relatively new legislation in Denmark 
and, although there are administrative rulings, there is no available case law on it. It is uncertain how 
the Danish Covered Bond Legislation will be interpreted or whether changes or amendments will be 
made to it which will affect Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, including with retroactive 
effect.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
Investors who purchase Bearer Covered Bonds in denominations that are not an integral multiple of 
the Specified Denomination may be adversely affected if Definitive Covered Bonds are subsequently 
required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Bearer Covered Bonds which have denominations consisting of a 
minimum Specified Denomination plus an integral multiple of another smaller amount in excess 
thereof, it is possible that such Covered Bonds may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples 
of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a Covered Bondholder who, as a result of 
trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in its 
account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a Definitive Covered 
Bond in respect of such holding (should Definitive Covered Bonds be printed) and would need to 
purchase a principal amount of Covered Bonds such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination. 
If Definitive Covered Bonds are issued, Covered Bondholders should be aware that Definitive 
Covered Bonds which have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified 
Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
The Annual Reports of the Group for the financial years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 
December 2022 (respectively, the “Annual Report 2023” and the “Annual Report 2022”, and 
together, the “Annual Reports”) shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base 
Prospectus, excluding the following sections: 
(i) 
in respect of the Annual Report 2023: 
• 
the section “Outlook for 2024” of the “Executive Summary” on page 7; 
• 
the section “Forward ‘28” of “Investor Relations” on page 36; and  
(ii) 
in respect of the Annual Report 2022: 
• 
the section “Our 2023 financial ambitions” on page 6; 
• 
the infographic “Investors” in the section “Strategic focus” on page 6; 
• 
the section “Outlook for 2023” of the “Executive Summary” on page 11; and 
• 
the fourth paragraph (starting with “Fee income remained resilient…” of the sub-
section “Introduction” in the section “Strategic execution” on page 12). 
The financial statements in the Annual Reports have been audited. 
The unaudited interim report of the Group as at and for the nine months ended 30 September 
2024 (the “Interim report – first nine months 2024”) shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to 
form part of, this Base Prospectus, excluding the section “Outlook for 2024” of the “Executive 
summary” on page 4 thereof. 
The section “Standard Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” from the following base 
prospectuses relating to the Programme shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this 
Base Prospectus: 
(i) 
Base Prospectus dated 19 December 2008 (pages 32-52 inclusive); 
(ii) 
Base Prospectus dated 11 November 2009 (pages 48-77 inclusive); 
(iii) 
Base Prospectus dated 11 November 2010 (pages 51-81 inclusive);  
(iv) 
Base Prospectus dated 11 November 2011 (pages 49-78 inclusive);  
(v) 
Base Prospectus dated 22 November 2012 (pages 48-80 inclusive);  
(vi) 
Base Prospectus dated 12 December 2013 (pages 50-83 inclusive); 
(vii) 
Base Prospectus dated 18 November 2014 (pages 53-102 inclusive);  
(viii) 
Base Prospectus dated 6 November 2015 (pages 52-85 inclusive);  
(ix) 
Base Prospectus dated 3 November 2016 (pages 52-85 inclusive);  
(x) 
Base Prospectus dated 7 November 2017 (pages 53-87 inclusive);

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
(xi) 
Base Prospectus dated 8 November 2018 (pages 61-119 inclusive);  
(xii) 
Base Prospectus dated 8 November 2019 (pages 53-88 inclusive);  
(xiii) 
Base Prospectus dated 9 November 2020 (pages 54-89 inclusive);  
(xiv) 
Base Prospectus dated 9 November 2021 (pages 54-90 inclusive);  
(xv) 
Base Prospectus dated 9 November 2022 (pages 55-97 inclusive); and 
(xvi) 
Base Prospectus dated 10 November 2023 (pages 59-107 inclusive)   
(together, the “Previous Terms and Conditions”).  
In relation to each of the documents deemed to be incorporated in this Base Prospectus, the 
non-incorporated parts are either not relevant for the investor or are covered elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus.  
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the 
assessment of any Covered Bonds, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base 
Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Covered Bonds. 
Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by 
reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be 
deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
The sources of the consolidated financial statements (including the auditors’ reports thereon 
and notes thereto) in the Interim report – first nine months 2024 and the Annual Reports incorporated 
by reference herein are as follows: 
 
Information 
Source 
Income Statement for the Group for the nine-month period 
ended 30 September 2024 
Interim report – first nine months 
2024 pg. 27 
Statement of Comprehensive Income for the Group for the 
nine-month period ended 30 September 2024 
Interim report – first nine months 
2024 pg. 27 
Balance Sheet for the Group as at 30 September 2024 
Interim report – first nine months 
2024 pg. 28 
Statement of Capital for the Group for the nine-month period 
ended 30 September 2024 
Interim report – first nine months 
2024 pgs. 29-30 
Cash Flow Statement for the Group as at and for the nine-month 
period ended 30 September 2024 
Interim report – first nine months 
2024 pg. 31 
Notes to the Financial Statements for the Group as at and for 
the nine-month period ended 30 September 2024 
Interim report – first nine months 
2024 pgs. 32-63 
Statement by the Management as at and for the nine month 
period ended 30 September 2024 
Interim report – first nine months 
2024 pg. 64 
Income Statement for the Group for the year ended 31 
December 2023 
Annual Report 2023 pg. 67

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
Information 
Source 
Statement of Comprehensive Income for the Group for the year 
ended 31 December 2023 
Annual Report 2023 pg. 68 
Balance Sheet for the Group as at 31 December 2023 
Annual Report 2023 pg. 69 
Statement of Capital for the Group for the year ended 31 
December 2023 
Annual Report 2023 pgs. 70-72 
Cash Flow Statement for the Group as at and for the year ended 
31 December 2023 
Annual Report 2023 pg. 73 
Notes to the Financial Statements for the Group as at and for 
the year ended 31 December 2023 
Annual Report 2023 pgs. 74-214 
Statement by the Management as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2023 
Annual Report 2023 pg. 237 
Independent Auditor’s Report for the Group for the year ended 
31 December 2023 
Annual Report 2023 pgs. 238-241 
Independent Auditor’s Assurance Report on the ESG statement Annual Report 2023 pgs. 242-243 
Income Statement for the Group for the year ended 31 
December 2022 
Annual Report 2022 pg. 68 
Statement of Comprehensive Income for the Group for the year 
ended 31 December 2022 
Annual Report 2022 pg. 69 
Balance Sheet for the Group as at 31 December 2022 
Annual Report 2022 pg. 70 
Statement of Capital for the Group for the year ended 31 
December 2022 
Annual Report 2022 pgs. 71-73 
Cash Flow Statement for the Group as at and for the year ended 
31 December 2022 
Annual Report 2022 pg. 74 
Notes to the Financial Statements for the Group as at and for 
the year ended 31 December 2022 
Annual Report 2022 pgs. 75-207 
Statement by the Management as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2022 
Annual Report 2022 pg. 230 
Independent Auditor’s Report for the Group for the year ended 
31 December 2022 
Annual Report 2022 pgs. 231-235 
The Annual Report 2023 incorporated by reference herein can be viewed online at 
https://danskebank.com/-/media/danske-bank-com/file-cloud/2024/2/danske-bank---annual-report-
2023.pdf. 
The Annual Report 2022 incorporated by reference herein can be viewed online at 
https://danskebank.com/-/media/danske-bank-com/file-cloud/2023/2/danske-bank-annual-report-
2022.pdf. 
The Interim report – first nine months 2024 incorporated by reference herein can be viewed 
online at https://danskebank.com/-/media/danske-bank-com/file-cloud/2024/10/danske-bank-interim-
report---first-nine-months-2024.pdf. 
This Base Prospectus is, and any supplements hereto will be, available for viewing at 
https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
The Previous Terms and Conditions incorporated by reference herein can be viewed online at 
https://danskebank.com/investor-relations/debt/funding-programmes.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
OVERVIEW OF DANISH LEGISLATION RELATING TO COVERED BONDS 
The Issuer is licensed under the Danish Financial Business Act to issue covered bonds. The 
following is a brief overview of certain features of Danish law governing the issuance of covered bonds 
in Denmark as at the date of this Base Prospectus, which law may be supplemented, amended, modified, 
varied, extended, replaced or re-enacted whether by legislative enactment or by way of judicial 
decisions and administrative pronouncements including, possibly, with retroactive effect. This 
overview does not purport to be, and is not, a complete description of all aspects of the Danish legislative 
and regulatory frame-work pertaining to covered bonds. The original language of the Danish Covered 
Bond Legislation is Danish. The following overview is provided in English only for the sake of 
convenience. In the event of any doubt, the original Danish language version of the relevant legislation, 
executive orders and/or regulations should be consulted. 
The Legislation 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the main Danish legislation which governs Danish 
covered bonds is the Danish Covered Bond Legislation which first came into legal effect on 1 July 2007 
and has been subject to amendments since then. Commercial banks and mortgage banks which meet the 
requirements set out in the Danish Covered Bond Legislation will be permitted to issue covered bonds 
(and, in the case of mortgage banks, covered mortgage bonds). Prior to issuing any covered bonds, the 
relevant covered bond issuer must have first obtained a licence to issue covered bonds from the DFSA. 
A Danish law implementing Directive (EU) 2019/2162 (which was adopted by the European 
Union in 2019) was passed in the Danish parliament on 1 June 2021 and took effect from 8 July 2022 
(together with the corresponding amendments to article 129 of the CRR contained in Regulation (EU) 
2019/2160, the “Danish implementation of the EU Covered Bonds Package”). Pursuant to the 
Danish implementation of the EU Covered Bonds Package, an administrator that has been appointed in 
the event of insolvency of the issuing bank, revocation of the bank’s banking licence or revocation of 
the issuing bank’s licence to issue covered bonds will in certain circumstances have the possibility of 
extending the maturity of any covered bonds from any cover pool issued on or after 8 July 2022. All 
cover pools out of which covered bonds have been issued on or after 8 July 2022 will be subject to a 
180-days’ liquidity buffer requirement. When calculating the 180-days’ liquidity buffer, the one-year 
statutory extension of the administrator is to be taken into account as the final maturity of the Covered 
Bonds, as per the Danish implementation of the EU Covered Bonds Package. Covered Bonds issued in 
Denmark on or after 8 July 2022 will thus have the full benefit of statutory maturity extension triggers 
when calculating the 180-days’ liquidity buffer requirement. Furthermore all of the issuing bank’s cover 
pools out of which covered bonds have been issued on or after 8 July 2022 will be subject to a 2 per 
cent. nominal overcollateralization requirement. Covered Bonds issued before 8 July 2022 will be 
subject to the 180-days’ liquidity requirement and the 2 per cent. nominal overcollateralization 
requirement in the event that Covered Bonds are issued from the same cover pool on or after 8 July 
2022. 
The Register 
An issuing bank shall maintain a register (the “Register”) for each cover pool which must at 
all times contain detailed information on the assets contained in the relevant cover pool (the “Cover 
Pool”). An issuing bank may have more than one Register. The assets included in the Register are 
included on, and are a part of, the issuing bank’s balance sheet. Each item in the Register must be clearly 
identified and the Register must be updated on a regular basis to include any changes in the relevant 
information. The Danish Covered Bond Legislation also stipulates the type of information that must be 
recorded in the Register with respect to each item. Moreover, an issuing bank’s systems must operate 
such that it is able to provide an overview of the Register to the DFSA within twenty-four hours of 
receiving a request to do so.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
The DFSA has laid down detailed rules on the operation and organisation of the Registers as 
well as the verification of the existence of the assets including the carrying out of periodic checks by 
the issuing bank’s external auditor(s). An issuing bank must submit a statement of registered assets to 
the DFSA four times a year. The rules also require the external auditor(s) to verify the excess cover 
fixed by management (for more detail see “Valuation” below). 
Priority of Covered Bondholders 
By virtue of the priority established under the Danish Financial Business Act, claims against 
an issuing bank by the covered bondholders and the counterparties to the relevant derivative contracts 
will rank pari passu amongst themselves and ahead of claims of all other creditors of the bank with 
respect to the relevant Cover Pool (save for the priority granted to an administration estate in respect of 
fees and expenses) (for more detail see “Administration Estate” below). The administrator of the 
administration estate may issue refinancing bonds and may take out loans, which will rank pari passu 
with covered bonds, to avoid temporary shortfalls of liquidity (“Administrator Financing”). It should 
be noted that under the general principles of Danish bankruptcy law, other agreements entered into by 
an administrator will be treated in the same way as agreements entered into by a bankruptcy estate and 
will rank pari passu with other fees and expenses of the administrator (for more detail see 
“Administration Estate” below). 
Assets to be included in a Cover Pool 
As mentioned above, assets which may be included in a Cover Pool include certain loans 
secured by registered mortgages on real estate together with those mortgages, public credits and other 
assets which meet the requirements from time to time set out under the Danish Covered Bond 
Legislation and the CRR. Included in this group of assets are derivative contracts which have been 
entered into for the purpose of hedging risks between the assets in the Register and the Covered Bonds 
and where the agreement specifies that the suspension of payments or bankruptcy of the issuing bank 
does not constitute a breach. 
Debt financing 
If an issuing bank is required to post additional collateral (i.e. due to changes in market 
conditions), it may satisfy this requirement by taking out other loans (the “Senior Debt”) and 
purchasing assets which in turn are added to the Cover Pool subject to certain qualifications. The 
agreement by which the issuing bank obtains such funding shall specify the Register for which the funds 
are to be used as additional collateral. In the event of the bankruptcy of the issuing bank, creditors in 
respect of this Senior Debt are to rank behind covered bondholders and counterparties to the derivative 
contracts (and after the bankruptcy expenses), but before other creditors of the issuing bank. 
Restrictions on Assets to be included in a Cover Pool 
Pursuant to the Danish Covered Bond Legislation and the CRR, when calculating the value of 
the portion of Cover Pool assets that consist of loans secured by mortgages, the following loan-to-value 
(“LTV”) requirements shall apply: 
(i) 
a maximum of 80 per cent. of the value of the property for loans secured by residential 
mortgages where the term of the loan is for thirty years or less and which contains an interest-
only option of up to and including ten years; 
(ii) 
a maximum of 75 per cent. of the value of the property for loans secured by residential 
mortgages for thirty years or less but which contain an interest-only option for a period which 
exceeds ten years;

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
(iii) 
a maximum of 75 per cent. of the value of the property for loans secured by residential 
mortgages where the term of the loan exceeds thirty years; and 
(iv) 
a maximum of 60 per cent. of the value of the property for loans secured by mortgages over 
commercial property. 
The above list is not exhaustive. There are separate specific rules for valuation of fixtures and 
fittings. If there are loans that do not meet the requirements set out above, such loans can be included 
in the Cover Pool, however, loans can only be covered bond funded up to the required LTV limit. 
There are no restrictions with regard to the proportion of the Cover Pool that may be represented 
by loans secured by residential mortgages, commercial mortgages or other mortgages. Additional 
provisions regarding quantitative and qualitative requirements placed on the assets forming part of the 
Cover Pool are set out in the Danish Covered Bond Legislation and the CRR. In order to qualify for 
inclusion in the Cover Pool, all legislative requirements must be met. 
Valuation 
The Danish Covered Bond Legislation requires that the value of the Cover Pool at all times 
must correspond at least to the aggregate value of the covered bonds outstanding on a portfolio basis. 
To satisfy this requirement, an issuing bank is required to establish a certain excess cover in the Register. 
The excess cover must be determined by the management of the issuing bank and be the result of a 
specific estimate of realistic value fluctuations. 
Danish Valuation process 
The calculation of the value of the Cover Pool assets consisting of loans secured by residential 
or, as the case may be, commercial real estate or other assets is required to be made on a prudent basis, 
and thus such calculated values may not exceed the fair value of each individual asset. The valuation of 
real estate is required to be made by a competent and independent person (i.e. a person not involved in 
the credit process) and to be documented, and such documentation is required to include information 
on who performed the calculation and the principles on which the calculation was based. The valuation 
of real estate in Denmark may, at the time the loan is granted, be undertaken in one of two ways: 
(i) 
using a physical internal/external appraisal; or 
(ii) 
if an exemption is granted by the DFSA, a valuation could be obtained using valuation models. 
On an on-going basis, valuations can, however, be based on the valuation model which uses 
generally applicable price levels. 
Failure to provide additional collateral 
If the value of the assets in a Cover Pool no longer corresponds to at least the value of the 
covered bonds outstanding or exceeds a LTV of 80 per cent. for residential mortgages or the relevant 
LTV for other mortgages measured in respect of each single loan, the issuing bank must promptly 
provide additional collateral. 
If an issuing bank fails to provide additional collateral so that the value of the assets corresponds 
at least to the value of the issued covered bonds, then all issued covered bonds in the Register concerned 
will lose the designation ‘covered bonds’. The assets collateralising the covered bonds that have lost 
the designation ‘covered bonds’ must remain separate from the issuing bank’s other assets, for 
satisfaction of the claims of the relevant bondholders in the event of any bankruptcy of the issuing bank 
(see “Administration Estate” below).

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
The Balance Principle 
In accordance with the Danish Covered Bond Legislation, an issuing bank must manage a Cover 
Pool in such a way as to ensure a sound balance between the payments and obligations on the covered 
bonds and the assets in a Cover Pool in terms of currency, interest rate and maturity structure. This is 
known as the “balance principle”. A balance is deemed to exist when the present value of a Cover Pool, 
at all times, exceeds the present value of the liabilities relating to the covered bonds. The present value 
of derivative contracts shall be included in such calculation. The calculations of present values shall 
withstand certain stress tests (i.e. sudden changes in interest rates or currency exchange rates). The 
Danish Covered Bond Legislation sets out the detailed requirements in respect of the balance principle. 
Minimum Maturity 
The Danish Covered Bond Legislation requires that Covered Bonds issued on or after 1 April 
2014 shall have a minimum maturity of two years based on the time of issuance.  
Administration Estate 
The DFSA will, in the event of the insolvency of an issuing bank or when an issuing bank’s 
banking licence has been withdrawn, or may, in the event that the issuing bank’s licence to issue covered 
bonds has been withdrawn, appoint one or more administrators who will seek the repayment to the 
covered bondholders. It should be noted that notice of suspension of payments will not in itself lead to 
the establishment of an administration estate. 
Appointment of Administrator(s) 
If the DFSA decides that repayment to the covered bondholders is to be subject to 
administration, the DFSA must appoint one or more administrators. This decision must also be reported 
to the Danish Business Authority and must be immediately notified to the relevant borrowers whose 
loans and mortgages form part of the relevant Cover Pool. The administrator will manage the Cover 
Pool and the rights of the covered bondholders, counterparties to derivative contracts and lenders of 
Senior Debt. Instalment, interest and other payments on the loan portfolio must be effected only to the 
administration estate and not to the issuing bank or its bankruptcy estate. An administrator’s fees and 
any other expenses in connection with the administration are to be paid by the administration estate. 
The amount of those fees is to be fixed following negotiation with the DFSA which is responsible for 
the supervision of the administration estate. 
Control of the Cover Pool 
All of the assets in the Register must be promptly taken over by the administrator. With respect 
to the assets located in a foreign country, any act of perfection must be performed in accordance with 
the legislation of the relevant country. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the issuing bank will be required 
to ensure that the value of the assets in the Register is sufficient. The administrator may require the 
issuing bank to provide further assets. 
Role and Powers of the Administrator 
Legislative changes in 2010 clarified the role of the administrator and expanded its 
authorisations, including the right to issue refinancing bonds. After it has taken over control of the assets 
in the Register, the administrator’s general role will be to make an effort to sell the entire Register, 
including assets and obligations, to one or more credit institute(s) licensed to issue covered bonds. If 
such a transfer is not possible, the administrator is to run the estate on a going concern basis. Thus the 
administrator is not to sell the assets at “fire sale prices”. The administrator may raise Administrator 
Financing to avoid temporary shortfalls of liquidity. Furthermore, the administrator is entitled to sell

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
assets of the Register to avoid temporary shortfalls of liquidity, but only to a limited extent and at a 
minimum fixed price. However, the administrator is obliged to file for bankruptcy if the shortfall of 
liquidity is considered not to be temporary. 
Pursuant to the Danish Covered Bond Legislation, the DFSA will, in the event of the insolvency 
of the Issuer or if the Issuer’s banking licence has been withdrawn, or may, in the event that the Issuer’s 
Covered Bonds Licence has been withdrawn, appoint one or more administrators who will seek the 
repayment to the Covered Bondholders. According to the Danish Covered Bond Legislation, any such 
administrator will in certain circumstances have the possibility of extending the maturity of the Covered 
Bonds by one year. This applies to covered bonds backed by loans originated in any jurisdiction, not 
only loans originated in Denmark, issued on or after 8 July 2022. If the maturity of the Covered Bonds 
is extended, the administrator will set the interest rate, based on a reference rate that is comparable to 
the relevant Covered Bond, using a floating reference rate plus a margin of up to five percentage points. 
Furthermore, if the Maturity Date is extended in accordance with the Danish Covered Bond Legislation, 
the administrator may redeem the principal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds at par value. 
Thus the aforementioned statutory maturity extension power will be applied to all Covered Bonds issued 
under the Programme from and including 8 July 2022 except for any issuances of Covered Bonds which 
are to be consolidated with and form a single Series with Covered Bonds issued prior to 8 July 2022 
where an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in 
respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds. Further, in respect of any Covered Bonds which are to 
be consolidated and form a single Series with any Category D Covered Bonds issued after 1 January 
2015 and before 8 July 2022, according to the Danish Covered Bond Legislation, any such administrator 
will in certain circumstances have the possibility of extending the maturity of the Covered Bonds by 
one year at a time. If the maturity of such Covered Bonds is extended, the administrator will set the 
interest rate, based on a reference rate that is comparable to the relevant Covered Bond, using a floating 
reference rate plus a margin of up to five percentage points. Furthermore, if the Maturity Date is 
extended in accordance with the Danish Covered Bond Legislation, the administrator may redeem the 
principal amount outstanding of such Covered Bonds at par value. 
Effect on Bankruptcy Proceedings 
An administration estate cannot be closed until (a) the obligations of the estate and the assets 
of the Register have been transferred to another credit institute holding a licence to issue covered bonds, 
(b) all the covered bonds for which the assets in the Register serve as collateral have been repaid and 
the derivative contracts have matured or (c) the estate has filed for bankruptcy and the bankruptcy estate 
has been closed. Any excess funds of the administration estate may then be paid to lenders of Senior 
Debt. The Danish Covered Bond Legislation provides that if bankruptcy of the issuing bank is declared 
after commencement of the administration, it will have no legal effect on the administration estate. 
No Rights in certain circumstances 
No covered bondholders, counterparties to derivative contracts or lenders of Senior Debt can 
claim early repayment of payment obligations on the basis of a bankruptcy order against an issuing 
bank or an issuing bank’s failure to satisfy the requirement for additional collateral. Moreover, the 
relevant borrower(s) of the underlying loan(s) will retain the right to repay their loans in full or in part 
without variation. Furthermore, it is not possible for individual covered bondholders, counterparties to 
the derivative contracts or lenders of Senior Debt to initiate claims against the issuing bank during the 
issuing bank’s bankruptcy. The Danish Covered Bond Legislation makes it clear that the administrator 
is acting on behalf of all covered bondholders, counterparties to the derivative contracts and lenders of 
Senior Debt and that only the administrator may prove claims against the bankruptcy estate for any 
assets required to cover the claims of the covered bondholders, counterparties to derivative contracts 
and lenders of Senior Debt.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
ISSUER’S LICENCE TO ISSUE COVERED BONDS AND ISSUER COVER POOLS  
Issuer’s licence to issue Covered Bonds 
On 7 November 2007, the Issuer applied to the DFSA for a licence to issue covered bonds under 
the Danish Covered Bond Legislation. Pursuant to the terms of such a licence, the Issuer would be able, 
from time to time, to issue covered bonds that entitle the holder to the benefit of a statutory preferred 
creditor status in respect of the assets contained in the relevant Issuer Cover Pool in the event of the 
insolvency of the Issuer (the “7 November 2007 application”). 
The licence was granted on 15 November 2007, subject to the Issuer establishing separate 
independent Registers with various assets, and with respect to loans secured by mortgages over 
residential real estate: one to include, inter alia, those mortgages which comply with the relevant Danish 
laws and the other(s) which may include mortgages over residential real estate which comply with the 
covered bond legislation applicable in the country where the relevant real estate is located (the “15 
November 2007 licence”). 
On 10 July 2009, the Issuer applied to the DFSA for an extension of its licence which would 
permit it to establish a Register with “commercial” and/or residential real estate property located in 
Sweden and/or Norway. The extension of the licence was granted on 30 September 2009 (the “10 July 
2009 extension”, and together with the 7 November 2007 application and the 15 November 2007 
licence, the “Covered Bonds Licence”). 
Accordingly, the Issuer has three Registers: (i) a Register which includes assets including, inter 
alia, mortgages over “commercial” and/or residential real estate located in Sweden and/or Norway (the 
“Category C Cover Pool”); (ii) a Register which includes assets including, inter alia, mortgages solely 
over residential real estate located in Denmark (the “Category D Cover Pool”); and (iii) a Register 
which includes assets including, inter alia, mortgages over residential real estate, which, in accordance 
with the licence granted, may include residential real estate located in Denmark, Sweden and/or 
Norway, and/or possibly in other countries in which the Issuer operates or will operate subject to the 
prior approval of the DFSA (the “Category I Cover Pool”). However, the Issuer’s license does not 
permit it to commingle mortgages over real estate in Denmark with mortgages in other countries that 
do not comply with Danish legislation. Covered Bonds which have a statutory preferential right over 
the Category C Cover Pool shall be designated “Category C Covered Bonds”; Covered Bonds which 
have a statutory preferential right over the Category D Cover Pool shall be designated “Category D 
Covered Bonds”; and Covered Bonds which have a statutory preferential right over the Category I 
Cover Pool shall be designated “Category I Covered Bonds”. A reference to a relevant “Category” 
of Covered Bonds is a reference to (as applicable) the Category C Covered Bonds, the Category D 
Covered Bonds or the Category I Covered Bonds. 
The Issuer is permitted under the Danish Covered Bond Legislation to have, and may from time 
to time so have, further Registers. 
As a part of the licence, the Issuer was granted exemptions from certain provisions of the Danish 
Covered Bond Legislation. Relying on the Danish Financial Business Act, the following exemptions 
(the “Exemptions”) for the Category C Cover Pool and the Category I Cover Pool were granted: 
(i) 
with respect to the types of loans to be included: that the applicable definition of real estate will 
be the definition of real estate as used in the covered bond legislation in Sweden and/or Norway, 
respectively; 
(ii) 
with respect to mortgages granted over properties where the relevant mortgage loans have been 
included: that local mortgage deeds in Sweden and/or Norway, respectively, may be used, 
which means that mortgage loans may be included in the relevant Issuer Cover Pool provided

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
that for the purposes of calculating the value of each loan for use in the relevant Issuer Cover 
Pool, the loan will be treated as if it were a loan valued on the basis of the relevant Danish LTV 
requirements as outlined above (see “Restrictions on Assets to be included in a Cover Pool”); 
and 
(iii) 
with respect to the provisions relating to the valuation methodology to be used for assets to be 
included: that the valuation of properties located in Sweden and/or Norway, respectively, need 
only be carried out in accordance with the relevant local valuation standards required by the 
relevant local financial supervisory authority for issuing covered bonds under the relevant 
legislation in that country. 
The Issuer may, from time to time, seek such further exemptions from the provisions of the 
Danish Covered Bond Legislation as it sees necessary provided that the effect of any successful 
application will not adversely affect the rating(s), if any, given by the relevant rating agency/ies to the 
relevant issue of Covered Bonds. 
Details of the Issuer Cover Pools 
Overview 
The Issuer will use assets in the Cover Pools that comply with the CRR (Article 129) and the 
Issuer’s Covered Bonds Licence. 
One category of assets that may be used may be mortgage loans. The following table briefly 
describes the Issuer Cover Pools and the type and geographic concentrations of the mortgage loans in 
each Issuer Cover Pool as of the date of this Base Prospectus. Information relating to the loans secured 
by mortgages (and where relevant, their location) that are included in each relevant Issuer Cover Pool 
for which Covered Bonds have been issued will be provided on the Issuer’s website at 
https://www.danskebank.com, updated quarterly. 
 
Cover Pool 
Types of Mortgaged Property 
C 
Combined* 
D 
Danish Residential 
I 
Residential** 
* “Combined” can include loans secured by mortgages over residential and/or commercial real 
estate property.  Currently, the Issuer’s licence permits it to include loans secured by mortgages over 
properties located in Sweden and/or Norway and/or possibly in other countries in which the Issuer 
operates or will operate subject to the prior approval of the DFSA. 
** Currently, the Issuer’s licence permits it to include loans secured by mortgages over real 
estate located in Denmark, Sweden and/or Norway, and/or possibly in other countries in which the 
Issuer operates or will operate subject to the prior approval of the DFSA. However, the Issuer’s license 
does not permit it to commingle mortgages over real estate in Denmark with mortgages in other 
countries that do not comply with Danish legislation. The Issuer has decided that mortgages will be 
secured by residential real estate.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Issuer Cover Pools contains any non-compliant asset-
backed securities as outlined in the European Central Bank’s Guideline on the implementation of the 
Eurosystem monetary policy framework (recast) (ECB/2014/60). 
Composition 
The composition of the Category C Cover Pool, the Category D Cover Pool and the Category 
I Cover Pool may vary from time to time, also in so far as the geographic placing of the relevant 
mortgaged properties (if any) is concerned. With respect to information about the Issuer Cover Pools, 
the Issuer is participating in the European Covered Bond Council’s (“ECBC”) covered bond label 
framework and updates ECBC covered bond label templates quarterly with statistics and other 
information relating to the loans secured by mortgages (and where relevant, their location) that are 
included in each relevant Issuer Cover Pool, and this will be provided on the Issuer’s website at 
https://www.danskebank.com. In addition, an independent auditor of the Issuer appointed under the 
Danish Covered Bond Legislation shall monitor the Issuer’s compliance with certain requirements in 
the Danish Covered Bond Legislation. Covered Bondholders will not otherwise receive detailed 
statistics or information in relation to each loan, location of each mortgaged residential or, as the case 
may be, commercial real estate or other assets contained or to be contained in the relevant Issuer Cover 
Pool, as it is expected that the constitution of the relevant Issuer Cover Pool may change from time to 
time. For the avoidance of doubt and in accordance with the Danish Covered Bond Legislation, the 
Issuer Cover Pools will be kept separate at all times, and thus there will be no commingling of the 
relevant underlying assets.  
In respect of the Category D Cover Pool and the Category I Cover Pool, with respect to the 
loans that are granted with mortgages as collateral and that are to be included, the Issuer does not intend 
to include loans other than loans secured by mortgages over residential properties, summer houses and 
undeveloped land, notwithstanding the more extensive types of properties permitted under the 
provisions of the Danish Covered Bond Legislation. However, other non-mortgage assets may be 
included. 
In so far as the Category C Cover Pool or the Category I Cover Pool may contain mortgage 
loans as described in Exemption (ii) above, the Issuer will not treat any additional value as overcollateral 
for the purposes of determining the level of Overcollateralisation (as defined below) in the relevant 
Issuer Cover Pool.  
Certain changes have been undertaken as the Issuer established a mortgage credit institution in 
2017 in Sweden, Danske Hypotek AB (publ) (“Danske Hypotek”). In connection with this, the Issuer 
is currently in the process of transferring assets from the Issuer to Danske Hypotek. The Category C 
Cover Pool may still contain a mix of commercial and residential loans, however, the composition of 
the Category C Cover Pool may become increasingly exposed to commercial loans as assets are 
transferred to Danske Hypotek. The transfer of loans from the Category C Cover Pool started in 2022. 
As the transfer process is complicated and based on a number of factors, it is expected to continue for 
some time. 
As of July 2023, the Issuer came to an agreement with Nordea on the sale of the Issuer’s 
Norwegian personal customer business. The agreement was approved by the Norwegian Competition 
Authority in December 2023 and the transaction was approved by the Norwegian FSA in February 
2024, and the sale is expected to be completed in the fourth quarter of 2024. The agreement affects the 
Category I Cover Pool. Outstanding NOK-denominated covered bonds will be transferred to Nordea 
and the Norwegian mortgage loans secured by residential real estate will be sold to Nordea. The 
remaining outstanding covered bonds in the Category I Cover Pool will be collateralized by other 
covered bond eligible assets.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
The Issuer currently intends to act in the capacity of hedge counterparty with respect to 
derivative contracts which have been entered into for the purpose of hedging risks between assets in the 
Cover Pools and the Covered Bonds.  
Overcollateralisation 
The Issuer will maintain the present value of the relevant Issuer Cover Pool at a level that 
exceeds the present value of the liabilities relating to the relevant Category of Covered Bonds 
(“Overcollateralisation”). It is the current intention of the management of the Issuer that it will 
maintain a level of Overcollateralisation in each relevant Issuer Cover Pool that will be sufficient to 
manage the market risk of the relevant Issuer Cover Pool and, up to a level of Overcollateralisation 
which the Issuer considers to be reasonably required, to enable the relevant Covered Bonds to obtain 
and maintain the current relevant Issuer Cover Pool rating(s), if any. The rating(s) of the relevant 
Covered Bonds are based on an assumption of Overcollateralisation; if the level of Overcollateralisation 
is not maintained, the rating of the relevant Covered Bonds may change from time to time. 
The Danish implementation of the EU Covered Bonds Package sets a 2 per cent. nominal 
overcollateralisation requirement on all Issuer Cover Pools.  
Set-off and Category C Covered Bonds 
In order to mitigate any risk that the exercise of the right of set-off will affect the Category C 
Cover Pool and therefore the Category C Covered Bonds (as further described in “Risks related to the 
structure of a particular issue of Covered Bonds” in “Risk Factors” above), the Issuer will include 
additional assets in the Category C Cover Pool up to a value that is at least equal to the set-off risk as 
calculated on a daily basis. 
The Issuer aims to ensure that the vast majority of the (i) Swedish loans included in the Category 
C Cover Pool granted after 16 November 2009 and (ii) Norwegian loans included in the Category C 
Cover Pool granted after 18 January 2010, will not contain any rights of set-off.  
Set-off and Category I Covered Bonds 
In order to mitigate any risk that the exercise of the right of set-off will affect the Category I 
Cover Pool and therefore the Category I Covered Bonds (as further described in “Risks related to the 
structure of a particular issue of Covered Bonds” in “Risk Factors” above), the Issuer will include 
additional assets in the relevant Issuer Cover Pool up to a value that is at least equal to the set-off risk 
as calculated on a daily basis.  
The Issuer has ensured that any loans included in the Category I Cover Pool granted after 1 
April 2008 do not contain any rights of set-off.  
Liquidity risk mitigation for each Issuer Cover Pool 
As described in “Risks relating to the Issuer”, the Issuer is subject to liquidity risk. As a mitigant 
to this liquidity risk, the Issuer currently intends that it shall, for each relevant Issuer Cover Pool rated 
by Fitch, for such time as the Issuer’s default ratings are below A or F1 (long-term and short-term, 
respectively, in the case of Fitch (as defined in the “General Description of the Programme”)) and, if 
necessary to enable the Covered Bonds to maintain the current relevant issue rating(s), if any, ensure 
that there are enough liquid assets in the relevant Issuer Cover Pool(s) that have a value that is equal to 
the amount of expected covered bond interest payments due over the succeeding three months 
(calculated on a rolling basis), plus a buffer to cover senior expenses (according to Fitch covered bonds 
rating criteria), in the relevant Issuer Cover Pool(s) by replacing, if necessary, the relevant amount of 
existing assets with such liquid assets.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
The Danish implementation of the EU Covered Bonds Package puts a 180-days’ liquidity buffer 
requirement on all Issuer Cover Pools. When calculating the 180-days’ liquidity buffer, the one-year 
statutory extension of the administrator is taken into account as the final maturity of the Covered Bonds 
as per the Danish implementation of the EU Covered Bonds Package. Covered Bonds issued in 
Denmark will thus have the full benefit of statutory maturity extension triggers when calculating the 
180-days’ liquidity buffer requirement.  
Ranking of Covered Bonds and other assets in each Issuer Cover Pool 
In accordance with the UCITS Directive and the Capital Requirements Directive, the Covered 
Bonds have the benefit of priority over a matched pool of assets upon bankruptcy of the Issuer. To the 
extent that claims in relation to the Covered Bonds and related derivative contracts, any refinancing 
bonds issued by the administrator, any short-term loans taken out by the administrator and any Senior 
Debt (if any) issued with the benefit of the assets in the relevant Issuer Cover Pool are not met out of 
the pool of assets or the proceeds arising from it, the residual claims will rank pari passu with the 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, including obligations under preferred senior 
obligations, and ahead of the obligations under non-preferred senior debt obligations of the Issuer as 
well as ahead of the subordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
The rights of the Covered Bondholders and counterparties to derivative contracts included in 
the relevant Issuer Cover Pool rank in priority to those of other creditors of the Issuer in so far as the 
relevant Issuer Cover Pool is concerned (save for costs incurred in connection with the operation, 
management, collection and realisation of the relevant Issuer Cover Pool in the event of bankruptcy 
which shall be covered before the claims of the Covered Bondholders). To the extent that claims in 
relation to the Covered Bonds and related derivative contracts, any refinancing bonds issued by the 
administrator, any short-term loans taken out by the administrator and any Senior Debt (if any) issued 
with the benefit of the assets in the relevant Issuer Cover Pool are not met out of the pool of assets or 
the proceeds arising from it, the residual claims will rank pari passu with the unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, including obligations under preferred senior obligations, and 
ahead of the obligations under the non-preferred senior debt obligations of the Issuer as well as ahead 
of the subordinated obligations of the Issuer.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
FORM OF THE COVERED BONDS 
Words and expressions defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” herein shall 
have the same meanings in this “Form of the Covered Bonds”. 
The Covered Bonds of each Series will be in bearer form, registered form or, in the case of VP 
Systems Covered Bonds, uncertificated book entry form. 
Form of Bearer Covered Bonds 
Each Tranche of Bearer Covered Bonds will initially be in the form of either a temporary global 
covered bond (the “Temporary Global Covered Bond”), without interest Coupons, or a permanent 
global covered bond (the “Permanent Global Covered Bond”), without interest Coupons, in each case 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. Each Temporary Global Covered Bond 
or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Covered Bond (each a “Global Covered Bond”) which is 
intended to be issued in classic global covered bond (“CGCB”) form and not in new global covered 
bond (“NGCB”) form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, will be deposited 
on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Covered Bonds with a depositary or a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and each Global Covered Bond which is 
intended to be issued in NGCB form as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
will be deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a Common Safe-keeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
If the Covered Bonds have a maturity of more than 1 year, unless the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement specifies that United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any 
successor United States Treasury regulation section, including without limitation, successor regulations 
issued in accordance with Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the 
United States Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) (the “TEFRA C Rules”) are 
applicable in relation to the Covered Bonds, United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) 
(or any successor United States Treasury regulation section, including without limitation, successor 
regulations issued in accordance with Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in 
connection with the United States Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) (the “TEFRA 
D Rules”) will apply in relation to the Covered Bonds.  
Temporary Global Covered Bond exchangeable for Permanent Global Covered Bond 
If the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specifies the form of Covered Bonds as being 
“Temporary Global Covered Bond exchangeable for a Permanent Global Covered Bond”, then the 
Covered Bonds will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Covered Bond which will be 
exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Covered Bond, without interest 
Coupons, not earlier than forty days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Covered Bonds 
upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Covered Bond unless exchange for 
interests in the Permanent Global Covered Bond is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest 
payments in respect of the Covered Bonds cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Covered Bond is to be exchanged for an interest 
in a Permanent Global Covered Bond, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Permanent Global Covered Bond, duly authenticated and, 
in the case of a NGCB, effectuated, to the bearer of the Temporary Global Covered Bond or (in the case 
of any subsequent exchange of a part of the Temporary Global Covered Bond) an increase in the 
principal amount of the Permanent Global Covered Bond in accordance with its terms against:

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Covered 
Bond to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent; and 
(ii) 
in either case, receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership, 
within seven days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
The principal amount of the Permanent Global Covered Bond shall be equal to the aggregate 
of the principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership; provided, 
however, that in no circumstances shall the principal amount of the Permanent Global Covered Bond 
exceed the initial principal amount of the Temporary Global Covered Bond. 
Temporary Global Covered Bond exchangeable for Definitive Covered Bonds 
If the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specifies the form of Covered Bonds as being 
“Temporary Global Covered Bond exchangeable for Definitive Covered Bonds” and also specifies that 
the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C Rules or the TEFRA D Rules are 
applicable, then the Covered Bonds will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Covered Bond 
which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Covered Bonds in definitive form (“Definitive 
Covered Bonds”) not earlier than forty days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Covered 
Bonds. 
If the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specifies the form of Covered Bonds as being 
“Temporary Global Covered Bond exchangeable for Definitive Covered Bonds” and the TEFRA D 
Rules are specified or are deemed to be applicable, then the Covered Bonds will initially be in the form 
of a Temporary Global Covered Bond which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive 
Covered Bonds not earlier than forty days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Covered 
Bonds upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the 
Covered Bonds cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Covered Bond is to be exchanged for Definitive 
Covered Bonds, the Issuer shall procure the delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive 
Covered Bonds, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of the Temporary Global Covered Bond to the bearer of the Temporary Global Covered Bond 
against the surrender of the Temporary Global Covered Bond at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent 
within thirty days of the bearer requesting such exchange save that this paragraph shall not apply if the 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specifies denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more integral multiples of another smaller amount. 
Permanent Global Covered Bond exchangeable for Definitive Covered Bonds  
If the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specifies the form of Covered Bonds as being 
“Permanent Global Covered Bond exchangeable for Definitive Covered Bonds”, then the Covered 
Bonds will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Covered Bond which will be exchangeable in 
whole, but not in part, for Definitive Covered Bonds: 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement; or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as being at the 
option of such holder of Permanent Global Covered Bond, upon such holder’s request save that, 
in relation to Bearer Covered Bonds, this paragraph (ii) shall not apply if the Final Terms or

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
Pricing Supplement specifies denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination 
plus one or more integral multiples of another smaller amount; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specifies “in the limited circumstances 
described in the Permanent Global Covered Bond”, then if Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period 
of fourteen days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently 
to cease business or in fact does so. 
The Permanent Global Covered Bond will also become exchangeable, in whole but not in part 
and at the option of the Issuer, for Definitive Covered Bonds if, by reason of any change in the laws of 
Denmark, the Issuer will be required to make any withholding or deduction from any payment in respect 
of the Covered Bonds which would not be required if the Covered Bonds were in definitive form. 
Interest-bearing Definitive Covered Bonds will have attached thereto at the time of their initial 
delivery Coupons. Interest-bearing Definitive Covered Bonds, if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, will have attached thereto at the time of their initial delivery, Talons for 
further coupons and the expression Coupons shall, where the context so requires, include Talons. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Covered Bond is to be exchanged for Definitive Covered 
Bonds, the Issuer shall procure the delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Covered 
Bonds, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the 
Permanent Global Covered Bond to the bearer of the Permanent Global Covered Bond against the 
surrender of the Permanent Global Covered Bond to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent or Registrar 
within 45 days of the bearer requesting such exchange save that paragraph (ii) above shall not apply if 
the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specifies denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more integral multiples of another smaller amount. 
If the Issuer does not make the required delivery of Definitive Covered Bonds by 6.00 p.m. 
(London time) on the day on which the relevant notice period expires or, as the case may be, the thirtieth 
day after the day on which such Permanent Global Covered Bond becomes due to be exchanged, such 
Permanent Global Covered Bond will become void in accordance with its terms but without prejudice 
to the rights conferred by the Deed of Covenant. 
Form of Registered Covered Bonds 
In respect of each Tranche of Covered Bonds issued in registered form, the Issuer will deliver 
to each Covered Bondholder of such Covered Bonds a Registered Covered Bond and the name of the 
Covered Bondholder will be recorded in the register which the Issuer shall procure to be kept by either 
of the Registrars. Registered Covered Bonds will be in substantially the forms (subject to amendment 
and completion) scheduled to the Agency Agreement. Covered Bonds issued in registered form will not 
be represented upon issue by a Temporary Global Covered Bond and Registered Covered Bonds will 
not be exchangeable for Bearer Covered Bonds. 
Registered Covered Bonds held in Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (or any other 
clearing system) will be represented by a global Registered Covered Bond (the “Global Registered 
Covered Bond”) which will be deposited with a common depositary or common safe-keeper, as the 
case may be for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (or such other relevant clearing system), and 
registered in the name of a nominee of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (or such other relevant 
clearing system) or, in the case of Registered Covered Bonds held under the new safekeeping structure 
(“NSS”), in the name of a nominee of the common safe-keeper, as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
The Global Registered Covered Bond will become exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for 
individual Registered Covered Bonds: 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement; or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as being at the 
option of the holder of such Global Registered Covered Bond, upon such holder’s request, in 
all cases at the cost and expense of the Issuer; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specifies “in the limited circumstances 
described in the Permanent Global Covered Bond”, then (a) if Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period 
of fourteen days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently 
to cease business or in fact does so or (b) DTC ceases to be a “Clearing Agency” registered 
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or (c) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
DTC, as the case may be, notifies the Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to continue as 
depositary for such Global Registered Covered Bond. 
The Global Registered Covered Bond will become exchangeable, in whole but not in part at the 
option of the Issuer, for individual Registered Covered Bonds if, by reason of any change in the laws 
of Denmark, the Issuer will be required to make any withholding or deduction from any payment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds which would not be required if the Covered Bonds are in individual form. 
Whenever the Global Registered Covered Bond is to be exchanged for individual Registered 
Covered Bonds, such Registered Covered Bonds will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal 
to the principal amount of the Global Registered Covered Bond within five business days of the 
delivery, by or on behalf of the registered holder of the Global Registered Covered Bond, Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to the Registrar of such information as is required to complete and 
deliver such Registered Covered Bonds (including, without limitation, the names and addresses of the 
persons in whose names the Registered Covered Bonds are to be registered and the principal amount of 
each such person’s holding) against the surrender of the Global Registered Covered Bond at the 
Specified Office of the Registrar. Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of 
the Agency Agreement and the regulations concerning the transfer and registration of Covered Bonds 
scheduled thereto and, in particular, shall be effected without charge to any holder, but against such 
indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which 
may be levied or imposed in connection with such exchange. 
If (a) individual Registered Covered Bonds have not been issued and delivered by 6.00 p.m. 
(London time) on the thirtieth day after the date on which the same are due to be issued and delivered 
in accordance with the terms of the Global Registered Covered Bond or (b) any of the Covered Bonds 
evidenced by the Global Registered Covered Bond has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions or the date for final redemption of the Covered Bonds has occurred and, in either 
case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not 
been made to the holder of the Global Registered Covered Bond on the due date for payment in 
accordance with the terms of the Global Registered Covered Bond, then the Global Registered Covered 
Bond (including the obligation to deliver Registered Covered Bonds) will become void at 6.00 p.m. 
(London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 6.00 p.m. (London time) on such 
date (in the case of (b) above) and the holder will have no further rights thereunder (but without 
prejudice to the rights which the holder or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). Under the 
Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (or any 
other relevant clearing system) as being entitled to interests in the Covered Bonds will acquire directly 
against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have been entitled if, immediately before the 
Global Registered Covered Bond became void, they had been the registered holders of Covered Bonds

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Covered Bonds they were shown as 
holding in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system (as 
the case may be). 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Covered Bonds and Clearing System procedures  
The Terms and Conditions applicable to any Covered Bond in global form or any Definitive 
Covered Bond will be endorsed on that Covered Bond and will consist of the Terms and Conditions set 
out under “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” below and the provisions of the relevant Final 
Terms which completes or (in the case of Exempt Covered Bonds only) the relevant Pricing Supplement 
which completes and/or amends and/or replaces those Terms and Conditions. 
While the Covered Bonds are in global form, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligations 
under the Covered Bonds by making payments (i) to a common depositary (for Bearer Covered Bonds 
which are CGCBs and Global Reg. S Covered Bonds which are not held under the NSS) or (ii) to a 
common safe-keeper (for Bearer Covered Bonds which are NGCBs or Global Reg. S Covered Bonds 
which are held under the NSS) or (iii) to the Custodian for, and registered in the name of Cede & Co. 
as nominee for, DTC (for Global Restricted Covered Bonds). A holder of a beneficial interest in a 
Global Covered Bond or a Global Registered Covered Bond must rely on the procedures of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case may be, to receive payments under the relevant 
Covered Bonds. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments 
made in respect of, beneficial interests in such a Global Covered Bond or Global Registered Covered 
Bond (as applicable). 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Covered Bonds having a maturity of more than one year, the 
Covered Bonds in global form and the Covered Bonds in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons 
appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the following effect: 
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the 
United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the 
Internal Revenue Code.” 
The sections referred to in such legend provide that a United States person who holds a Covered 
Bond, Coupon or Talon will generally not be allowed to deduct any loss realised on the sale, exchange 
or redemption of such Covered Bond, Coupon or Talon and any gain (which might otherwise be 
characterised as capital gain) recognised on such sale, exchange or redemption will be treated as 
ordinary income. 
Registered Covered Bonds - DTC Information 
DTC will act as securities depositary for the Global Reg. S Covered Bonds and the Global 
Restricted Covered Bonds. The Global Reg. S Covered Bonds and the Global Restricted Covered Bonds 
will be issued as fully registered securities registered in the name of Cede & Co. The deposit of such 
Covered Bonds with DTC and their registration in the name of Cede & Co. will effect no change in 
beneficial ownership. DTC has no knowledge of the actual beneficial owners of the Registered Covered 
Bonds; DTC’s records reflect only the identity of the participants to whose accounts such Covered 
Bonds are credited, which may or may not be the beneficial owners of the Registered Covered Bonds. 
DTC has advised the Issuer as follows: “DTC is a limited-purpose trust company organised 
under the New York Banking Law, a “banking organisation” within the meaning of the New York 
Banking Law, a member of the Federal Reserve System, a “clearing corporation” within the meaning 
of the New York Uniform Commercial Code and a “clearing agency” registered pursuant to the

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
provisions of section 17A of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934. DTC holds securities 
that its Participants (“Direct Participants”) deposit with DTC. DTC also facilitates the settlement 
among Participants of securities transactions, such as transfers and pledges, in deposited securities 
through electronic computerised book-entry changes in Participants’ accounts, thereby eliminating the 
need for physical movement of securities certificates. Direct Participants include securities brokers and 
dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations and certain other organisations. DTC is owned 
by a number of its Direct Participants and by the New York Stock Exchange, Inc., the American Stock 
Exchange, Inc., and the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. Access to the DTC system is 
also available to others such as securities brokers and dealers, banks and trust companies that clear 
through or maintain a custodial relationship with a Direct Participant, either directly or indirectly 
(“Indirect Participants” and, together with the Direct Participants, the “Participants”). The rules 
applicable to DTC and its Participants are on file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.” 
Voting of Registered Covered Bonds 
Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. will consent or vote with respect to the Registered Covered Bonds 
represented by the Global Registered Covered Bonds. However, DTC has advised the Issuer that it will 
take any action permitted to be taken by a holder of Registered Covered Bonds represented by the 
Global Registered Covered Bonds (including, without limitation, the delivery of consent, the exercise 
of voting rights, or the presentation of a Global Registered Covered Bond for exchange as described 
above) at the direction of one or more agent members to whose account with DTC interests in a Global 
Registered Covered Bond are credited and only in respect of such portion of the aggregate principal 
amount of the Registered Covered Bonds as to which such agent member or agent members has or have 
given such direction. 
Purchase of Registered Covered Bonds 
Purchases of Registered Covered Bonds represented by the Global Registered Covered Bonds 
under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct Participants, which will receive a credit for 
the Registered Covered Bonds on DTC’s records. The ownership interest of each actual purchaser of a 
Registered Covered Bond (a “Beneficial Owner”) held through DTC is in turn recorded on the Direct 
and Indirect Participants’ records. Beneficial Owners will not receive written confirmation from DTC 
of their purchase but are expected to receive written confirmations regarding details of the transaction, 
as well as periodic statements of their holdings, from the Direct or Indirect Participants through which 
the Beneficial Owners entered into the transaction. Transfer of ownership interests in Registered 
Covered Bonds represented by the Global Registered Covered Bonds held by DTC are accomplished 
by entries made on the books of Participants acting on behalf of Beneficial Owners. Beneficial Owners 
will not receive certificates representing their ownership interests in Registered Covered Bonds 
represented by the Global Registered Covered Bonds from DTC, except in the event that the use of the 
book-entry system for the Covered Bonds is discontinued. 
Principal and Interest payments 
Principal and interest payments on Registered Covered Bonds represented by the Global 
Registered Covered Bonds held by DTC will be made to Cede & Co., as nominee of DTC. DTC’s 
practice is to credit Direct Participants’ accounts, upon DTC’s receipt of funds and corresponding detail 
information from the Issuer or the Paying Agent, on the payment date in accordance with their 
respective holdings shown on DTC’s records unless DTC has reason to believe that it will not receive 
payment on the payment date. Payments by Direct Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed 
by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the case with securities held for the accounts of 
customers in bearer form or registered in “street name”, and will be the responsibility of such Participant 
and not of DTC, the Fiscal Agent, the other Paying Agents or the Issuer, subject to any statutory or 
regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time. Payment of principal and interest to Cede 
& Co., is the responsibility of the Issuer or the Fiscal Agent or any other Paying Agents, as the case

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
may be. Disbursement of payment received by DTC to Direct Participants shall be the responsibility of 
DTC. Disbursement of such payments to the Beneficial Owners shall be the responsibility of Direct and 
Indirect Participants. 
The laws of some states within the United States require that certain persons take physical 
delivery of securities in definitive form. Consequently, any transfer of beneficial interests in a Global 
Registered Covered Bond to such persons may require that such interests be exchanged for Registered 
Covered Bonds in definitive form. Because DTC can only act on behalf of Direct Participants which, 
in turn, act on behalf of Indirect Participants and certain banks, the ability of a person having a beneficial 
interest in a Global Registered Covered Bond to pledge such interest to persons or entities that do not 
participate in the DTC system, or otherwise take action in respect of such interest, may be affected by 
the lack of a physical registered certificate. 
DTC may discontinue providing its services as securities depositary with respect to Registered 
Covered Bonds at any time by giving reasonable notice to the Issuer and the Paying Agents. Under such 
circumstances, in the event that a successor securities depositary is not obtained, Registered Covered 
Bonds in definitive form would be delivered to individual Covered Bondholders. In addition, the Issuer 
may decide to discontinue use of the system of book-entry transfers through DTC (or a successor 
securities depositary). In that event, Registered Covered Bonds in definitive form would be delivered 
to individual Covered Bondholders. 
Form of VP Systems Covered Bonds 
Each Tranche of VP Systems Covered Bonds will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised 
book entry form. The VP Systems Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will not be evidenced 
by any physical note or document of title other than statements of account made by VP, VPS or 
Euroclear Sweden. Legal title to the VP Systems Covered Bonds will be evidenced by book entries in 
the records of VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden (as the case may be). A holder of VP Systems Covered 
Bonds will have to rely on the clearing system procedures to receive payments under the relevant VP 
Systems Covered Bonds. Issues of VP Systems Covered Bonds are the subject of the VP Systems 
Agency Agreement. On the issue of such VP Systems Covered Bonds, the Issuer will send a copy of 
the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement to the Fiscal Agent, with a copy sent to the VP Systems 
Agent. On delivery of the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement by the VP Systems Agent to VP, 
VPS or Euroclear Sweden (as the case may be) and notification to VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden (as 
the case may be) of the subscribers and their VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden (as the case may be) account 
details by the relevant Dealer(s), the VP Systems Agent, acting on behalf of the Issuer, will give 
instructions to VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden (as the case may be) to credit each subscribing account 
holder with VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden (as the case may be) with a nominal amount of VP Systems 
Covered Bonds equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VP Systems Covered Bonds in VP, 
VPS or Euroclear Sweden (as the case may be) will take place in accordance with market practice at 
the time of the transaction. Transfers of interests in the relevant VP Systems Covered Bonds will take 
place in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden 
(as the case may be). 
General 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC and/or VP, 
VPS or Euroclear Sweden (as the case may be) shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to 
include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system approved by the Issuer, the Fiscal 
Agent, the other Paying Agents and the relevant Covered Bondholders.

--- Page 59 ---
Terms and Conditions 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
59 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds which, as completed by the 
relevant Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Covered Bonds only) as completed and/or amended 
and/or replaced by the relevant Pricing Supplement, will be incorporated by reference into each global 
Covered Bond and each definitive Covered Bond, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant 
stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Covered Bond will have endorsed 
thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The Terms and Conditions will also be 
applicable to each VP Systems Covered Bond. VP Systems Covered Bonds will not be evidenced by any 
physical covered bond or document of title other than statements of account made by VP, VPS, or 
Euroclear Sweden (as the case may be). Ownership of VP Systems Covered Bonds will be recorded and 
transfer effected only through the book entry system and register maintained by VP, VPS, or Euroclear 
Sweden (as the case may be). 
The relevant Pricing Supplement in relation to any Tranche of Exempt Covered Bonds may 
specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent 
with the Terms and Conditions, amend and/or replace the Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such 
Covered Bonds. 
Reference should be made to “Form of the Covered Bonds” for a description of the content of 
the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation 
to the relevant Covered Bonds. 
1. 
Introduction 
1.1 
Agency Agreement: This Covered Bond is one of a Series (as defined below) of Covered Bonds 
issued by Danske Bank A/S (the “Issuer”) pursuant either to (A) an Agency Agreement (as 
may be amended or supplemented from time to time, the “Agency Agreement”) dated 8 
November 2024 between the Issuer, Citibank, N.A., London Branch as Fiscal Agent and the 
other agents named in it; or (B) in the case of VP Systems Covered Bonds, an agency agreement 
(as may be amended or supplemented from time to time, the “VP Systems Agency 
Agreement”) dated 8 November 2024 between the Issuer and the agents named in it and the 
Agency Agreement to the extent specified therein and, except in relation to VP Systems 
Covered Bonds, with the benefit of a Deed of Covenant (as may be amended or supplemented 
from time to time, the “Deed of Covenant”) dated 8 November 2024 executed by the Issuer in 
relation to the Covered Bonds 
1.2 
References herein to the “Covered Bonds” shall be references to the Covered Bonds of this 
Series and shall mean: 
(i) 
in relation to any Covered Bonds represented by a global Covered Bond, units of the 
lowest Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(ii) 
(in the case of Bearer Covered Bonds) definitive Bearer Covered Bonds issued in 
exchange (or part exchange) for a global Covered Bond; 
(iii) 
(in the case of Registered Covered Bonds) definitive Registered Covered Bonds; 
(iv) 
any global Covered Bond; and

--- Page 60 ---
Terms and Conditions 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
60 
 
(v) 
Covered Bonds cleared through the Danish, Norwegian or Swedish (as the case may 
be) central securities depository (“VP Systems Covered Bonds” and the “VP”, 
“VPS”, and “Euroclear Sweden” respectively). 
References herein to the “Exempt Covered Bonds” are to Covered Bonds for which no 
prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation. 
1.3 
Fiscal and Paying Agent: The fiscal agent, the VP systems agent, the paying agents, the 
registrar and the calculations agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below 
respectively as the “Fiscal Agent”, the “VP Systems Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which 
expression shall include the Fiscal Agent), the “Registrar” and the “Calculation Agent(s)”. 
Each Tranche of VP Systems Covered Bonds will be created and held in uncertificated book 
entry form in accounts with VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden (as the case may be). The VP 
Systems Agent will act as agent of the Issuer in respect of all dealings with VP, VPS or 
Euroclear Sweden (as the case may be) in respect of VP Systems Covered Bonds.  
1.4 
Interest Bearing Covered Bonds: Interest bearing definitive Bearer Covered Bonds have 
interest coupons (“Coupons”) and, if specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, talons for further Coupons (“Talons”) attached on issue. Any reference herein to 
Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a 
reference to Talons or talons. Registered Covered Bonds, in definitive or global form, do not 
have Coupons attached on issue. 
1.5 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement: Each Tranche of Covered Bonds other than Exempt 
Covered Bonds is the subject of a final terms document (the “Final Terms”) which completes 
these Terms and Conditions (these “Conditions”). Each Tranche of Exempt Covered Bonds is 
the subject of a pricing supplement (the “Pricing Supplement”) which completes and/or 
amends and/or replaces these Conditions. References to the “relevant Final Terms” or “relevant 
Pricing Supplement” are to the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) which are (except in the case of VP Systems Covered Bonds) attached to or endorsed 
on this Covered Bond. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of 
Covered Bonds are these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms or (in the case 
of Exempt Covered Bonds only) as completed and/or amended and/or replaced by the relevant 
Pricing Supplement. In the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement 
shall prevail. 
1.6 
Summaries: The statements in these Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the 
detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement. Copies of the Agency Agreement, the VP 
Systems Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are obtainable during normal business 
hours at the Specified Office of each of the Paying Agents and the Registrar. If this Covered 
Bond is admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as 
Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”), the relevant Final Terms will be available for viewing 
on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin. The 
Covered Bondholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of all the provisions 
of the Agency Agreement and the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement which are 
applicable to them. 
2. 
Interpretation 
2.1 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
“Accrual Yield” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement;

--- Page 61 ---
Terms and Conditions 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
61 
 
“Adjustment Spread” means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, which the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser (if applicable) and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, determines is required to be applied to the relevant Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable in the relevant circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
applicable) to the Covered Bondholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate with the relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with such Successor Reference Rate by 
any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate for which no such recommendation has been 
made or in the case of an Alternative Reference Rate, the Issuer, following consultation 
with the Independent Adviser (if applicable) and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines is recognised or acknowledged as being 
in customary market usage in international debt capital markets transactions which 
reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by such 
Successor Reference Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); or 
(iii) 
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the Issuer, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if applicable) and acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines is recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative 
transactions which reference the relevant Original Reference Rate, where such rate has 
been replaced by the relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable); or 
(iv) 
if no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged, the Issuer, in its discretion, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if applicable) and acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate; 
“Administrator” means an administrator of the relevant Issuer Cover Pool that has been 
appointed pursuant to the Danish Covered Bond Legislation;  
“Alternative Reference Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate that the Issuer 
(following consultation with an Independent Adviser (if applicable)) determines has replaced 
the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets 
for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) in respect of covered bonds denominated in the Specified Currency and of a 
comparable duration to the relevant Interest Periods, or, if the Issuer (following consultation 
with an Independent Adviser (if applicable)) determines that there is no such rate, such other 
rate as the Issuer (following consultation with an Independent Adviser (if applicable)) 
determines in its discretion is most comparable to the Original Reference Rate; 
“Applicable Business Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Applicable Financial Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Bearer Covered Bonds” means Covered Bonds issued in bearer form;

--- Page 62 ---
Terms and Conditions 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
62 
 
“Benchmark Event” means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
such Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for at least five Business Days 
or ceasing to exist or be administered; or 
(ii) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the administrator of such Original 
Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing such Original 
Reference Rate, permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of such Original 
Reference Rate) and (B) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred 
to in (ii)(A); or 
(iii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such Original 
Reference Rate that such Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(iv) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of such Original Reference Rate that such Original Reference Rate will, on or before a 
specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (B) the date falling six 
months prior to the specified date referred to in (iv)(A); or 
(v) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of such Original Reference Rate that such Original Reference Rate will be prohibited 
from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, 
in each case on or before a specified date and (B) the date falling six months prior to 
the specified date referred to in (v)(A); or 
(vi) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for the 
Calculation Agent or any other agents party to the Agency Agreement to calculate any 
payments due to be made to the Covered Bondholders using such Original Reference 
Rate; or 
(vii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such Original 
Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer 
representative or may no longer be used; 
“Benchmark Replacement” means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate, the first 
alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by 
the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for such Original Reference Rate 
and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(ii) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer as the 
replacement for such Original Reference Rate giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current benchmark for U.S. 
dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment;

--- Page 63 ---
Terms and Conditions 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
63 
 
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread 
adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the 
replacement of the then-current benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the 
definition of Interest Accrual Period, the timing and frequency of determining rates and making 
payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the 
Issuer decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a 
manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer decides that adoption of 
any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer determines 
that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as 
the Issuer determines is reasonably necessary); 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the Original Reference Rate (including the daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof): 
(i) 
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event,” the 
later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Original Reference Rate (or such 
component); or 
(ii) 
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event,” the date 
of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date 
occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior 
to the Relevant Time for such determination; 
“Benchmark Transition Event” means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate, the 
occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to such Original Reference Rate 
(including the daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of 
such Original Reference Rate (or such component) announcing that such administrator 
has ceased or will cease to provide such Original Reference Rate (or such component), 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication,

--- Page 64 ---
Terms and Conditions 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
64 
 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide such Original 
Reference Rate (or such component); or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of such Original Reference Rate (or such component), the central bank 
for the currency of such Original Reference Rate (or such component), an insolvency 
official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Original Reference Rate (or 
such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for 
such Original Reference Rate (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Original Reference 
Rate, which states that the administrator of such Original Reference Rate (or such 
component) has ceased or will cease to provide such Original Reference Rate (or such 
component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide such 
Original Reference Rate (or such component); or 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of such Original Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference 
Rate is no longer representative; 
“Broken Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“BRRD” means the Directive (2014/59/EU) of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
resolution and recovery of credit institutions and investment firms dated 15 May 2014 and 
published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 12 June 2014 (or, as the case may 
be, any provision of Danish law transposing or implementing such Directive), as amended or 
replaced from time to time (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the amendments to such 
Directive resulting from Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council dated 20 May 2019 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 
June 2019); 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of Interest Determination Dates only, where the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement specifies a “Business Day” preceded by a city for the purposes of 
the Interest Determination Date(s), a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in that city; and 
(ii) 
in all other cases, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in each Applicable Business Centre, and if T2 
is an Applicable Business Centre, a T2 Settlement Day; 
“Business Day Convention”, in relation to any particular date, shall be as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, may have different meanings in relation to different dates and, in this 
context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
“Following Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be 
postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
“Modified Following Business Day Convention” or “Modified Business Day 
Convention” means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day

--- Page 65 ---
Terms and Conditions 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
65 
 
that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case 
that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
“Preceding Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
“FRN Convention”, “Floating Rate Convention” or “Eurodollar Convention” 
means that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the 
preceding such date in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in 
the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as the Specified Period after the 
calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, however, that: 
(a) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in 
which any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is 
a Business Day in that calendar month; 
(b) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, 
then such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless 
that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first 
preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(c) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which 
was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which 
is a Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of 
months after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; 
and 
(v) 
“No Adjustment” means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention; 
“Calculation Agent” means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Calculation Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement; 
“Call Option” has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Category of Covered Bonds” means the relevant Issuer Cover Pool ascribed to the Covered 
Bonds in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“CIBOR” means the Copenhagen interbank offered rate; 
“CITA” means the Copenhagen interbank tomorrow/next average rate; 
“Clearing System Business Day” means any day other than (i) Saturdays and Sundays and (ii) 
1 January and 25 December; 
“Clearstream, Luxembourg” means Clearstream Banking S.A.; 
“Couponholders” means the holders of the Coupons, and such expression shall, unless the 
context otherwise requires, include the holders of Talons;

--- Page 66 ---
Terms and Conditions 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
66 
 
“Covered Bondholders” means the holders for the time being of the Covered Bonds, and such 
expression shall in relation to any Covered Bonds represented by a global Covered Bond and 
in relation to VP Systems Covered Bonds, be construed as provided below; 
“Danish Covered Bond Legislation” means the Danish Financial Business Act (lov om 
finansiel virksomhed) and relevant executive orders (bekendtgørelser) and regulations thereto 
as may be supplemented, amended, modified, varied, extended, replaced or re-enacted from 
time to time, as well as any judicial decisions and administrative pronouncements all of which 
are subject to change, including with retroactive effect; 
“Danish Financial Business Act” means the Danish Financial Business Act (Consolidated Act 
No. 1013 of 21 August 2024, as supplemented, amended, modified, varied, extended, replaced 
or re-enacted from time to time); 
“Danish Recovery and Resolution Act” means the Danish Recovery and Resolution Act of 
Certain Financial Undertakings (Consolidated Act No. 24 of 4 January 2019, as supplemented, 
amended, modified, varied, extended, replaced or re-enacted from time to time); 
“Danish Statutory Cover Pool Powers” means any powers assigned to an Administrator 
existing from time to time under the Danish Covered Bond Legislation including, without 
limitation, any power to extend the maturity of the Covered Bonds in certain circumstances; 
“Danish Statutory Stay Powers” means the powers of the FS to exercise any Danish Statutory 
Stay Powers in relation to the Issuer, which include:  
(i) 
the suspension of payment or delivery obligations and/or the suspension of termination 
rights, as set out in Article 33(a), Article 69, Article 70 and Article 71 of the BRRD 
and any provision of Danish law transposing or implementing such Articles, including, 
without limitation, Sections 4(a) and 32-34 of the Danish Recovery and Resolution 
Act; and  
(ii) 
the exclusion of certain contractual terms in early intervention and resolution set out in 
Article 68 of the BRRD and any provision of Danish law transposing or implementing 
such Article, including Section 31 of the Danish Recovery and Resolution Act;  
and, in each case, any Executive Orders issued pursuant thereto and any regulatory standards 
adopted by the European Commission pursuant to Article 71(a) of the BRRD;  
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any 
Covered Bond for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but 
excluding the last) (whether or not constituting an Interest Period) (the “Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified hereon, 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (x) the number of days in such Regular Period and (y) the number 
of Regular Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of

--- Page 67 ---
Terms and Conditions 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
67 
 
days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in 
such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods normally 
ending in any year; 
(ii) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is specified hereon, the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of 
the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 
365); 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction=
[360×(Y2−Y1)]+[30×(M2−M1)]+(D2−D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction=
[360×(Y2−Y1)]+[30×(M2−M1)]+(D2−D1)
360

--- Page 68 ---
Terms and Conditions 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
68 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction=
[360×(Y2−Y1)]+[30×(M2−M1)]+(D2−D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but 
not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30;  
“Designated Maturity” means, in respect of any Covered Bond for which (i) the Floating Rate 
Covered Bond Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as 
being applicable and (ii) Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest 
Period in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, the period of time designated in the 
relevant Reference Rate;

--- Page 69 ---
Terms and Conditions 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
69 
 
“Early Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Covered Bond, its Outstanding 
Principal Amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or calculated or determined in 
accordance with, these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Early Redemption Amount (Tax)” means, in respect of any Covered Bond, its Outstanding 
Principal Amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or calculated or determined in 
accordance with, these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Early Termination Amount” means, in respect of any Covered Bond, its Outstanding 
Principal Amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or calculated or determined in 
accordance with, these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Euroclear” means Euroclear Bank SA/NV; 
“Euroclear Sweden” means Euroclear Sweden AB, the Swedish central securities depository; 
“Exempt Covered Bonds” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 1.2; 
“Extraordinary Resolution” has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
“Final Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Covered Bond, its Outstanding 
Principal Amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance 
with, these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Fixed Coupon Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement; 
“FS” means “Finansiel Stabilitet” and any successor or replacement thereto, or other resolution 
authority with the ability to exercise any Danish Statutory Stay Powers in relation to the Issuer, 
in any case as determined by the Issuer; 
“IA Determination Cut-Off Date” means the date that is no later than five Business Days 
prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next Interest Period; 
“Interest Accrual Period” means (i) each Interest Period and (ii) any other period (if any) in 
respect of which interest is to be calculated, being the period from (and including) the first day 
of such period to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant payment of interest falls due; 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
other independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets, in 
each case selected and appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
“Interest Amount” means, in relation to a Calculation Amount and an Interest Period, the 
amount of interest payable in respect of the Calculation Amount for that Interest Period; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date of the Covered Bonds or such other 
date as may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement; 
“Interest Determination Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement;

--- Page 70 ---
Terms and Conditions 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
70 
 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and, if a 
Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; 
or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as being the Specified Period, each of 
such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months 
following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest Payment 
Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
“Interest Period” means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment 
Date; 
“ISDA Definitions” means either: (i) the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated as 
at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series) as published 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (“ISDA”) (the “2006 ISDA 
Definitions”) or (ii) the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions 
(as amended and updated at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds of the 
relevant Series) as published by ISDA (the “2021 ISDA Definitions”), in each case as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to 
the Original Reference Rate; 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect 
to the Original Reference Rate for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback 
Adjustment; 
“Issue Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Margin” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Maturity Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Maximum Rate of Interest” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement;  
“Maximum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement; 
“Member States” means the member states of the European Economic Area; 
“Minimum Rate of Interest” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement;

--- Page 71 ---
Terms and Conditions 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
71 
 
“Minimum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement; 
“NIBOR” means the Norwegian interbank offered rate; 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Call)” means, in respect of any Covered Bond, its 
Outstanding Principal Amount, or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in 
accordance with, these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Put)” means, in respect of any Covered Bond, its 
Outstanding Principal Amount, or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in 
accordance with, these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Optional Redemption Date (Call)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement; 
“Optional Redemption Date (Put)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement; 
“Original Reference Rate” means:  
(i) 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally specified for the purpose of 
determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) thereof) of 
the Covered Bonds;  
(ii) 
any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate which has been 
determined in relation to such benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant to the 
operation of Condition 5.2.9 (Reference Rate Replacement – Independent Adviser); or 
(iii) 
any Benchmark Replacement which has been determined in relation to such benchmark 
or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant to the operation of Condition 5.2.10 (Reference 
Rate Replacement – ARRC),  
as applicable;   
“Outstanding Principal Amount” means, in respect of a Covered Bond, its principal amount 
outstanding or otherwise as specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Payment Business Day” means: 
(i) 
if relevant, a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments generally; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each Applicable Financial 
Centre, and if T2 is an Applicable Financial Centre, a T2 Settlement Day; 
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality; 
“Private Placement Legend” means the legend set forth in the form of Registered Covered 
Bonds scheduled to the Agency Agreement;

--- Page 72 ---
Terms and Conditions 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
72 
 
“Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129; 
“Put Option Notice” means a notice, in the form available from the Specified Office of any 
Paying Agent, or in the case of Registered Covered Bonds, the Registrar which must be 
delivered to a Paying Agent or the Registrar by any Covered Bondholder wanting to exercise 
its right to require the Issuer to redeem a Covered Bond; 
“Put Option Receipt” means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent or, in the case of Registered 
Covered Bonds, the Registrar to a depositing Covered Bondholder upon deposit of a Covered 
Bond with such Paying Agent or the Registrar by any Covered Bondholder wanting to exercise 
its right to require the Issuer to redeem a Covered Bond; 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest 
payable in respect of the Covered Bonds specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement or calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions 
and/or the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and subject, at all times, if any such rate 
is below zero, that such rate will be deemed to be zero, unless otherwise stated in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Record Date” has the meaning given to such term in Condition 6.2.8 (Registered Covered 
Bonds – Payments); 
“Redemption Amount” means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount 
(Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the Early Termination Amount or such other 
amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in, or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of, these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement; 
“Reference Banks” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement 
or, if none, four major banks selected by the Issuer in the market that is most closely connected 
with the Reference Rate;  
“Reference Price” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Reference Rate” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
subject as provided in Condition 5.2.9 (Reference Rate Replacement – Independent Adviser) or 
Condition 5.2.10 (Reference Rate Replacement – ARRC), as applicable. In the case of Covered 
Bonds other than Exempt Covered Bonds, the Reference Rate shall be any one of SONIA, 
SOFR, EURIBOR, CIBOR, CITA, STIBOR and NIBOR, subject as provided in Condition 
5.2.9 (Reference Rate Replacement – Independent Adviser) or Condition 5.2.10 (Reference Rate 
Replacement – ARRC), as applicable; 
“Register” means a register established and maintained by the Issuer pursuant to the Danish 
Covered Bond Legislation; 
“Registered Covered Bonds” means Covered Bonds issued in registered form; 
“Registered Holder” means the persons in whose name a Registered Covered Bond is for the 
time being registered by the Registrar;

--- Page 73 ---
Terms and Conditions 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
73 
 
“Regular Period” means: 
(i) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of 
regular payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to 
but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and 
including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is 
scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, 
where “Regular Date” means the day and month (but not the year) on which any 
Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first 
Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, 
each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the 
next Regular Date, where “Regular Date” means the day and month (but not the year) 
on which any Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling 
at the end of the irregular Interest Period; 
“Relevant Date” means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on 
which the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not 
been received in the Applicable Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Fiscal Agent 
on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice 
to that effect has been given to the Covered Bondholders; 
“Relevant Financial Centre” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement; 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve 
Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto;  
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference Rate relates, or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of such Original Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference 
Rate relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible 
for supervising the administrator of such Original Reference Rate, (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, or (d) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof; 
“Relevant Screen Page” means the page, section or other part of a particular information 
service (including, without limitation, the Reuters Money 3000 Service) specified as the 
Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, or such other page, 
section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such other information 
service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the 
information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the 
Reference Rate;

--- Page 74 ---
Terms and Conditions 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
74 
 
“Relevant Time” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Reset Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Restricted Securities” has the meaning ascribed to such term in Rule 144(a)(3) under the 
United States Securities Act 1933; 
“Senior Debt” means loans that may be taken out to purchase assets which are in turn added 
to the relevant Issuer Cover Pool in the event that the Issuer is required to post additional 
collateral; 
“Series” means a Tranche of Covered Bonds together with any further Tranche or Tranches of 
Covered Bonds which are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) 
identical in all respects (including as to listing) except for their respective Issue Dates, the date 
of the first payment of interest, if any, the amount and/or the Issue Price; 
“SOFR” means, in respect of any Relevant Business Day (“RBDx”), a reference rate equal to 
the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate for such RBDx as provided by the SOFR 
Administrator on the SOFR Administrator’s Website or such other Relevant Screen Page as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, in each case at or about 3.00 p.m. 
(New York City time) on the Relevant Business Day immediately following RBDx; 
“SOFR Administrator” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of SOFR); 
“SOFR Administrator’s Website” means the website of the SOFR Administrator, or any 
successor source; 
“SONIA” means, in respect of any Relevant Business Day (“RBDy”), a reference rate equal to 
the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average rate for such RBDy as provided by the administrator 
of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or, if 
the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised 
distributors), in each case at or about 12.00 p.m. (London time) on the Relevant Business Day 
immediately following RBDy; 
“Specified Currency” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement; 
“Specified Denomination(s)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement; 
“Specified Office” has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
“Specified Period” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“STIBOR” means the Stockholm interbank offered rate; 
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any Person (the “first Person”) at any particular time, any 
other Person (the “second Person”): 
(i) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, whether 
by ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of 
the governing body of the second Person or otherwise; or

--- Page 75 ---
Terms and Conditions 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
75 
 
(ii) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally 
accepted accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person; 
“Successor Reference Rate” means the rate that the Issuer (following consultation with an 
Independent Adviser (if applicable)) determines is a successor to or replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
“T2 Settlement Day” means any day on which the real-time gross settlement system (“T2”) or 
any successor or replacement thereto is open for the settlement of payments in euro; 
“Talon” means a talon for further Coupons; 
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;  
“Tranche” means Covered Bonds which are identical in all respects (including as to listing); 
“VP” means VP Securities A/S (Værdipapircentralen A/S), the Danish central securities 
depository; 
“VPS” means the Norwegian Central Securities Depository (Verdipapirsentralen), the 
Norwegian central securities depository; 
“VP Systems Covered Bonds” means Covered Bonds issued in uncertificated book entry form 
cleared through VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden (as the case may be); and 
“Zero Coupon Covered Bonds” means a Covered Bond specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
2.2 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
Covered Bonds and Covered Bondholders shall be deemed to include references to 
Coupons and Coupon-holders, respectively, where relevant; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as being 
attached to the Covered Bonds at the time of issue, references to Coupons shall be 
deemed to include references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as being 
attached to the Covered Bonds at the time of issue, references to Talons are not 
applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any 
additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 8 
(Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Covered Bond and any other amount 
in the nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect 
of interest which may be payable under Condition 8 (Taxation) and any other amount 
in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Covered Bonds being “outstanding” shall be construed in accordance with 
the Agency Agreement;

--- Page 76 ---
Terms and Conditions 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
76 
 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2.1 (Definitions) to have the meaning given in 
the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, but the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement gives no such meaning or specifies that such expression is “not applicable” 
then such expression is not applicable to the Covered Bonds; 
(viii) 
any reference to the Agency Agreement or the Deed of Covenant shall be construed as 
a reference to the Agency Agreement or the Deed of Covenant, as the case may be, as 
amended and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue Date of the Covered 
Bonds; 
(ix) 
VP Systems Covered Bonds are in dematerialised form, and any references in these 
Conditions to Coupons and Talons shall not apply to VP Systems Covered Bonds and 
no global or definitive Covered Bonds will be issued in respect thereof;  
(x) 
any reference to any legislation, any provision thereof or to any instrument, order or 
regulation made thereunder shall be construed as a reference to such legislation, 
provision, instrument, order or regulation as the same may have been, or may from time 
to time be, supplemented, amended, modified, varied, extended, replaced or re-enacted; 
and 
(xi) 
if the Covered Bonds are Zero Coupon Covered Bonds, references to Coupons and 
Couponholders are not applicable. 
2.3 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement prevails: Words and expressions defined in the Agency 
Agreement or used in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement shall have the same 
meanings where used in these Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated and provided that in the event of any inconsistency between the Agency 
Agreement and the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement will prevail. 
3. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
3.1 
Form of the Covered Bonds: The Covered Bonds are issued in bearer form (the Bearer Covered 
Bonds), registered form (the Registered Covered Bonds) or, in the case of VP Systems Covered 
Bonds, uncertificated book entry form and, in the case of definitive Covered Bonds, serially 
numbered, in the Specified Currency and the Specified Denomination(s). Save as provided in 
Condition 11 (Transfer and Exchange of Registered Covered Bonds), Covered Bonds of one 
Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Covered Bonds of another Specified 
Denomination. 
3.2 
No Exchange: Bearer Covered Bonds may not be exchanged for Registered Covered Bonds and 
vice versa. VP Systems Covered Bonds may not be exchanged for Bearer Covered Bonds or 
Registered Covered Bonds and vice versa.  
The Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, Floating Rate Covered Bonds, Zero 
Coupon Covered Bonds or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest 
Basis shown in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement.  
3.3 
Title to Covered Bond in definitive form: Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Covered 
Bonds and Coupons will pass by delivery and title to the individual Registered Covered Bonds 
will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement. The Issuer and the Replacement Agent (as defined in the Agency Agreement), the 
Registrar and any Paying Agent may deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Covered Bond or 
Coupon and the registered holder of any Registered Covered Bond as the absolute owner

--- Page 77 ---
Terms and Conditions 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
77 
 
thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon 
or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes however, in the case of any 
global Covered Bond, without prejudice to the provisions set out in Condition 3.4 (Title to 
Global Covered Bond). 
3.4 
Title to Global Covered Bond: For so long as any of the Covered Bonds is represented by a 
Bearer Global Covered Bond held on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, or 
for so long as The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) or its nominee is the registered holder 
of a Registered Global Covered Bond, each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or DTC (as the case may be) as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such 
Covered Bonds (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by such clearing 
system as to the nominal amount of such Covered Bonds standing to the account of any person 
shall, save in the case of manifest error, be conclusive and binding for all purposes, including 
any form of statement or print out of electronic records provided by the relevant clearing system 
in accordance with its usual procedures and in which the holder of a particular nominal amount 
of such Covered Bonds is clearly identified together with the amount of such holding) shall be 
treated by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Replacement Agent and any other Paying Agent as 
the holder of such nominal amount of such Covered Bonds for all purposes other than (in the 
case only of Covered Bonds not being VP Systems Covered Bonds) with respect to the payment 
of principal or interest on the Covered Bonds, for which purpose, in the case of Covered Bonds 
represented by a Bearer Global Covered Bond, the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Covered 
Bond or, in the case of a Registered Global Covered Bond, the registered holder of the relevant 
Registered Global Covered Bond, shall be treated by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and any other 
Paying Agent as the holder of such Covered Bonds in accordance with and subject to the terms 
of the relevant global Covered Bond and the expressions “Covered Bondholder” and “ Covered 
Bondholders” and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
3.5 
Title to VP Systems Covered Bonds: Title to the VP Systems Covered Bonds will pass by 
registration in the registers between the direct or indirect accountholders at VP, VPS or 
Euroclear Sweden (as the case may be) in accordance with the rules and procedures of VP, VPS 
or Euroclear Sweden (as the case may be). Where a nominee is so evidenced, it shall be treated 
by the Issuer as the holder of the relevant VP Systems Covered Bond. The holder of a VP 
Systems Covered Bond will be the person evidenced as such by a book entry in the records of 
VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden (as the case may be). 
4. 
Status of the Covered Bonds 
Each relevant Category of Covered Bonds constitutes ordinary and unsubordinated obligations, 
issued in accordance with, and subject to, the Danish Covered Bond Legislation and ranks pari 
passu among themselves and with related derivative contracts contained in the relevant Issuer 
Cover Pool (as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement). Senior Debt (if 
any) ranks immediately thereafter. To the extent that claims in relation to the relevant Category 
of Covered Bonds and related derivative contracts, any refinancing bonds issued by the 
Administrator, any short-term loans taken out by the Administrator and any Senior Debt (if 
any) issued with the benefit of the assets in the relevant Issuer Cover Pool are not met out of 
the pool of assets or the proceeds arising from it, the residual claims will rank pari passu with 
the unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, including obligations under 
preferred senior obligations, and ahead of the obligations under the non-preferred senior debt 
obligations of the Issuer as well as ahead of the subordinated obligations of the Issuer.

--- Page 78 ---
Terms and Conditions 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
78 
 
5. 
Interest 
5.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
5.1.1 
Interest: Each Fixed Rate Covered Bond bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from 
(and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) 
of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to 
(and including) the Maturity Date. 
5.1.2 
Fixed Coupon Amount and Broken Amount: Except as provided in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, the amount of interest payable in respect of the Calculation Amount for 
any Interest Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount or the relevant Broken Amount, 
as the case may be, subject as provided in Condition 5.4 (Calculation of interest amount in 
global form). Where the Specified Denomination of a Covered Bond is the Calculation Amount, 
the amount of interest payable in respect of such Covered Bond shall be the relevant Fixed 
Coupon Amount or the relevant Broken Amount, as the case may be, subject as provided in 
Condition 5.4 (Calculation of interest amount in global form). Where the Specified 
Denomination of a Covered Bond comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the amount 
of interest payable in respect of such Covered Bond shall be the aggregate of the Fixed Coupon 
Amounts or the Broken Amounts, as the case may be, for each Calculation Amount comprising 
the Specified Denomination, subject as provided in Condition 5.4 (Calculation of interest 
amount in global form). 
5.1.3 
Calculation of Interest Amount: If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than 
an Interest Period or if no Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount 
shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the 
product thereof by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the 
nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention, subject as provided in 
Condition 5.4 (Calculation of interest amount in global form). Where the Specified 
Denomination of a Covered Bond is the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in 
respect of such Covered Bond shall be the amount (determined in the manner provided above) 
for the Calculation Amount, subject as provided in Condition 5.4 (Calculation of interest 
amount in global form). Where the Specified Denomination of a Covered Bond comprises more 
than one Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Covered Bond 
shall be the aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for each 
Calculation Amount comprising the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding, 
subject as provided in Condition 5.4 (Calculation of interest amount in global form). 
5.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
5.2.1 
Interest: Each Floating Rate Covered Bond bears interest at the Rate(s) of Interest as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement on its outstanding nominal amount from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear for each 
Interest Period on either: 
(i) 
the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement; or 
(ii) 
if no Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, each date, which falls the number of months or other period specified as 
the Specified Period in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement after the

--- Page 79 ---
Terms and Conditions 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
79 
 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after 
the Interest Commencement Date. 
5.2.2 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate(s) 
of Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA 
Rate plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement) the Margin 
(if any). For the purposes of this Condition 5.2.2, “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Period means a 
rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an 
interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent was acting as Calculation Agent (as such 
term is defined in the ISDA Definitions) for that swap transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement; and 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.2.2, “Floating Rate”, “Floating Rate Option”, “Designated 
Maturity” and “Reset Date” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
5.2.3 
Screen Rate Determination:  
(A) 
Screen Rate Determination – Term Rate 
If Screen Rate Determination and Term Rate are both specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to 
be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds for each Interest 
Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one 
entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears 
on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of 
the Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(iii) 
if, in the case of Condition 5.2.3(A)(i) above, such rate does not appear on that 
page or, in the case of Condition 5.2.3(A)(ii) above, fewer than two such rates 
appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, the Issuer or an agent on its behalf appointed at such time will: 
(a) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each the 
Reference Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at 
approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date 
to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in 
an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market 
at that time; and

--- Page 80 ---
Terms and Conditions 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
80 
 
(b) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(iv) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation 
Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the 
Reference Rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major 
banks in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency, selected by 
the Issuer or an agent on its behalf appointed at such time, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (local time in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency) on the first day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the 
Specified Currency to leading European banks for a period equal to the relevant 
Interest Period and in an amount that is representative for a single transaction 
in that market at that time, and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall 
be the sum of the Margin and the rate or, as the case may be, the arithmetic 
mean so determined; provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable 
to determine a rate or, as the case may be, an arithmetic mean in accordance 
with the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Covered Bonds during such Interest Period will be the sum of 
the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last 
determined in relation to the Covered Bonds in respect of the last preceding 
Interest Period. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination –Overnight Rate 
 
Overnight Rate – Non-Index Determination 
If Screen Rate Determination and Overnight Rate are both specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are 
to be determined, and the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement also specifies 
Index Determination as being “Not Applicable”, the Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Covered Bonds for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject to Condition 5.2.9 
(Reference Rate Replacement – Independent Adviser) or Condition 5.2.10 (Reference 
Rate Replacement – ARRC), as applicable, and as provided below, be the Compounded 
Daily Reference Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement) the applicable Margin, where: 
“Compounded Daily Reference Rate” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual 
Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in the Specified 
Currency (with the applicable Reference Rate – being either SONIA or SOFR, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and further described 
below – as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest Determination Date as further specified in 
the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, in accordance with the relevant 
following formula (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, 
to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)): 
Observation Shift 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement: 
[∏
(1 +
𝑟I   × ni
𝐷
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖 = 1
−1] ×
𝐷
𝑑

--- Page 81 ---
Terms and Conditions 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
81 
 
where: 
“D” is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“d” is, for a relevant Observation Period, the number of calendar days in such 
Observation Period; 
“do” is, for a relevant Observation Period, the number of Relevant Business Days in 
such Observation Period; 
“i” is, for a relevant Observation Period, a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing a Relevant Business Day in chronological order from (and including) the 
first Relevant Business Day in such Observation Period; 
“Relevant Business Day” means: 
(a) 
if “SONIA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as 
the applicable Reference Rate, any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London; or 
(b) 
if “SOFR” is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as 
the applicable Reference Rate, a United States Government Securities Business 
Day; 
“ni”, for any Relevant Business Day “i” in a relevant Observation Period, means the 
number of calendar days from (and including) such Relevant Business Day “i” to (but 
excluding) the following Relevant Business Day; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of a relevant Interest Accrual Period, the 
period from (and including) the date falling “p” Relevant Business Days prior to the 
first day of such Interest Accrual Period to (but excluding) the date which is “p” 
Relevant Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual 
Period (or the date falling “p” Relevant Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, 
on which the Covered Bonds become due and payable); 
“p” means, for a relevant Interest Accrual Period, the number of Relevant Business 
Days specified as the Observation Shift Period in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement (or, if no such number is specified, two Relevant Business Days);  
“r” means, in respect of any Relevant Business Day, (if “SONIA” is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as the applicable Reference Rate) the 
applicable SONIA rate in respect of such Relevant Business Day or (if “SOFR” is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as the applicable Reference 
Rate) the applicable SOFR rate in respect of such Relevant Business Day; and 
“ri” means, for any Relevant Business Day, the applicable SONIA rate or SOFR rate 
(as applicable) as set out in the definition of “r” above in respect of the such Relevant 
Business Day.  
Lag 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement:

--- Page 82 ---
Terms and Conditions 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
82 
 
[∏
(1 +
𝑟i −𝑝𝐵𝐷 × ni
𝐷
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖 = 1
−1] ×
𝐷
𝑑 
where: 
“D” is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“d” is, for a relevant Interest Accrual Period, the number of calendar days in such 
Interest Accrual Period;  
“do” is, for a relevant Interest Accrual Period, the number of Relevant Business Days 
in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” is, for a relevant Interest Accrual Period, a series of whole numbers from one to d0, 
each representing a Relevant Business Day in chronological order from (and including) 
the first Relevant Business Day in such Interest Accrual Period; 
“Relevant Business Day” means: 
(a) 
if “SONIA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as 
the applicable Reference Rate, any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London; or 
(b) 
if “SOFR” is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as 
the applicable Reference Rate, a United States Government Securities Business 
Day; 
“ni”, for any Relevant Business Day “i” in a relevant Interest Accrual Period, means 
the number of calendar days from (and including) such Relevant Business Day “i” to 
(but excluding) the following Relevant Business Day; 
“p” means the number of Relevant Business Days included in the Lag Look-Back 
Period specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (or, if no such 
number is specified, two Relevant Business Days);  
“r” means, in respect of any Relevant Business Day, (if “SONIA” is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as the applicable Reference Rate) the 
applicable SONIA rate in respect of such Relevant Business Day or (if “SOFR” is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as the applicable Reference 
Rate) the applicable SOFR rate in respect of such Relevant Business Day; and 
“ri-pBD” means, for any Relevant Business Day “i” in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, the applicable SONIA rate or SOFR rate (as applicable) as set out in the 
definition of “r” above in respect of the Relevant Business Day falling “p” Relevant 
Business Days prior to the applicable Relevant Business Day “i”. 
Lock-out 
where “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement and if “SOFR” is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement as the applicable Reference Rate: 
[∏
(1 +
𝑟I   × ni
𝐷
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖 = 1
−1] ×
𝐷
𝑑

--- Page 83 ---
Terms and Conditions 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
83 
 
where: 
“D” is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“d” is, for a relevant Interest Accrual Period, the number of calendar days in such 
Interest Accrual Period;  
“do” is, for a relevant Interest Accrual Period, the number of Relevant Business Days 
in such Interest Accrual Period;  
“i” is, for a relevant Interest Accrual Period, a series of whole numbers from one to d0, 
each representing a Relevant Business Day in chronological order from (and including) 
the first Relevant Business Day in such Interest Accrual Period; 
“Lock-out Period” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the period from 
(and including) the day following the Interest Determination Date to (but excluding) 
for such Interest Accrual Period (A) the corresponding Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Accrual Period or (B) the date on which the relevant payment of interest falls 
due, if different;  
“ni”, for any Relevant Business Day “i” in a Relevant Interest Accrual Period, means 
the number of calendar days from (and including) such Relevant Business Day “i” (but 
excluding) the following Relevant Business Day; 
“r” means: 
(a) 
in respect of any Relevant Business Day “i” that is a Reference Day, the 
applicable SOFR rate in respect of the Relevant Business Day immediately 
preceding such Reference Day, and 
(b) 
in respect of any Relevant Business Day “i” that is not a Reference Day (being 
a Relevant Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the applicable SOFR rate in 
respect of the Relevant Business Day immediately preceding the last Reference 
Day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period (such last Reference Day 
coinciding with the Interest Determination Date);  
“Reference Day” means each Relevant Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, other than any Relevant Business Day in the Lock-out Period;  
“Relevant Business Day” means a United States Government Securities Business Day; 
and 
“ri” means the applicable SOFR rate as set out in the definition of “r” above for the 
applicable Relevant Business Day “i”. 
 
Overnight Rate – Index Determination 
If Screen Rate Determination and Overnight Rate are both specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are 
to be determined, and the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement also specifies 
Index Determination as being “Applicable”, the Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Covered Bonds for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject to Condition 5.2.9 
(Reference Rate Replacement – Independent Adviser) or Condition 5.2.10 (Reference 
Rate Replacement – ARRC), as applicable, and as provided below, be the relevant

--- Page 84 ---
Terms and Conditions 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
84 
 
Compounded Daily Reference Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement) the applicable Margin. 
If “SONIA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as the 
applicable Reference Rate, the Compounded Daily Reference Rate shall be the 
Compounded Daily SONIA Rate, where:  
“Compounded Daily SONIA Rate” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, 
the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling 
overnight reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) (expressed as 
a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. 
(0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the screen rate or index for compounded daily SONIA rates administered 
by the administrator of the SONIA rate that is published or displayed by such 
administrator or other information service from time to time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, as further specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement (the “SONIA Compounded Index”) and in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Compounded Daily SONIA Rate = (
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡−1) 𝑥 
365
𝑑 
where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to which 
SONIA Compounded IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to 
which SONIA Compounded IndexEnd is determined; 
“Relevant Number” is the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement (or, if no such number is specified, two); 
“SONIA Compounded IndexStart” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, 
the SONIA Compounded Index determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant 
Number of London Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period; 
and 
“SONIA Compounded IndexEnd” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, 
the SONIA Compounded Index determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant 
Number of London Business Days prior to (i) the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Accrual Period, or (ii) such other date on which the relevant payment of interest 
falls due (but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is 
excluded from such Interest Accrual Period). 
If the relevant SONIA Compounded Index is not published or displayed by the 
administrator of the SONIA rate or other information service by 5.00 p.m. (London 
time) (or, if later, by the time falling one hour after the customary or scheduled time 
for publication thereof in accordance with the then-prevailing operational procedures 
of the administrator of the SONIA rate or of such other information service, as the case 
may be) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Compounded Daily SONIA 
Rate for the applicable Interest Accrual Period for which the SONIA Compounded 
Index is not available shall be the “Compounded Daily Reference Rate” determined in 
accordance with Condition 5.2.3(B)(1) above as if “Index Determination” were 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as being ‘Not Applicable’, 
and for these purposes: (i) the “Observation Method” shall be deemed to be

--- Page 85 ---
Terms and Conditions 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
85 
 
“Observation Shift” and (ii) the “Observation Shift Period” shall be deemed to be equal 
to the Relevant Number of London Business Days, as if those alternative elections had 
been made in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
If “SOFR” is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as the 
applicable Reference Rate, the Compounded Daily Reference Rate shall be the 
Compounded Daily SOFR Rate, where:  
“Compounded Daily SOFR Rate” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, 
the rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡−1) 𝑥 
360
𝑑𝑐 
where: 
“dc” is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to which 
SOFR IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to which SOFR 
IndexEnd is determined; 
“Relevant Number” is the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement (or, if no such number is specified, five); 
“SOFR” means the daily secured overnight financing rate as provided by the SOFR 
Administrator on the SOFR Administrator’s Website; 
“SOFR Index”, with respect to any United States Government Securities Business 
Day, means the SOFR index value as published by the SOFR Administrator as such 
index appears on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at or around 3.00 p.m. (New York 
time) on such United States Government Securities Business Day (the “SOFR 
Determination Time”); 
“SOFR IndexStart”, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, is the SOFR Index value 
for the day which is the Relevant Number of United States Government Securities 
Business Days preceding the first day of such Interest Accrual Period; and 
“SOFR IndexEnd”, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, is the SOFR Index value 
for the day which is the Relevant Number of United States Government Securities 
Business Days preceding (A) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual 
Period, or (B) such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but 
which by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from such 
Interest Accrual Period). 
If, as at any relevant SOFR Determination Time, the relevant SOFR Index is not 
published or displayed on the SOFR Administrator’s Website by the SOFR 
Administrator, the Compounded Daily SOFR Rate for the applicable Interest Accrual 
Period for which the relevant SOFR Index is not available shall be the “Compounded 
Daily Reference Rate” determined in accordance with Condition 5.2.3(B)(1) above as 
if “Index Determination” were specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement as being ‘Not Applicable’, and for these purposes: (i) the “Observation 
Method” shall be deemed to be “Observation Shift” and (ii) the “Observation Shift 
Period” shall be deemed to be equal to the Relevant Number of United States

--- Page 86 ---
Terms and Conditions 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
86 
 
Government Securities Business Days, as if such alternative elections had been made 
in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
 
Fallback provisions – SONIA 
For the purposes of Condition 5.2.3(B)(1), where SONIA is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as the applicable Reference Rate, then if, in respect 
of any Relevant Business Day on which an applicable SONIA rate is required to be 
determined, such SONIA rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page (and has 
not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors), then (unless the 
Fiscal Agent has been notified of any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (and any related Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments) 
pursuant to Condition 5.2.9 (Reference Rate Replacement – Independent Adviser), if 
applicable) the SONIA rate in respect of such Relevant Business Day shall be: 
(a) 
the sum of (1) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing 
at 5.00 p.m. (or, if earlier, close of business) on such Relevant Business Day 
and (2) the mean of the spread of the SONIA rate to the Bank Rate over the 
previous five Relevant Business Days on which a SONIA rate has been 
published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest 
spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is 
more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads); or 
(b) 
if the Bank Rate under (a)(1) above is not available at the relevant time, either 
(A) the SONIA rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding 
Relevant Business Day on which the SONIA rate was published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) or (B) if this is more recent, the latest rate determined under (a) 
above, 
and, in each case, “r” shall be construed accordingly under Condition 5.2.3(B)(1). 
 
Fallback provisions – SOFR 
For the purposes of Condition 5.2.3(B)(1), subject to Condition 5.2.9 (Reference Rate 
Replacement – Independent Adviser) or Condition 5.2.10 (Reference Rate Replacement 
– ARRC), as applicable, where SOFR is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement as the applicable Reference Rate then if, in respect of any Relevant 
Business Day, such Reference Rate is not available, then (unless the Fiscal Agent has 
been notified of (as applicable) any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate (and any related Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments (as defined 
below), if applicable)) or any Benchmark Replacement (and any related Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment and/or Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, if 
applicable) as applicable, the SOFR in respect of such Relevant Business Day shall be 
deemed to be the SOFR for the first preceding Relevant Business Day on which the 
SOFR was published on the SOFR Administrator’s Website, and “r” shall be construed 
accordingly under Condition 5.2.3(B)(1). 
 
Further fallbacks – SONIA and SOFR 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with any of 
the foregoing provisions, but without prejudice to Condition 5.2.9 (Reference Rate

--- Page 87 ---
Terms and Conditions 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
87 
 
Replacement – Independent Adviser) or Condition 5.2.10 (Reference Rate Replacement 
– ARRC), as applicable, the Rate of Interest shall be: 
(a) 
that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, 
the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as 
the case may be) relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the 
Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as 
applicable) relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period); or 
(b) 
if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to such Covered Bonds for the first 
scheduled Interest Accrual Period had the Covered Bonds been in issue for a 
period equal in duration to the first scheduled Interest Accrual Period but 
ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (applying the 
Margin and, if applicable, any Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum 
Rate of Interest, applicable to the first scheduled Interest Accrual Period). 
5.2.4 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, then the Rate of Interest 
shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
5.2.5 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amounts: The Calculation Agent 
will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period and will calculate the amount of 
interest (the “Interest Amount”) payable per Covered Bond in respect of the Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds for the relevant Interest Period. The amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount in respect of any Floating Rate Covered Bond for any Interest Period shall be 
calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product 
thereof by the applicable Day Count Fraction for such Interest Period, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-
unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention, 
subject as provided in Condition 5.4 (Calculation of interest amount in global form). In respect 
of any other period for which interest is required to be calculated, the provisions above shall 
apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for which interest is required to 
be calculated. Where the Specified Denomination of a Covered Bond is the Calculation 
Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Covered Bond shall be the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount, subject as provided in 
Condition 5.4 (Calculation of interest amount in global form). Where the Specified 
Denomination of a Covered Bond comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the amount 
of interest payable in respect of such Covered Bond shall be the aggregate of the amounts 
(determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the 
Specified Denomination, without any further rounding, subject as provided in Condition 5.4 
(Calculation of interest amount in global form). 
5.2.6 
Linear Interpolation: Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an 
Interest Period in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation 
by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate 
Determination is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement), 
one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for 
which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the

--- Page 88 ---
Terms and Conditions 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
88 
 
other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for 
which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided 
however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may 
be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by 
reference to such next shorter or (as the case may be) next longer rate as last determined.   
5.2.7 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts: The Calculation Agent will cause the 
Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest 
Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, each of the other Paying Agents, 
the Covered Bondholders and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds are for the time being listed and, in the case of VP Systems Covered Bonds, VP, VPS or 
Euroclear Sweden (as the case may be) and the VP Systems Agent and notice thereof to be 
published in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) as soon as possible after their 
determination. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently 
be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior 
notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment 
will be promptly notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds have been admitted to listing or trading are for the time being listed and to the Covered 
Bondholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
5.2.8 
Certificates to be Final: All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, 
calculations, quotations, notifications and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the 
purposes of the provisions of this Condition 5, by the Calculation Agent or, in the circumstances 
described below, the Issuer, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) 
be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the other Paying Agents, the Registrar, the 
Calculation Agent (if applicable) and all Covered Bondholders and Couponholders and (in the 
absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Covered Bondholders or the Couponholders shall attach 
to the Calculation Agent or, if applicable, the Issuer in connection with the exercise or non-
exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
5.2.9 
Reference Rate Replacement – Independent Adviser: 
If: 
(i) 
Reference Rate Replacement – Independent Adviser is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement as being applicable and Screen Rate Determination is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as the manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined; and 
(ii) 
notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 5.2.3 (Screen Rate Determination), the 
Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred when any Rate of Interest (or 
any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to the Original 
Reference Rate, 
then the following provisions shall apply to the relevant Series of Covered Bonds: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours, as soon as reasonably practicable, to appoint 
and consult with an Independent Adviser with a view to the Issuer determining (without 
any requirement for the consent or approval of the Covered Bondholders) (A) a 
Successor Reference Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate, for the 
purposes of determining the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
applicable to the Covered Bonds and (B) in either case, an Adjustment Spread;

--- Page 89 ---
Terms and Conditions 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
89 
 
(b) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser prior to the relevant IA 
Determination Cut-Off Date, the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) may still determine (A) a Successor Reference Rate or, failing 
which, an Alternative Reference Rate and (B) in either case, an Adjustment Spread in 
accordance with this Condition 5.2.9. Without prejudice to the definitions thereof, for 
the purposes of determining any Successor Reference Rate, Alternative Reference Rate 
and/or any Adjustment Spread, the Issuer will take into account any relevant and 
applicable market precedents as well as any published guidance from relevant 
associations involved in the establishment of market standards and/or protocols in the 
international debt capital markets; 
(c) 
if a Successor Reference Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) is determined in accordance with paragraphs (a) and (b) above, such 
Successor Reference Rate or, failing which, Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
shall be the Reference Rate for all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent 
operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 5.2.9); 
(d) 
if the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if applicable) and 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that an 
Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the relevant Successor Reference Rate 
or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and determines the quantum of, or a 
formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such 
Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the relevant Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable). If the Issuer is unable to determine the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, 
then the relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread; 
(e) 
if the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if applicable) and 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines a Successor 
Reference Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and/or 
an Adjustment Spread in accordance with the above provisions, the Issuer may (without 
any requirement for the consent or approval of the Covered Bondholders) also specify 
changes to these Conditions, the Agency Agreement and/or the Deed of Covenant in 
order to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate or any Adjustment Spread (as applicable), including, but not limited to 
(1) the Applicable Business Centre(s), Business Day, Business Day Convention, Day 
Count Fraction, Interest Determination Date, Reference Banks, Relevant Financial 
Centre, Relevant Screen Page and/or Relevant Time applicable to the Covered Bonds 
and (2) the method for determining the fallback to the Rate of Interest in relation to the 
Covered Bonds if such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) is not available. For the avoidance of doubt, the Fiscal Agent and any other 
agents party to the Agency Agreement shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer, 
effect such consequential amendments to the Agency Agreement and these Conditions 
as may be required in order to give effect to the application of this Condition 5.2.9. No 
consent shall be required from the Covered Bondholders in connection with 
determining or giving effect to the relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate or any Adjustment Spread (as applicable) or such other changes, 
including for the execution of any documents or other steps to be taken by the Fiscal 
Agent (if required or useful); and 
(f) 
the Issuer shall promptly, following the determination of any Successor Reference 
Rate, Alternative Reference Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (as applicable), give notice

--- Page 90 ---
Terms and Conditions 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
90 
 
thereof to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), the Covered 
Bondholders. Such notice shall specify the effective date(s) for such Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), the Adjustment Spread 
(if any) and any consequential changes made to the Agency Agreement, the Deed of 
Covenant and these Conditions (if any). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5.2.9 shall act in good faith and 
(in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Fiscal Agent or 
the Covered Bondholders for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with any 
determination made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 5.2.9. 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under this Condition 5.2.9, the Rate of Interest 
for the next Interest Period shall be determined by reference to the fallback provisions of 
Condition 5.2.3 (Screen Rate Determination) (i) if the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser (if applicable), is unable to or does not determine a Successor Reference 
Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate in accordance with this Condition 5.2.9, and (ii) where 
the Issuer determines a Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate, unless and 
until the Fiscal Agent has been notified of such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable), the Adjustment Spread (if any) and any consequential changes 
made to the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and these Conditions (if any). 
Notifications etc.: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this 
Condition 5.2.9 by the Calculation Agent or, in the circumstances described above, the Issuer, 
will (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Fiscal Agent, the other Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Calculation Agent (if applicable) and 
all Covered Bondholders and Couponholders and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability to 
the Covered Bondholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Calculation Agent or, if 
applicable, the Issuer in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties 
and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
5.2.10 Reference Rate Replacement – ARRC: 
Application: This Condition 5.2.10 is applicable to the Covered Bonds only if “SOFR” is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as the applicable Reference Rate 
and “Reference Rate Replacement – ARRC” is also specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement as applicable. 
If the Issuer determines on or prior to the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to the Original Reference Rate, the Benchmark Replacement will replace 
the Original Reference Rate for all purposes relating to the Covered Bonds in respect of all 
determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates (subject to any 
subsequent application of this 5.2.10 with respect to such Benchmark Replacement). 
Where this Condition 5.2.10 applies, if the Issuer considers it necessary to make Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes, the Issuer may (without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the Covered Bondholders) determine (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) the terms of the relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Fiscal Agent and any other agents party to the Agency 
Agreement shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer, effect such consequential 
amendments to the Agency Agreement and these Conditions as may be required in order to 
give effect to the application of this Condition 5.2.10. No consent shall be required from the 
Covered Bondholders in connection with determining or giving effect to the relevant

--- Page 91 ---
Terms and Conditions 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
91 
 
Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment (if applicable) or any 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, including for the execution of any documents 
or other steps to be taken by the Fiscal Agent (if required or useful). Without prejudice to the 
definitions thereof, for the purposes of determining any Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes, the Issuer will take into account any relevant and applicable market precedents, any 
operational requirements of the Calculation Agent, any published guidance from relevant 
associations involved in the establishment of market standards and/or protocols in the 
international debt capital markets. 
The Issuer shall promptly, following the determination of any relevant Benchmark 
Replacement and Benchmark Replacement Adjustment (if applicable), give notice thereof to 
the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), the Covered Bondholders. 
Such notice shall specify the effective date(s) for such Benchmark Replacement and 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment (if applicable) and any Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes (if any). 
Notifications etc.: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this 
Condition 5.2.10 by the Issuer, will (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) 
be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the other Paying Agents, the Registrar, the 
Calculation Agent (if applicable) and all Covered Bondholders and Couponholders and (in the 
absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Covered Bondholders or the Couponholders shall attach 
to the Calculation Agent or, if applicable, the Issuer in connection with the exercise or non-
exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
5.3 
Accrual of Interest: Each Covered Bond (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a 
Covered Bond, that part only of such Covered Bond) will cease to bear interest (if any) from 
the date of its redemption unless, upon due presentation thereof, payment of principal is 
improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue in accordance 
with these Conditions. 
5.4 
Calculation of interest amount in global form: Notwithstanding Condition 5.1.2 (Fixed Coupon 
Amount and Broken Amount), Condition 5.1.3 (Calculation of Interest Amount) and/or 
Condition 5.2.5 (Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amounts), as 
applicable, for so long as any of the Covered Bonds is represented by a global Covered Bond 
held on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, (i) the amount of interest payable 
in respect of such Covered Bonds for any period shall be calculated by applying the relevant 
Rate of Interest to the Outstanding Principal Amounts of such Covered Bonds, multiplying the 
product by the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-
unit of the relevant Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and (ii) the 
definition of “Interest Amount” set out in Condition 2.1 (Definitions) shall instead be 
construed in relation to such calculation. For this purpose a “sub-unit” means, in the case of 
any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal 
tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent.  
6. 
Payments 
6.1 
Method of Payment: Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by cheque drawn in the 
currency in which payment is due on, or by credit or transfer to an account denominated 
in that currency and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Applicable Financial 
Centre of that currency; and

--- Page 92 ---
Terms and Conditions 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
92 
 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the 
option of the payee, by a cheque denominated in euro. 
All payments in respect of the Covered Bonds are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal 
or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions 
of Condition 8 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the 
“Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice 
to the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto. References to “Specified Currency” will include any successor currency 
under applicable law. 
6.2 
Presentation of Covered Bonds and Coupons: 
6.2.1 
Covered Bonds: Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Covered Bonds will 
(subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in Condition 6.1 (Method of 
Payment) above only against presentation and surrender (or in the case of part payment of any 
sum due only, endorsement) of definitive Bearer Covered Bonds, and payments of interest in 
respect of definitive Bearer Covered Bonds will (subject as provided below) be made as 
aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or in the case of part payment of any sum 
due only, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America 
(including the States and the District of Columbia, its territories, its possessions and other areas 
subject to its jurisdiction)). 
6.2.2 
Coupons for Fixed Rate Covered Bonds: Fixed Rate Covered Bonds in definitive bearer form 
(other than Long Maturity Covered Bonds (as defined below)) should be presented for payment 
together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this 
purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which 
the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in 
full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid 
bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal 
so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative 
missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of ten years after the Relevant Date (as defined 
in Condition 8 (Taxation)) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would 
otherwise have become void under Condition 9 (Prescription)) or, if later, five years from the 
date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Covered Bond in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable 
prior to its Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void 
and no further Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
6.2.3 
Coupons for Floating Rate or Long Maturity Covered Bonds: Upon the date on which any 
Floating Rate Covered Bond or Long Maturity Covered Bond in definitive bearer form becomes 
due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further 
Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A “Long Maturity Covered Bond” is a Fixed Rate 
Covered Bond (other than a Fixed Rate Covered Bond which on issue had a Talon attached) 
whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided 
that such Covered Bond shall cease to be a Long Maturity Covered Bond on the Interest 
Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is 
less than the nominal amount of such Covered Bond.

--- Page 93 ---
Terms and Conditions 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
93 
 
6.2.4 
Payments other than in respect of Matured Coupons: If the due date for redemption of any 
definitive Bearer Covered Bond is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) accrued in 
respect of such definitive Bearer Covered Bond from (and including) the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall be payable only 
against surrender of the relevant definitive Bearer Covered Bond. 
6.2.5 
Bearer Global Covered Bonds: Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Covered 
Bonds represented by any Bearer Global Covered Bond will (subject as provided below) be 
made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Bearer Covered Bonds and 
otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Bearer Global Covered Bond against 
presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Bearer Global Covered Bond at the 
Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment 
made against presentation or surrender of such Bearer Global Covered Bond, distinguishing 
between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made on such Bearer 
Global Covered Bond by such Paying Agent and such record shall be prima facie evidence that 
the payment in question has been made. 
6.2.6 
Entitlement to Payment in respect of Global Covered Bonds: The holder of a global Covered 
Bond shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Covered Bonds 
represented by such global Covered Bond and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or 
to the order of, the holder of such global Covered Bond in respect of each amount so paid. Each 
of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC (as the 
case may be) as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Covered Bonds 
represented by such global Covered Bond must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or DTC (as the case may be) for its share of each payment so made by the Issuer 
to, or to the order of, the holder of such global Covered Bond. All amounts payable to DTC or 
its nominee as registered holder of a Registered Global Covered Bond in respect of Covered 
Bonds denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. Dollars shall be paid by transfer 
by the Registrar to an account in the relevant Specified Currency of the Fiscal Agent on behalf 
of DTC or its nominee for payment in such Specified Currency or conversion into U.S. Dollars 
in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
6.2.7 
Payments in New York City: Notwithstanding Condition 6.2.6 (Entitlement to Payment in 
respect of Global Covered Bonds), if any amount of principal and/or interest in respect of 
Bearer Covered Bonds is payable in U.S. Dollars, such U.S. Dollar payments of principal and/or 
interest in respect of such Bearer Covered Bonds will be made at the Specified Office of a 
Paying Agent in the United States if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with Specified Offices outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment in U.S. Dollars at such Specified Offices outside the United States of the full 
amount of principal and interest on the Covered Bonds in the manner provided above 
when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such Specified Offices 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or 
other similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. 
Dollars; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
6.2.8 
Registered Covered Bonds – Payments: Payments of principal and interest in respect of 
Registered Covered Bonds (whether in definitive or global form) will be made in the manner

--- Page 94 ---
Terms and Conditions 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
94 
 
provided in Condition 6.1 (Method of Payment) to the persons in whose name such Covered 
Bonds are registered at the close of business on: 
(i) 
(in the case of Registered Covered Bonds represented by a global Covered Bond and 
which are not VP Systems Covered Bonds) the Clearing System Business Day prior to 
such due date (the “Record Date”); and  
(ii) 
(in the case of any other Registered Covered Bonds which are not VP Systems Covered 
Bonds) the fifteenth day (whether or not this is a day on which banks are open for 
business in the city where the Registrar is located) prior to such due date (also, a 
“Record Date”) against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of 
any sum due only, endorsement) of such Covered Bonds at the Specified Office of the 
Registrar. 
6.2.9 
Credit or Transfer Payment: If payment in respect of any Registered Covered Bonds is required 
by credit or transfer, application for such payment must be made by the holder to the Registrar 
not later than the relevant Record Date. 
6.2.10 VP Systems Covered Bonds: Payments of principal and interest in respect of VP Systems 
Covered Bonds will be made to the Covered Bondholders shown in the relevant records of VP, 
VPS or Euroclear Sweden (as the case may be) in accordance with and subject to the rules and 
regulations from time to time governing VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden (as the case may be). 
6.3 
Payment Date: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Covered Bond or 
Coupon is not a Payment Business Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until 
the next following Payment Business Day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to any 
further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. 
6.4 
Exchange of Talons: On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon 
comprised in any Coupon sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet 
may be surrendered at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent or any other Paying Agent in 
exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include 
Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in respect of the 
Covered Bond to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 9 
(Prescription). 
7. 
Redemption and Purchase 
7.1 
Scheduled Redemption: Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified 
below, each Covered Bond will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount 
specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in 
these Conditions. 
7.2 
Redemption for Tax Reasons: The Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer 
in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Covered Bond is not a Floating Rate Covered Bond) 
or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Covered Bond is a Floating Rate Covered Bond), on 
giving no less than thirty nor more than sixty days’ notice to the Fiscal Agent (and, in the case 
of VP Systems Covered Bonds, to the VP Systems Agent) and, in accordance with Condition 13 
(Notices), to the Covered Bondholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(i) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Covered Bonds, the Issuer has or 
will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8 
(Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of

--- Page 95 ---
Terms and Conditions 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
95 
 
Denmark or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or any authority or 
agency therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes 
effective on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds; and 
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available 
to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than ninety days prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a 
payment in respect of the Covered Bonds then due. Covered Bonds redeemed pursuant to this 
Condition 7.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 7.5 
(Early Redemption Amounts) below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption. 
7.3 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Call Option): If the Call Option is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, the Issuer shall, having given not less than the 
minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 13 
(Notices) (which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), 
redeem all or some only of the Covered Bonds then outstanding on any Optional Redemption 
Date (Call) and at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) specified in, or determined in the 
manner specified in, the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement together, if appropriate, 
with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call). Any 
such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount 
or not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount in each case as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. In the case of a partial redemption of Covered 
Bonds, the Covered Bonds (or, as the case may be, parts of Registered Covered Bonds) to be 
redeemed (“Redeemed Covered Bonds”) will be (i) selected individually by lot without 
involving any part only of a Bearer Covered Bond, in the case of Redeemed Covered Bonds 
represented by definitive Covered Bonds; (ii) selected in accordance with the rules of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their 
discretion) and/or DTC, as the case may be, in the case of Redeemed Covered Bonds 
represented by a global Covered Bond; and (iii) selected in accordance with the rules of VP, 
VPS or Euroclear Sweden (as the case may be) in the case of VP Systems Covered Bonds, in 
each case not more than thirty days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection 
being hereinafter called the “Selection Date”). In the case of Redeemed Covered Bonds 
represented by definitive Covered Bonds, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed 
Covered Bonds will be published in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) not less than 
fifteen days prior to the date fixed for redemption. The aggregate nominal amount of Redeemed 
Covered Bonds represented by definitive Covered Bonds shall be (so far as may be practicable) 
pro rata to their principal amounts, provided always that the amount redeemed in respect of 
each Covered Bond shall be equal to the minimum denomination thereof or an integral multiple 
thereof, subject always to compliance with all applicable laws and the requirements of any 
listing authority, stock exchange or quotation systems on which the Covered Bonds may be 
listed, traded or quoted. No exchange of the relevant global Covered Bond will be permitted 
during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for 
redemption pursuant to this Condition 7.3 and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer 
to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) at least five days prior 
to the Selection Date.

--- Page 96 ---
Terms and Conditions 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
96 
 
7.4 
Redemption at the Option of the Covered Bondholders (Put Option): If the Put Option is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, upon the holder of any Covered 
Bond giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) not less than the minimum 
nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, in whole (but not in part), 
such Covered Bond on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) and at the Optional Redemption 
Amount (Put) together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional 
Redemption Date (Put). 
If the Covered Bond is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or DTC (as the case may be) to exercise the right to require redemption of this 
Covered Bond, the Covered Bondholder must deliver such Covered Bond at the Specified 
Office of any Paying Agent, in the case of Bearer Covered Bonds, or the Registrar in the case 
of Registered Covered Bonds at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent 
or the Registrar falling within the notice period, accompanied by a duly completed and signed 
notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any Specified Office 
of any Paying Agent or the Registrar (a “Put Option Notice”) and in which the holder must 
specify a bank account (or, if payment is by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be 
made under this Condition 7. 
If the Covered Bond is represented by a global Covered Bond or is a Covered Bond in definitive 
form and held through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, to exercise the right 
to require redemption of this Covered Bond, the Covered Bondholder must, within the notice 
period, give notice to the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar of such exercise in accordance with the 
standard procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC (as the case may 
be) (which may include notice being given on its instruction by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any common depositary for them to the Fiscal Agent by electronic means) in a 
form acceptable to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC (as the case may be), 
from time to time and, if this Covered Bond is represented by a global Covered Bond in bearer 
form, at the same time present or procure the presentation of the relevant global Covered Bond 
to the Fiscal Agent for notation accordingly. 
If the Covered Bond is a VP Systems Covered Bond, to exercise the right to require redemption 
of the VP Systems Covered Bonds, the holder of the VP Systems Covered Bonds, must, within 
the notice period, give notice to the VP Systems Agent of such exercise in accordance with the 
standard procedures of VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden (as the case may be) from time to time. 
Any Put Option Notice given by any Covered Bondholder shall be irrevocable. 
7.5 
Early Redemption Amounts: For the purpose of Condition 7.2 (Redemption for Tax Reasons) 
above, the relevant Series of Covered Bonds will be redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount 
as follows: 
(i) 
at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with accrued interest (if any) 
thereon; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Zero Coupon Covered Bonds, at an amount equal to the sum of (A) the 
Reference Price; and (B) the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) 
being applied to the Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which 
the Covered Bond becomes due and payable; provided that, where such calculation is 
to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the calculation in respect 
of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement for the

--- Page 97 ---
Terms and Conditions 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
97 
 
purposes of this Condition 7.5 or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 
30E/360; or 
(iii) 
on such other calculation basis as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement. 
7.6 
Purchases: The Issuer, or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase beneficially or 
procure others to purchase beneficially for its account Covered Bonds (provided that, in the 
case of definitive Bearer Covered Bonds, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining 
thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Covered 
Bonds purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may be held, reissued, 
resold or surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation. 
7.7 
Cancellation: All Covered Bonds which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together 
with, in the case of definitive Bearer Covered Bonds, all unmatured Coupons attached thereto 
or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). The details of all Covered Bonds so 
cancelled and any Covered Bonds purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 7.6 
(Purchases) (together, in the case of definitive Bearer Covered Bonds, with all unmatured 
Coupons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Fiscal Agent and, in the case of VP 
Systems Covered Bonds, shall be deleted from the records of VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden 
(as the case may be) and cannot be reissued or resold.  
7.8 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Covered Bonds: If the amount payable in respect of any Zero 
Coupon Covered Bond upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Covered Bond pursuant to 
Conditions 7.1 (Scheduled Redemption), 7.2 (Redemption for Tax Reasons), 7.3 (Redemption 
at the Option of the Issuer (Call Option)) or 7.4 (Redemption at the Option of the Covered 
Bondholders (Put Option)) above is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and 
repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Covered Bond shall be the amount calculated as 
provided in Condition 7.5(ii) above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the 
redemption were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Covered Bond have 
been paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of 
such Zero Coupon Covered Bonds has been received by the Fiscal Agent or the 
Registrar and notice to that effect has been given to the Covered Bondholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
8. 
Taxation 
8.1 
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds and Coupons 
by or on behalf of the Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account 
of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by or on behalf of Denmark or any political subdivision or any authority or 
agency thereof or therein having power to tax unless such withholding or deduction is required 
by law. In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order 
that the net amounts received by the holders of the Covered Bonds or Coupons after such 
withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which 
would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Covered Bonds or Coupons, as the case 
may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction, except that no such additional amounts 
shall be payable with respect to any Covered Bond or Coupon: 
(i) 
in respect of any demand made for payment in Denmark; or

--- Page 98 ---
Terms and Conditions 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
98 
 
(ii) 
in respect of any demand made for payment by or on behalf of a holder who is liable 
for such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Covered 
Bond or Coupon by reason of it having some connection with Denmark other than the 
mere holding of such Covered Bond or Coupon; or 
(iii) 
in respect of any demand made for payment more than thirty days after the Relevant 
Date (as defined below) except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been 
entitled to an additional amount on making such demand for payment on or before the 
expiry of such period of thirty days; or 
(iv) 
where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder or any official interpretations thereof. 
As used herein, the “Relevant Date” means the date on which such payment first becomes due, 
except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Fiscal 
Agent or the Registrar or, in the case of VP Systems Covered Bonds, the holders of the VP 
Systems Covered Bonds, as the case may be, on or prior to such due date, it means the date on 
which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly 
given to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
8.2 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other 
than Denmark, references in these Conditions to Denmark shall be construed as references to 
Denmark and/or such other jurisdiction. 
9. 
Prescription 
The Covered Bonds (whether in bearer, registered or uncertificated book entry form) and 
Coupons will become void unless presented for payment within a period of ten years (in the 
case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in 
Condition 8 (Taxation)). 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon 
the claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or 
Condition 6.2 (Presentation of Covered Bonds and Coupons) or any Talon which would be 
void pursuant to Condition 6.2 (Presentation of Covered Bonds and Coupons). 
10. 
Replacement of Covered Bonds, Coupons and Talons 
If any Covered Bond, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may 
be replaced at the Specified Office of the Replacement Agent upon payment by the claimant of 
such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to 
evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Covered 
Bonds, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
11. 
Transfer and Exchange of Registered Covered Bonds 
11.1 
Form of Registered Covered Bonds: 
(i) 
Registered Covered Bonds of each Tranche sold outside the United States in reliance 
on Regulation S under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
“Securities Act”), will initially be represented by a permanent global Covered Bond 
in registered form, without interest coupons (the “Global Reg. S Covered Bond”),

--- Page 99 ---
Terms and Conditions 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
99 
 
deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee of, DTC for 
the accounts of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Covered Bonds in 
definitive form issued in exchange for Global Reg. S Covered Bonds or otherwise sold 
or transferred in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act, together with the 
Global Reg. S Covered Bonds, are referred to herein as “Reg. S Covered Bonds”. 
Beneficial interests in a Global Reg. S Covered Bond may be held only through DTC 
directly, by a participant in DTC, or indirectly, through a participant in DTC, including 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
(ii) 
Registered Covered Bonds of each Tranche sold in private transactions to QIBs within 
the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act will initially be represented by a 
permanent global Covered Bond in registered form, without interest coupons (the 
“Global Restricted Covered Bond” and, together with the Global Reg. S Covered 
Bond, the “Global Registered Covered Bonds”), deposited with a custodian for, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of, DTC. Covered Bonds in definitive form issued 
in exchange for Global Restricted Covered Bonds or otherwise sold or transferred in 
accordance with the requirements of Rule 144A under the Securities Act, together with 
the Global Restricted Covered Bonds, are referred to herein as “Restricted Covered 
Bonds”. 
(iii) 
Registered Covered Bonds in definitive form and Restricted Covered Bonds shall bear 
the legend set forth in the Global Restricted Covered Bond (the “Legend”), such 
Covered Bonds being referred to herein as “Legended Covered Bonds”. Upon the 
transfer, exchange or replacement of Legended Covered Bonds, or upon specific 
request for removal of the Legend, the Registrar shall (save as provided in 
Condition 11.6 (Exchanges and transfers of Registered Covered Bonds)) deliver only 
Legended Covered Bonds or refuse to remove such Legend, as the case may be, unless 
there is delivered to the Issuer and the Registrar such satisfactory evidence as may 
reasonably be required by the Issuer, which may include an opinion of U.S. counsel, 
that neither the Legend nor the restrictions on transfer set forth therein are required to 
ensure compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act. 
Subject as otherwise provided in this Condition 11, Registered Covered Bonds in definitive 
form may be exchanged or transferred in whole or in part in the authorised denominations for 
one or more definitive Registered Covered Bonds of like aggregate nominal amount. 
11.2 
Exchange of interests in Global Registered Covered Bonds for Registered Covered Bonds in 
definitive form: Interests in the Global Reg. S Covered Bond and the Global Restricted Covered 
Bond will be exchangeable for Registered Covered Bonds in definitive form if: 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement; or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as being 
at the option of such holder of Permanent Global Covered Bond, upon such holder’s 
request save that, in relation to Bearer Covered Bonds, this paragraph (ii) shall not 
apply if the Final Terms specify denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more integral multiples of another smaller amount; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specifies “in the limited 
circumstances described in the Permanent Global Covered Bond”, then (a) if Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of fourteen days (other than by reason of legal 
holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or in fact does so or

--- Page 100 ---
Terms and Conditions 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
100 
 
(b) DTC ceases to be a “Clearing Agency” registered under the Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934 or (c) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, as the case may be, 
notifies the Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to continue as depositary for such Global 
Registered Covered Bond. 
The Global Reg. S Covered Bonds and the Global Registered Covered Bond will become 
exchangeable, in whole but not in part and at the option of the Issuer, for Definitive Covered 
Bonds if, by reason of any change in the laws of Denmark, the Issuer will be required to make 
any withholding or deduction from any payment in respect of the Covered Bonds which would 
not be required if the Covered Bonds are in definitive form. 
Upon the occurrence of any of the events described above, the Issuer will cause the appropriate 
Registered Covered Bonds in definitive form to be delivered provided that, notwithstanding the 
above, no Reg. S Covered Bonds in definitive form will be issued until the expiry of the period 
that ends forty days after completion of the distribution of each Tranche of Covered Bonds, as 
certified by the relevant Dealer(s), in the case of a non-syndicated issue, or by the lead manager, 
in the case of a syndicated issue (the “Distribution Compliance Period”). 
11.3 
Transfers of Global Registered Covered Bonds: Transfers of a Global Registered Covered Bond 
shall be limited to transfers of such Global Registered Covered Bond, in whole but not in part, 
to a nominee of DTC or to a successor of DTC or such successor’s nominee. 
11.4 
Transfers of interests in Reg. S Covered Bonds: Prior to expiry of the applicable Distribution 
Compliance Period, transfers by the holder of, or of a beneficial interest in, a Reg. S Covered 
Bond to a transferee in the United States will only be made: 
(i) 
upon receipt by the Registrar of a written certification substantially in the form set out 
in the Agency Agreement, amended as appropriate (a “Transfer Certificate”), copies 
of which are available from the Specified Office of the Registrar, from the transferor 
of the Covered Bond or beneficial interest therein to the effect that such transfer is 
being made to a person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB in a 
transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A; or 
(ii) 
otherwise pursuant to the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, subject to receipt 
by the Issuer of such satisfactory evidence as the Issuer may reasonably require, which 
may include an opinion of U.S. counsel, that such transfer is in compliance with any 
applicable securities law of any state of the United States, 
and, in each case, in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state of the United 
States or any other jurisdiction. 
In the case of Condition 11.4(i), such transferee may take delivery through a Legended Covered 
Bond in global or definitive form. After expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance 
Period: (a) beneficial interests in Reg. S Covered Bonds may be held through DTC directly, by 
a participant in DTC, or indirectly through a participant in DTC and (b) such certification 
requirements will no longer apply to such transfers. 
11.5 
Transfers of interests in Legended Covered Bonds: Transfers of Legended Covered Bonds or 
beneficial interests therein may be made: 
(i) 
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Reg. S Covered Bond, 
upon receipt by the Registrar of a duly completed Transfer Certificate from the 
transferor to the effect that such transfer is being made in accordance with Regulation 
S and that, if such transfer is being made prior to expiry of the applicable Distribution

--- Page 101 ---
Terms and Conditions 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
101 
 
Compliance Period, the interests in the Covered Bonds being transferred will be held 
immediately thereafter through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg; or 
(ii) 
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Legended Covered Bond 
where the transferee is a person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB in a 
transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, without certification; or 
(iii) 
otherwise pursuant to the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, subject to receipt 
by the Issuer of such satisfactory evidence as the Issuer may reasonably require, which 
may include an opinion of U.S. counsel, that such transfer is in compliance with any 
applicable securities laws of any state of the United States, 
and in each case, in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state of the United 
States or any other jurisdiction. 
Covered Bonds transferred to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A or outside the United States pursuant 
to Regulation S will be eligible to be held by such QIBs or non-U.S. investors through DTC 
and the Registrar will arrange for any Covered Bonds which are the subject of such a transfer 
to be represented by the appropriate Registered Global Covered Bond, where applicable. 
11.6 
Exchanges and transfers of Registered Covered Bonds: 
(i) 
Registered Covered Bonds may not be exchanged for Bearer Covered Bonds and vice 
versa. Holders of Registered Covered Bonds in definitive form may exchange such 
Covered Bonds for interests in a Registered Global Covered Bond of the same type at 
any time. 
(ii) 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Covered Bonds will be effected 
by DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, 
by participants and, if appropriate, indirect participants in the relevant clearing systems 
acting on behalf of beneficial transferors and transferees of such interests. A beneficial 
interest in a Registered Global Covered Bond will be transferable and exchangeable 
for Covered Bonds in definitive form or for a beneficial interest in another Registered 
Global Covered Bond only in accordance with the rules and operating procedures for 
the time being of DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be (the “Applicable Procedures”). 
(iii) 
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Agency Agreement, a 
Registered Covered Bond in definitive form may be transferred in whole or in part (in 
the authorised denominations set out in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement) by the holder or holders surrendering the Registered Covered Bond for 
registration of the transfer of the Registered Covered Bond (or the relevant part of the 
Registered Covered Bond) at the Specified Office of the Registrar, with the form of 
transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or holders thereof or his or their attorney 
or attorneys duly authorised in writing and upon the Registrar as the case may be, after 
due and careful enquiry, being satisfied with the documents of title and the identity of 
the person making the request and subject to such reasonable regulations as the Issuer, 
the Fiscal Agent and the Registrar as the case may be prescribe, including any 
restrictions imposed by the Issuer on transfers of Registered Covered Bonds originally 
sold to a U.S. person. Subject as provided above, the Registrar will, within three 
business days (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the 
city where the Specified Office of the Registrar is located) of the request (or such longer 
period as may be required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other laws or 
regulations) authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication and delivery of, at

--- Page 102 ---
Terms and Conditions 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
102 
 
its Specified Office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by mail to 
such address as the transferee may request, a new Registered Covered Bond in 
definitive form of a like aggregate nominal amount to the Registered Covered Bond (or 
the relevant part of the Registered Covered Bond) transferred. In the case of the transfer 
of part only of a Registered Covered Bond in definitive form, a new Registered Covered 
Bond in definitive form in respect of the balance of the Registered Covered Bond not 
transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) sent 
to the transferor. Exchanges or transfers by a holder of a Registered Covered Bond in 
definitive form for an interest in, or to a person who takes delivery of such Covered 
Bond through, a Registered Global Covered Bond will be made no later than sixty days 
after the receipt by the Registrar of the Registered Covered Bond in definitive form to 
be so exchanged or transferred and, if applicable, upon receipt by the Registrar of a 
written certification from the transferor. 
11.7 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption: In the event of a partial redemption of 
Covered Bonds under Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase), the Issuer shall not be required 
to register the transfer of any Registered Covered Bond, or part of a Registered Covered Bond. 
11.8 
Closed Periods: No Covered Bondholder may require the transfer of a Registered Covered 
Bond to be registered during the period of thirty days ending on the due date for any payment 
of principal or interest on that Covered Bond. 
11.9 
Costs of exchange or registration: The costs and expenses of effecting any exchange or 
registration of transfer pursuant to the foregoing provisions (except for the expenses of delivery 
by other than regular mail (if any) and, if the Issuer shall so require, for the payment of a sum 
sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge or insurance charges that may be 
imposed in relation thereto which will be borne by the Covered Bondholder) will be borne by 
the Issuer. 
11.10 Euroclear, Clearstream Rules: Covered Bonds that are represented by a global Covered Bond 
and VP Systems Covered Bonds will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC and/or VP, 
VPS or Euroclear Sweden (as the case may be). References to Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or DTC and/or VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden (as the case may be) shall, 
whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or 
alternative clearing system approved by the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent. 
12. 
Agents 
12.1 
Fiscal Agent, Paying Agents, Registrar and VP Systems Agent: The names of the initial Fiscal 
Agent, Registrar, other Paying Agents and VP Systems Agent and their initial Specified Offices 
are set out in the Agency Agreement or the VP Systems Agreement, as applicable. 
12.2 
Variation of Appointment: The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any 
Paying Agent or the Registrar or any VP Systems Agent or any Calculation Agent and/or 
appoint additional or other Paying Agents or additional or other Registrars, VP Systems Agents 
or Calculation Agents and/or approve any change in the Specified Office through which any 
Paying Agent, Registrar, VP Systems Agent or Calculation Agent acts, provided that: 
(i) 
so long as the Covered Bonds are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing 
by any other relevant authority there will at all times be a Paying Agent (which may be 
the Fiscal Agent), in the case of Bearer Covered Bonds, and the Registrar, in the case 
of Registered Covered Bonds, with a Specified Office in such place as may be required 
by the rules and regulations of such stock exchange or other relevant authority;

--- Page 103 ---
Terms and Conditions 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
103 
 
(ii) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent (which may be the Fiscal Agent) with a 
Specified Office in a city in continental Europe outside Denmark; 
(iii) 
there will at all times be a Fiscal Agent; 
(iv) 
there will at all times be a Registrar with a Specified Office outside the United 
Kingdom; 
(v) 
in the case of VP Systems Covered Bonds, there will at all times be a VP Systems 
Agent authorised to act as an account holding institution with VP, VPS or Euroclear 
Sweden (as the case may be) and one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Terms 
and Conditions of the relevant VP Systems Covered Bonds so require; and 
(vi) 
in the circumstances described in Condition 6.2.7 (Payments in New York City), a 
Paying Agent having a Specified Office in New York City. 
Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case 
of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than thirty nor more than 
forty-five days’ prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Covered Bondholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
12.3 
Agents of the Issuer: In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as 
agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, 
any Covered Bondholders or Couponholders. The Agency Agreement contains provisions 
permitting any entity into which any Paying Agent is merged or converted or with which it is 
consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor 
paying agent.  
13. 
Notices 
13.1 
Bearer Covered Bonds: Notices to Bearer Covered Bondholders will be deemed to be validly 
given if published in a leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in 
Europe, and, if such Covered Bonds are listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin (so long as such Covered Bonds 
are listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and the rules of that exchange so permit), if 
published on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin). 
The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with 
the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Bearer Covered Bonds 
are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading. 
Any notice so given will be deemed to have been validly given, in the case of any Bearer 
Covered Bonds, on the date of first such publication (or, if required to be published in more 
than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have been made in all the 
required newspapers). Couponholders will be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the 
contents of any notice given to Covered Bondholders in accordance with this Condition 13 
(Notices). 
Notwithstanding Condition 13 (Notices), while all the Covered Bonds are represented by one 
or more Global Covered Bonds and such Global Covered Bonds are held in their entirety on 
behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, 
notices to Covered Bondholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system for communication 
by them to the persons shown in their respective records as having interests therein and, in any

--- Page 104 ---
Terms and Conditions 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
104 
 
case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Covered Bondholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
13.2 
Registered Covered Bonds: Notices to Registered Covered Bondholders will be deemed to be 
validly given if sent by first class mail (or equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) by 
air mail to them (or, in the case of joint Covered Bondholders, to the first-named in the register 
kept by the Registrar) at their respective addresses as recorded in the register kept by the 
Registrar, and will be deemed to have been validly given on the fourth weekday after the date 
of such mailing or, if posted from another country, on the fifth such day and, if such Covered 
Bonds are listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin (so long as such Covered Bonds are listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and 
the rules of that exchange so permit), if published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin). 
The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with 
the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Registered Covered 
Bonds are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading. 
Notwithstanding Condition 13 (Notices), while all the Covered Bonds are represented by one 
or more Global Registered Covered Bonds and such Global Registered Covered Bond(s) are 
held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC 
and/or any other relevant clearing system, notices to Covered Bondholders may be given by 
delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC 
and/or any other relevant clearing system for communication by them to the persons shown in 
their respective records as having interests therein and, in any case, such notices shall be 
deemed to have been given to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 13 
(Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC 
and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
13.3 
VP Systems Covered Bonds: Notices to VP Systems Covered Bondholders shall be given (i) in 
accordance with the procedures of VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden, as the case may be, and (ii) 
if such VP Systems Covered Bonds are listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on 
the regulated market of Euronext Dublin (so long as such VP Systems Covered Bonds are listed 
on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and the rules of that exchange so permit), if published 
on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin).   
The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with 
the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the VP Systems Covered 
Bonds are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading. 
Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date it is published in accordance 
with the procedures of VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden, as the case may be. 
14. 
Meetings of Covered Bondholders 
14.1 
Meetings of Covered Bondholders other than VP Systems Covered Bondholders: This 
Condition 14.1 is applicable only in relation to Covered Bonds other than VP System Covered 
Bonds. The Agency Agreement contains provisions (which shall have effect as if incorporated 
herein) for convening meetings (including by way of conference call or by use of a 
videoconference platform) of Covered Bondholders of any Series (other than VP Systems 
Covered Bonds) to consider matters relating to such Series of Covered Bonds, including 
(without limitation) the modification by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency 
Agreement) of any provision of these Conditions and the Deed of Covenant insofar as the same

--- Page 105 ---
Terms and Conditions 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
105 
 
may apply to such Covered Bonds. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such 
meeting of Covered Bondholders of any Series will be binding on all Covered Bondholders of 
such Series, whether present or not at the meeting and on all Couponholders relating to Covered 
Bonds of such Series. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Covered Bondholders who for 
the time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Covered Bondholders will take 
effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained 
in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or 
more Covered Bondholders. 
14.2 
Modification of Covered Bonds other than VP Systems Covered Bonds: This Condition 14.2 is 
applicable only in relation to Covered Bonds other than VP Systems Covered Bonds. The Issuer 
may, with the consent of the Fiscal Agent, amend the Covered Bonds, these Conditions and the 
Deed of Covenant without the consent of the Covered Bondholders or Couponholders to correct 
a manifest error. Subject as aforesaid, no other modification may be made to these Conditions 
or the Deed of Covenant except with the sanction of an Extraordinary Resolution. 
14.3 
Meeting of VP Systems Covered Bondholders: This Condition 14.3 is applicable only in relation 
to VP Systems Covered Bonds. The Agency Agreement contains provisions (which shall have 
effect as if incorporated herein) for convening meetings (including by way of conference call 
or by use of a videoconference platform) of VP Systems Covered Bondholders of any Series to 
consider matters relating to such Series of VP Systems Covered Bonds, including (without 
limitation) the modification by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) 
of any provision of these Conditions insofar as the same may apply to such VP Systems 
Covered Bonds. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting of VP Systems 
Covered Bondholders of any Series will be binding on all VP Systems Covered Bondholders 
of such Series, whether present or not at the meeting. Meetings of VP Systems Covered 
Bondholders shall be held in accordance with the Agency Agreement and in compliance with 
the relevant regulations of VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden, as the case may be.  
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all VP Systems Covered 
Bondholders who for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of VP Systems 
Covered Bondholders will take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a 
resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the same form, 
each signed by or on behalf of one or more VP Systems Covered Bondholders.  
14.4 
Modification of VP Systems Covered Bonds: This Condition 14.4 is applicable only in relation 
to VP Systems Covered Bonds. The Issuer may amend the Covered Bonds and these Conditions 
without the consent of the Covered Bondholders to correct a manifest error. Subject as 
aforesaid, no other modification may be made to these Conditions except as provided below. 
In addition, the Covered Bonds and these Conditions may be modified by a resolution in writing 
signed by or on behalf of all Covered Bondholders or pursuant to a meeting of VP Systems 
Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 14.3 above (Meeting of VP Systems 
Covered Bondholders) above. 
15. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Covered Bondholders 
or Couponholders to create and issue further covered bonds (“Further Covered Bonds”) 
having terms and conditions the same as the Covered Bonds or the same in all respects save for 
the amount, the date of the first payment of interest, if any, thereon and the issue price thereof

--- Page 106 ---
Terms and Conditions 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
106 
 
so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Covered 
Bonds. 
These Further Covered Bonds, even if they are treated for non-tax purposes as part of the same 
Series as the original Covered Bonds, in some cases may be treated as a separate Series for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes. In such a case, the Further Covered Bonds may be considered to 
have been issued with “original issue discount” (“OID”) for U.S. federal income tax purposes, 
even if the original Covered Bonds had no OID, or the Further Covered Bonds may have a 
greater amount of OID than the original Covered Bonds. These differences may affect the 
market value of the original Covered Bonds if the Further Covered Bonds are not otherwise 
distinguishable from the original Covered Bonds. 
16. 
Governing law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
16.1 
Governing Law: The Agency Agreement, the Covered Bonds, the VP Systems Covered Bonds 
and the Coupons and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them 
are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law except that the 
provisions of the Covered Bonds under Condition 4 (Status of the Covered Bonds), 
Condition 16.6 (Acknowledgement of Danish Statutory Cover Pool Powers and Danish 
Statutory Stay Powers), as well as registration of the Covered Bonds in VP are governed by, 
and shall be construed in accordance with, Danish law and regulations. In the case of 
registration of Covered Bonds in VPS or Euroclear Sweden, these shall be governed by 
Norwegian and Swedish laws and regulations, respectively. 
16.2 
Submission to Jurisdiction: The Issuer agrees, for the exclusive benefit of the Paying Agents, 
the Covered Bondholders and the Couponholders that the courts of England are to have 
jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Agency 
Agreement, the Covered Bonds and/or the Coupons and that accordingly, any suit, action or 
proceedings (together referred to as “Proceedings”) arising out of or in connection with the 
Agency Agreement, the Covered Bonds and the Coupons may be brought in such courts. 
16.3 
Waiver of Objection: The Issuer hereby irrevocably waives any objection which it may have 
now or hereafter to the laying of the venue of any such Proceedings in any such court and any 
claim that any such Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum and hereby further 
irrevocably agrees that a judgment in any such Proceedings brought in the courts of England or 
New South Wales (as the case may be) shall be conclusive and binding upon it and may be 
enforced in the courts of any other jurisdiction. 
16.4 
No limitation of Rights: Nothing contained in this Condition shall limit any right to take 
Proceedings against the Issuer in any other court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking 
of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other 
jurisdiction, whether concurrently or not. 
16.5 
Appointment of English Process Agent: The Issuer appoints Danske Bank A/S at its registered 
office for the time being at 75 King William Street, London EC4N 7DT (any correspondence 
to be addressed to the “Legal Department”) as its agent for service of process, and undertakes 
that, in the event of Danske Bank A/S ceasing so to act or ceasing to be registered in England, 
it will appoint another person approved by the Fiscal Agent as its agent for service of process 
in England in respect of any Proceedings.  
Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other manner permitted by law. 
16.6 
Acknowledgement of Danish Statutory Cover Pool Powers and Danish Statutory Stay Powers: 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Covered Bonds or any other

--- Page 107 ---
Terms and Conditions 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
107 
 
agreements, arrangements or understanding between the Issuer and any Covered Bondholder 
(which, for the purposes of this Condition 16.6, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in 
the Covered Bonds), by its acquisition of the Covered Bonds, each Covered Bondholder 
acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by: 
(i) 
the effect of any Danish Statutory Cover Pool Powers exercised by an Administrator;  
(ii) 
the variation of the terms of the Covered Bonds, as deemed necessary by an 
Administrator, to give effect to the exercise of any Danish Statutory Cover Pool 
Powers; and 
(iii) 
the effect of any Danish Statutory Stay Powers exercised by the FS. 
Upon the Issuer being informed and notified by the Administrator or the FS, as the case may 
be, of the actual exercise of any Danish Statutory Cover Pool Powers or Danish Statutory Stay 
Powers (as applicable) with respect to the Covered Bonds, the Issuer shall notify the Covered 
Bondholders without delay in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). Any delay or failure by 
the Issuer to give notice shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the Danish Statutory 
Cover Pool Powers or Danish Statutory Stay Powers (as applicable) nor the effects on the 
Covered Bonds described in this Condition 16.6. 
In respect of this Condition 16.6, reference is also made to the role and powers of the 
administrator as more fully described in the risk factor in this Base Prospectus entitled “Role 
and Powers of the administrator”.  
17. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any Term or Condition of the Covered Bonds under 
the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.

--- Page 108 ---
Final Terms 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
108 
 
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
Pro Forma Final Terms for an issue of Covered Bonds other than Exempt Covered Bonds by 
Danske Bank A/S under the EUR 30,000,000,000 Global Covered Bond Programme. 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market 
for the Covered Bonds is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (“MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered 
Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Details of any negative target 
market to be included if applicable]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Covered Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market 
for the Covered Bonds is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Details of any negative target market to be included if applicable]. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[MiFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible 
counterparties target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval 
process, the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) 
the target market for the Covered Bonds is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, 
each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (“MiFID II”); EITHER [(ii) all channels for 
distribution of the are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised 
sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Covered 
Bonds to retail clients are appropriate – investment advice[,/and] portfolio management[,/ and][non-
advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s (as defined below) suitability 
and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a “distributor”) 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].]] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible 
counterparties target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval 
process, the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) 
the target market for the Covered Bonds is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation

--- Page 109 ---
Final Terms 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
109 
 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (“EUWA”), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; EITHER [(ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered 
Bonds are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure 
execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to retail 
clients are appropriate – investment advice[,/and] portfolio management[,/ and][non-advised sales][and 
pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s (as defined below) suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, 
subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA RETAIL INVESTORS – The 
Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For 
these purposes, a “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined 
in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) 
(the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the European Economic Area has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered 
Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a 
“retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[Amounts payable under the Covered Bonds will be calculated by reference to [EURIBOR / CIBOR / 
CITA / STIBOR / NIBOR / SONIA/ SOFR] which is provided by [legal name of the benchmark 
administrator]. As at the date of these Final Terms, [legal name of the benchmark administrator] 
[appears/does not appear] on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011.

--- Page 110 ---
Final Terms 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
110 
 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [EURIBOR / CIBOR / CITA / STIBOR / NIBOR / SONIA/ SOFR] [does 
not fall within the scope of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “Benchmarks Regulation”) by virtue of 
Article 2 of that regulation/the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply] 
such that [legal name of the benchmark administrator] is not currently required to obtain authorisation 
or registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).]] 
 
FINAL TERMS DATED [●] 
Series No. [●] 
Tranche No. [●] 
DANSKE BANK A/S 
EUR 30,000,000,000 
Global Covered Bond Programme 
Issue of 
[Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Covered Bonds] 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and 
Conditions (the “Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 8 November 2024 [and the 
Prospectus Supplement No. [●] dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base 
Prospectus”) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described herein for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all 
the relevant information. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing at, and copies may be obtained 
from, the website of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) at 
https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin for a period of 12 months following the date of the Base 
Prospectus [(dated 8 November 2024)]. The Final Terms are available for viewing at the website of 
Euronext Dublin at https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of an issue of Covered Bonds 
which is being increased was issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Standard Terms 
and Conditions (the “Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [19 December 2008/11 
November 2009/ 11 November 2010/11 November 2011/22 November 2012/12 December 2013/18 
November 2014/6 November 2015/3 November 2016/7 November 2017/8 November 2018/8 
November 2019/9 November 2020/9 November 2021/9 November 2022/10 November 2023], which 
are incorporated in the Base Prospectus dated [8 November 2024] [and the Prospectus Supplement No. 
[●] dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Current Base Prospectus”) for 
the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document constitutes 
the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation 
and must be read in conjunction with the Current Base Prospectus, including the Conditions which are 
incorporated by reference in the Current Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. 
The Current Base Prospectus is available for viewing at, and copies may be obtained from, the website 
of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) at 
https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin for a period of 12 months following the date of the

--- Page 111 ---
Final Terms 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
111 
 
[Current] Base Prospectus [(dated [8 November 2024])]. The Final Terms are available for viewing at 
the website of Euronext Dublin at https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual 
paragraphs or subparagraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
[When completing any Final Terms, consideration should be given as to whether any 
information required to complete the Final Terms constitutes “significant new factors” and 
consequently triggers the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation.] 
 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[● – [C/D/I]] 
(ii) 
Relevant Issuer Cover Pool: 
[Category C /Category D /Category I (delete as 
applicable)] 
(iii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
(iv) 
Date on which the Covered 
Bonds will be consolidated and 
form a single Series: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Covered Bonds will be 
consolidated and form a single Series with 
[identify earlier Tranche(s)] on [the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Covered 
Bond for interests in the Permanent Global 
Covered Bond, as referred to in paragraph [●] 
below, which is expected to occur on or about 
[date].] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[[●]] 
(i) 
[[Series:] 
[●] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●]]1 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[(plus [amount] accrued interest from [insert 
date] (if applicable)] 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[●] [and integral multiples of [EUR 1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [EUR 
199,000]. [No Definitive Covered Bonds will be 
issued with a denomination above [EUR 
199,000].]] 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. 
 
1 
Only need subsections if issue is an increase.

--- Page 112 ---
Final Terms 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
112 
 
If more than one Specified Denomination, insert 
the highest common factor. Note: There must be 
a common factor in the case of two or more 
Specified Denominations.) 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[●] 
7. 
[(i)] 
Maturity Date: 
[specify date][, subject to adjustment in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Business 
Day 
Convention][(NB: include adjustment wording 
for Floating Rate Covered Bonds)] 
[(ii) 
Extended Maturity Date:] 
(If tapping an issuance from prior to 8 July 2022 
where an Extended Maturity Date is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms in respect of the 
relevant Series, also specify the Extended 
Maturity Date and complete any applicable 
sections regarding interest etc. accordingly) The 
Extended Maturity Date is [specify date][, subject 
to adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day 
Convention][(NB: 
include 
adjustment 
wording for Floating Rate Covered Bonds)]  
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[SONIA/ SOFR][⚫] month [EURIBOR / 
CIBOR / CITA / STIBOR / NIBOR] Floating 
Rate specified in paragraph 13 (vii) [plus/minus] 
the relevant Margin specified in paragraph 13 
(x)] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below at paragraph 
[12] [13] [14]) 
9. 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption and subject as provided in the 
Conditions, the Covered Bonds will be redeemed 
on the Maturity Date at [100.00/[●]] per cent. of 
their nominal amount.  
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Not Applicable/cross refer to paragraph 8 
above or paragraphs 12 and 13 below] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Call Option/Put Option/Not Applicable] 
[(see paragraphs 15 and 16 below)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE

--- Page 113 ---
Final Terms 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
113 
 
12. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bond Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable [annually/semi-
annually/ quarterly/monthly] in arrear 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)] for 
Covered Bonds in definitive 
form: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s) for Covered 
Bonds in definitive form: 
[Not Applicable]/[[●] per Calculation Amount 
payable on [●]] (Insert particulars of any initial 
or final broken interest amounts which do not 
correspond with the Fixed Coupon Amount[s])  
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual ([ICMA]/[ISDA])] 
13. 
Floating 
Rate 
Covered 
Bond 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
(Specified Period and Interest Payment Dates 
are alternatives. A Specified Period, rather than 
Interest Payment Dates, will only be relevant if 
the Business Day Convention is the FRN 
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention. Otherwise, insert “Not 
Applicable”) 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
(Specified Period and Interest Payment Dates 
are alternatives. If the Business Day Convention 
is 
the 
FRN 
Convention, 
Floating 
Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention, insert 
“Not Applicable”) 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention] 
(iv) 
Applicable Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/insert Applicable Business 
Centres]

--- Page 114 ---
Final Terms 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
114 
 
(v) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
(vi) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s): 
[●] 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Term Rate:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
− 
Overnight Rate:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph. If using Screen 
Rate Determination, either Term Rate or 
Overnight Rate has to be Applicable) 
• 
Index 
Determination:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If ‘Index Determination’ is ‘Applicable’, insert 
number of days (expected to be five or greater) as 
the Relevant Number, and the other bullets under 
this paragraph should be specified as ‘Not 
Applicable’.) 
 
(If ‘Index Determination’ is ‘Not Applicable’, 
delete ‘Relevant Number’ and complete the other 
bullets under this paragraph.) 
• 
Relevant 
Number:  
[[2 / [ ]] [[London Business Days]/[United States 
Government Securities Business Days]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
• 
Observation 
Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation 
Shift/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(N.B. Lock-out is only applicable where the 
Reference Rate is SOFR) 
• 
Lag Look-back 
Period: 
[2/[ ] Relevant Business Days][Not Applicable] 
• 
Observation 
Shift Period: 
[2/[ ] Relevant Business Days][Not Applicable] 
• 
D: 
[365/360/[ ]] days

--- Page 115 ---
Final Terms 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
115 
 
− 
Reference Rate: 
[SONIA / SOFR / EURIBOR / CIBOR / CITA / 
STIBOR / NIBOR]  
− 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] 
− 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
− 
Relevant Time: 
[●] in the Relevant Financial Centre 
− 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[London/Brussels/Stockholm/Oslo/Copenhagen] 
− 
Reference Banks: 
[●] 
− 
Reference 
Rate 
Replacement 
– 
Independent Adviser: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. will not be applicable if Reference Rate 
Replacement – ARRC is specified to be 
applicable below) 
− 
Reference 
Rate 
Replacement – ARRC:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. only applicable where the Reference Rate 
is SOFR)  
• 
ISDA 
Definitions:  
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions]/[2021 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
(N.B. To be specified if “Reference Rate 
Replacement 
– 
ARRC” 
is 
specified 
as 
“Applicable”) 
(viii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions]/[2021 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
− 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
− 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
− 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
(ix) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period 
shall be calculated using linear interpolation in 
accordance with Condition 5.2.6 (specify for 
each short or long interest period)]

--- Page 116 ---
Final Terms 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
116 
 
(x) 
Margin(s): 
[Plus/Minus][●] per cent. per annum 
(xi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable/[●] per cent. per annum] 
(xii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable/[●] per cent. per annum] 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[●] 
14. 
Zero 
Coupon 
Covered 
Bond 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
15. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Call): 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
(Call) of each Covered Bond: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
(iv) 
Notice periods: 
[Minimum period: [5] days 
Maximum period: [30] days] 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system 
business days’ notice for a call) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Fiscal Agent)

--- Page 117 ---
Final Terms 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
117 
 
16. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Put): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
(Put): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
Notice periods: 
[Minimum period: [5] days 
Maximum period: [30] days] 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system 
business days’ notice for a put) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Fiscal Agent) 
17. 
Final Redemption Amount 
[Outstanding 
Principal 
Amount/[●] 
per 
Calculation Amount] 
18. 
Early Redemption Amount [(Tax)] or 
Early Termination Amount 
 
Early Redemption Amount [(Tax)] or 
Early Termination Amount or other 
early redemption: 
[As set out in the Conditions] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS 
19. 
Form of Covered Bonds: 
[Bearer Covered Bonds] [Initially represented by 
a 
[Temporary/Permanent] 
Global 
Covered 
Bond.] [Specify. If nothing is specified and these 
Final Terms do not specify that TEFRA C Rules 
apply, the Covered Bonds will be represented 
initially by a Temporary Global Covered Bond. 
If these Final Terms specify that TEFRA C Rules 
apply, the Covered Bonds will be represented by 
a Permanent Global Covered Bond] 
 
[Temporary Global Covered Bond exchangeable 
for a Permanent Global Covered Bond which is 
exchangeable for Definitive Covered Bonds on 
[●] days’ notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances described in the Permanent Global 
Covered Bond.]

--- Page 118 ---
Final Terms 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
118 
 
 
[Temporary Global Covered Bond exchangeable 
for Definitive Covered Bonds on [●] days’ 
notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances 
described in the Temporary Global Covered 
Bond.] 
 
[Permanent Global Covered Bonds exchangeable 
for Definitive Covered Bonds on [●] days’ 
notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances 
described in the Permanent Global Covered 
Bond.] 
 
[Global Registered Covered Bond [registered in 
the name of a nominee for a common depositary 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a 
common 
safe-keeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg] exchangeable for 
Registered Covered Bonds on [●] days’ notice/at 
any time/in the limited circumstances described 
in the Global Registered Covered Bond.] 
(N.B. In the case of Bearer Covered Bonds, the 
exchange upon notice/at any time options as 
specified above and in the Conditions should not 
be expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Covered Bonds in 
paragraph 5 includes language substantially to 
the following effect: “[[EUR 100,000] and 
integral multiples of [EUR 1,000] in excess 
thereof and up to and including [EUR 
199,000]].”) 
 
[VP 
Systems 
Covered 
Bonds 
issued 
in 
uncertificated and dematerialised book entry 
form. See further item [5] of Part B below.] 
20. 
If issued as Registered Covered Bonds, 
Registrar: 
[Not Applicable/Name and Specified Office] 
21. 
New Global Covered Bond Form/New 
Safe-keeping Structure: 
[New Global Covered Bond Form/New Safe-
keeping Structure/Not Applicable] 
22. 
Applicable Financial Centre(s): 
[Give details. See definition of Payment Business 
Day in the Conditions. Note that this item relates 
to the date and place of payment, and not to 
Interest Payment Dates] 
23. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Covered Bonds (and dates 
on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. If yes, give details]

--- Page 119 ---
Final Terms 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
119 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By:  .......................................................... 
By:  .........................................................  
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised 
[CC: Citibank, N.A., London Branch, as Fiscal Agent[ and as Principal Registrar]][Not applicable for 
VP Systems Covered Bonds]

--- Page 120 ---
Final Terms 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
120 
 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[The Official List of Euronext Dublin/ Nasdaq 
Copenhagen A/S/ Oslo Børs/ Nasdaq Stockholm 
AB] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Covered 
Bonds to be admitted to trading on [Euronext 
Dublin’s/ Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S’s/ Oslo 
Børs’s/ Nasdaq Stockholm AB’s] regulated 
market with effect on or about [●]] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original securities are already 
admitted to trading) 
(iii) 
Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
relating to admission to trading: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
2. 
Ratings 
 
Ratings: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Covered Bonds to be 
issued [[have been]/[are expected to be]] rated 
[insert details] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies)]. 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the ratings provider.] 
[There is no guarantee that [any of] the above 
rating[s] will be maintained following the date of 
these Final Terms. Up-to-date information 
should always be sought by direct reference to 
the relevant rating agency.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Covered Bonds of the type being 
issued under the Programme generally or, where 
the issue has been specifically rated, that 
rating.)] 
Each of [relevant rating agency] is established in 
the European Union and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended). 
3. 
[Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the [Issue/Offer] 
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to 
the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied 
by the inclusion of the following statement:

--- Page 121 ---
Final Terms 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
121 
 
Save as discussed in the “Subscription and Sale” and “General Information” sections of the 
[Current] Base Prospectus, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of 
the Covered Bonds has an interest material to the offer.] 
[4.] 
[Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only – Yield 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
As set out above, the yield is calculated at the 
Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price. It is not 
an indication of future yield.] 
[5.] 
Operational Information 
 
[ISIN 
Code/CUSIP/Securities 
Identification Number]: 
[●] 
Common Code: 
[●] 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
New Global Covered Bond/Global 
Registered Covered Bond intended to be 
held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Yes. Note that the designation “Yes” simply 
means that the Covered Bonds are intended upon 
issue to be deposited with one of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. 
[(together, the “ICSDs”)] as common safe-
keeper [(and registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of the ICSDs acting as common safe-
keeper,][include this text for Registered Covered 
Bonds] and does not necessarily mean that the 
Covered Bonds will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
European Central Bank being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]

--- Page 122 ---
Final Terms 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
122 
 
[Yes. Note that the designation “Yes” does not 
necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or 
all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the European Central Bank being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] (Include for issues of relevant VP 
Systems Covered Bonds only) 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “No” 
at the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Covered Bonds are capable 
of meeting them, the Covered Bonds may then be 
deposited with one of Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. [(together, the 
“ICSDs”)] as common safe-keeper [(and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safe-keeper,][include 
this text for Registered Covered Bonds]. Note 
that this does not necessarily mean that the 
Covered Bonds will then be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the European 
Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]  
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Clearstream 
Banking S.A. or The Depositary Trust 
Corporation 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not 
Applicable/VP/VPS/Euroclear 
Sweden/give name(s)][The Issuer shall be 
entitled to obtain certain information from the 
register maintained by [VP]/[VPS]/[Euroclear 
Sweden] for the purpose of performing its 
obligations under the issue of VP Systems 
Covered Bonds] (delete as applicable) 
Settlement Procedures: 
[Specify whether customary covered bond/other 
settlement and payment procedures apply] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
[6.] 
Distribution 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names]

--- Page 123 ---
Final Terms 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
123 
 
(iii) 
Date 
of 
Subscription 
Agreement: 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
(iv) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) 
(if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(vi) 
TEFRA Rules: 
[As 
set 
out 
in 
the 
[Current] 
Base 
Prospectus/TEFRA 
C 
Rules 
apply/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(Specify whether the automatic position in the 
Base Prospectus applies (ie. TEFRA D Rules 
apply) or TEFRA C Rules apply or whether 
TEFRA Rules are not applicable.) 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to European 
Economic 
Area 
Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products, “Not Applicable” should 
be specified. If the Covered Bonds may constitute 
“packaged” products, “Applicable” should be 
specified.) 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to United 
Kingdom Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products, “Not Applicable” should 
be specified. If the Covered Bonds may constitute 
“packaged” products, “Applicable” should be 
specified.) 
[7.] 
Third Party Information 
[[●] has been extracted from [●]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
published by [●], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading.] [delete if not applicable] 
[8.] 
Reasons for the offer 
 
 
Use of Proceeds: 
[General Business Purposes] [Green Covered 
Bonds] [⚫] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in the 
[Current] Base Prospectus – if reasons for the 
offer are different from general business 
purposes and/or Green Covered Bonds will need 
to include those reasons here.)

--- Page 124 ---
Final Terms 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
124 
 
[9.] 
Estimated Net Amount of Proceeds  
 
Estimated Net Amount of Proceeds:  
[⚫]

--- Page 125 ---
Pricing Supplement 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
125 
 
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement for an issue of Exempt Covered Bonds by Danske Bank A/S 
under the EUR 30,000,000,000 Global Covered Bond Programme.  
The Pricing Supplement in respect of each Tranche or, as the case may be, Series of Exempt 
Covered Bonds will be substantially in the following form, duly completed to reflect the particular terms 
of the relevant Covered Bonds and their issue. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form 
part of the form of the Pricing Supplement but denotes directions for completing the Pricing 
Supplement. 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market 
for the Covered Bonds is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (“MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered 
Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Details of any negative target 
market to be included if applicable]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Covered Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market 
for the Covered Bonds is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Details of any negative target market to be included if applicable]. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[MiFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible 
counterparties target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval 
process, the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: 
(i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail 
clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (“MiFID II”); EITHER [(ii) all channels 
for distribution of the are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised 
sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Covered 
Bonds to retail clients are appropriate – investment advice[,/and] portfolio management[,/ and][non-
advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s (as defined below) suitability 
and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a “distributor”) 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and

--- Page 126 ---
Pricing Supplement 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
126 
 
determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].]] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible 
counterparties target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval 
process, the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: 
(i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; EITHER [(ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, 
non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution 
of the Covered Bonds to retail clients are appropriate – investment advice[,/and] portfolio 
management[,/ and][non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s (as 
defined below) suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any 
negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered 
Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA RETAIL INVESTORS – The 
Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For 
these purposes, a “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined 
in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) 
(the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the European Economic Area has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered 
Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a 
“retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and

--- Page 127 ---
Pricing Supplement 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
127 
 
therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
 
PRICING SUPPLEMENT DATED [●] 
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROSPECTUS 
REGULATION (AS DEFINED BELOW) FOR THIS ISSUE OF COVERED BONDS. 
Series No. [●] 
[Tranche No. [●]] 
DANSKE BANK A/S 
EUR 30,000,000,000 
Global Covered Bond Programme 
Issue of 
[Aggregate Nominal Amount of [Tranche/Series]] [Title of Covered Bonds] 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds (the “Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 8 November 
2024 [and the Prospectus Supplement No. [●] dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”). Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Covered Bonds 
is only available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus. 
The Base Prospectus is available for viewing at, and copies may be obtained from, the website of the 
Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin at https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin 
for a period of 12 months following the date of the Base Prospectus [(dated 8 November 2024)]. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of an issue of Covered Bonds 
which is being increased was issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds (the “Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [original 
date], which are incorporated in the Base Prospectus dated [8 November 2024] [and the Prospectus 
Supplement No. [●] dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Current Base 
Prospectus”). Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Covered Bonds is only available on 
the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus. The Current Base 
Prospectus is available for viewing at, and copies may be obtained from, the website of the Irish Stock 
Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin at https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin for a period 
of 12 months following the date of the [Current] Base Prospectus [(dated 8 November 2024)].] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual 
paragraphs or subparagraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[● [C/D/I]]

--- Page 128 ---
Pricing Supplement 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
128 
 
(ii) 
Relevant Issuer Cover Pool: 
[Category C /Category D /Category I  (delete as 
applicable)] 
(iii) 
Tranche Number: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Date on which the Covered 
Bonds will be consolidated and 
form a single Series: 
[Not Applicable] /[The Covered Bonds will be 
consolidated and form a single series with 
[identify earlier Tranche(s)] on [the Issue Date]] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[[●]] 
(i) 
[[Series:] 
[●] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●]] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus [amount] accrued interest from [insert date] 
(if applicable)] 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[●] 
7. 
[(i)] 
Maturity Date: 
[specify date][, subject to adjustment in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Business 
Day 
Convention][(NB: include adjustment wording 
for Floating Rate Covered Bonds)] 
[(ii) 
Extended Maturity Date:] 
(If tapping an issuance from prior to 8 July 2022 
where an Extended Maturity Date is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms in respect of the 
relevant Series, also specify the Extended 
Maturity Date and complete any applicable 
sections regarding interest etc. accordingly) The 
Extended Maturity Date is [specify date][, subject 
to adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day 
Convention][(NB: 
include 
adjustment 
wording for Floating Rate Covered Bonds)]  
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[SONIA/ SOFR][⚫] month [ EURIBOR / 
CIBOR / CITA / STIBOR / NIBOR] / [⚫] 
Floating Rate specified in paragraph 13 (vii)

--- Page 129 ---
Pricing Supplement 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
129 
 
[plus/minus] the relevant Margin specified in 
paragraph 13 (x)] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below) 
9. 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption and subject as provided in the 
Conditions, the Covered Bonds will be redeemed 
on the Maturity Date at 100.00 per cent. of their 
nominal amount.  
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Not Applicable/or specify details of any 
provision for convertibility of Covered Bonds 
into another interest basis or cross refer to 
paragraph 8 above or paragraphs 12 and 13 
below if details are included there] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Call Option/Put Option/Not Applicable] 
[(see paragraphs 15 and 16 below)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
12. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bond Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/ quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)] for 
Covered Bonds in definitive 
form: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s) for Covered 
Bonds in definitive form: 
[Not Applicable]/[[●] per Calculation Amount 
payable on [●]] (Insert particulars of any initial 
or final broken interest amounts which do not 
correspond with the Fixed Coupon Amount[s])  
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual ([ICMA]/[ISDA])] 
13. 
Floating 
Rate 
Covered 
Bond 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
[●] 
(Specified Period and Interest Payment Dates are 
alternatives. A Specified Period, rather than

--- Page 130 ---
Pricing Supplement 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
130 
 
Interest Payment Dates, will only be relevant if 
the Business Day Convention is the FRN 
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention. Otherwise, insert “Not 
Applicable”) 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] 
(Specified Period and Interest Payment Dates are 
alternatives. If the Business Day Convention is 
the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention 
or 
Eurodollar 
Convention, 
insert 
“Not 
Applicable”) 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention] 
(iv) 
Applicable Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/insert Applicable Business 
Centres] 
(v) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
(vi) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s): 
[●] 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Term Rate:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
− 
Overnight Rate:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph. If using Screen 
Rate Determination, either Term Rate or 
Overnight Rate has to be Applicable) 
• 
Index 
Determination:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If ‘Index Determination’ is ‘Applicable’, insert 
number of days (expected to be five or greater) as 
the Relevant Number, and the other bullets under 
this paragraph should be specified as ‘Not 
Applicable’.)

--- Page 131 ---
Pricing Supplement 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
131 
 
 
(If ‘Index Determination’ is ‘Not Applicable’, 
delete ‘Relevant Number’ and complete the other 
bullets under this paragraph.) 
• 
Relevant 
Number:  
[[2 / [ ]] [[London Business Days]/[United States 
Government Securities Business Days]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
• 
Observation 
Method:  
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation 
Shift/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(N.B. Lock-out is only applicable where the 
Reference Rate is SOFR) 
• 
Lag Look-back 
Period:  
[2/[ ] Relevant Business Days][Not Applicable] 
• 
Observation 
Shift Period:  
[2/[ ] Relevant Business Days][Not Applicable] 
• 
D:  
[365/360/[ ]] days 
− 
Reference Rate: 
[●] 
− 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] 
− 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
− 
Relevant Time: 
[●] in the Relevant Financial Centre 
− 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[●] 
− 
Reference Banks 
[●] 
− 
Reference 
Rate 
Replacement 
– 
Independent Adviser: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. will not be applicable if Reference Rate 
Replacement – ARRC is specified to be 
applicable below) 
− 
Reference 
Rate 
Replacement – ARRC:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. only applicable where the Reference Rate 
is SOFR) 
• 
ISDA 
Definitions:  
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions]/[2021 
ISDA 
Definitions]

--- Page 132 ---
Pricing Supplement 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
132 
 
 
(N.B. To be specified if “Reference Rate 
Replacement 
– 
ARRC” 
is 
specified 
as 
“Applicable”) 
(viii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions]/[2021 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
− 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
− 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
− 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
(ix) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period 
shall be calculated using linear interpolation in 
accordance with Condition 5.2.6 (specify for each 
short or long interest period)] 
(x) 
Margin(s): 
[Plus/Minus][●] per cent. per annum 
(xi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable/[●] per cent. per annum] 
(xii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable/[●] per cent. per annum] 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[●] 
14. 
Zero 
Coupon 
Covered 
Bond 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
15. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Call): 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
(Call) of each Covered Bond 
[●] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 133 ---
Pricing Supplement 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
133 
 
and 
method, 
if 
any, 
of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
(iv) 
Notice periods: 
[Minimum period: [5] days 
Maximum period: [30] days] 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system 
business days’ notice for a call) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Fiscal Agent) 
16. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Put): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
(Put): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
Notice periods: 
[Minimum period: [5] days 
Maximum period: [30] days] 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system 
business days’ notice for a put) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Fiscal Agent) 
17. 
Final Redemption Amount 
[Outstanding 
Principal 
Amount/[●] 
per 
Calculation Amount]

--- Page 134 ---
Pricing Supplement 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
134 
 
18. 
Early Redemption Amount [(Tax)] or 
Early Termination Amount 
 
Early Redemption Amount [(Tax)] or 
Early Termination Amount or other 
early redemption: 
[As set out in the Conditions] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS 
19. 
Form of Covered Bonds: 
[Bearer Covered Bonds] [Initially represented by 
a 
[Temporary/Permanent] 
Global 
Covered 
Bond.] [Specify. If nothing is specified and these 
Final Terms do not specify that TEFRA C Rules 
apply, the Covered Bonds will be represented 
initially by a Temporary Global Covered Bond. 
If these Final Terms specify that TEFRA C Rules 
apply, the Covered Bonds will be represented by 
a Permanent Global Covered Bond] 
 
[Temporary Global Covered Bond exchangeable 
for a Permanent Global Covered Bond which is 
exchangeable for Definitive Covered Bonds on 
[●] days’ notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances described in the Permanent Global 
Covered Bond.] 
 
[Temporary Global Covered Bond exchangeable 
for Definitive Covered Bonds on [●] days’ 
notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances 
described in the Temporary Global Covered 
Bond.] 
 
[Permanent Global Covered Bonds exchangeable 
for Definitive Covered Bonds on [●] days’ 
notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances 
described in the Permanent Global Covered 
Bond.] 
 
[Global Registered Covered Bond [registered in 
the name of a nominee for a common depositary 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a 
common 
safe-keeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg] exchangeable for 
Registered Covered Bonds on [●] days’ notice/at 
any time/in the limited circumstances described 
in the Global Registered Covered Bond.] 
(N.B. In the case of Bearer Covered Bonds, the 
exchange upon notice/at any time options as 
specified above and in the Conditions should not 
be expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Covered Bonds in 
paragraph 5 includes language substantially to

--- Page 135 ---
Pricing Supplement 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
135 
 
the following effect: “[[EUR 100,000] and 
integral multiples of [EUR 1,000] in excess 
thereof and up to and including [EUR 
199,000]].”) 
 
[VP 
Systems 
Covered 
Bonds 
issued 
in 
uncertificated and dematerialised book entry 
form. See further item [2] of Part B below.] 
20. 
If issued as Registered Covered Bonds, 
Registrar: 
[Name and Specified Office] 
21. 
[New Global Covered Bond Form/New 
Safe-keeping Structure]:  
[New Global Covered Bond Form/New Safe-
keeping Structure/Not Applicable] [Will likely be 
not applicable for all Exempt Covered Bonds.] 
22. 
Applicable Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to Payment 
Business Day: 
[Give details. See definition of Payment Business 
Day in the Conditions. Note that this item relates 
to the date and place of payment, and not to 
Interest Payment Dates] 
23. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Covered Bonds (and dates 
on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. If yes, give details]  
24. 
Other final terms: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By:  .......................................................... 
By:  ......................................................  
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised 
[CC: Citibank, N.A., London Branch, as Fiscal Agent[ and as Principal Registrar]][Not applicable for 
VP Systems Covered Bonds]

--- Page 136 ---
Pricing Supplement 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
136 
 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Specify/Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Covered 
Bonds to be admitted to trading on [specify] with 
effect from [●]/Not Applicable.] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue, need to 
indicate that original securities are already 
admitted to trading.) 
(iii) 
Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
relating to admission to trading: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
2. 
Ratings 
 
Ratings: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Covered Bonds to be 
issued [[have been]/[are expected to be]] rated 
[insert details] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies)].   
[There is no guarantee that [any of] the above 
rating[s] will be maintained following the date of 
this Pricing Supplement. Up-to-date information 
should always be sought by direct reference to the 
relevant rating agency.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Covered Bonds of the type being 
issued under the Programme generally or, where 
the issue has been specifically rated, that 
rating.)] 
 
Each of [relevant rating agency] is established in 
the European Union and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended). 
[3.] 
Operational Information: 
 
[ISIN 
Code/Securities 
Identification 
Number]: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
Common Code: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available]

--- Page 137 ---
Pricing Supplement 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
137 
 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Not Applicable]1 
[Yes. Note that the designation “Yes” simply 
means that the Covered Bonds are intended upon 
issue to be deposited with one of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. 
[(together, the “ICSDs”)] as common safe-
keeper [(and registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of the ICSDs acting as common safe-
keeper,][include this text for Registered Covered 
Bonds] and does not necessarily mean that the 
Covered Bonds will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
European Central Bank being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
[Yes. Note that the designation “Yes” does not 
necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or 
all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the European Central Bank being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] (Include for issues of relevant VP 
Systems Covered Bonds only) 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “No” 
at the date of this Pricing Supplement, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Covered Bonds are capable 
of meeting them the Covered Bonds may then be 
deposited with one of Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. [(together, the 
“ICSDs”)] as common safe-keeper [(and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safe-keeper,][include 
this text for Registered Covered Bonds]. Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Covered 
Bonds will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
 
1  
Section will likely not be applicable for most Exempt Covered Bonds.

--- Page 138 ---
Pricing Supplement 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
138 
 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the European Central Bank being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]  
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking S.A. or the Depositary Trust 
Corporation 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not 
Applicable/VP/ 
VPS/Euroclear 
Sweden/give name(s)][The Issuer shall be 
entitled to obtain certain information from the 
register maintained by [VP]/[VPS]/[Euroclear 
Sweden] for the purpose of performing its 
obligations under the issue of VP Systems 
Covered Bonds] (delete as appropriate)   
Settlement Procedures: 
[Specify whether customary covered bond/other 
settlement and payment procedures apply] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
[4.] 
Distribution 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Date 
of 
Subscription 
Agreement: 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
(iv) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) 
(if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(vi) 
TEFRA Rules: 
[As 
set 
out 
in 
the 
[Current] 
Base 
Prospectus/TEFRA 
C 
Rules 
apply/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(Specify whether the automatic position in the 
Base Prospectus applies (ie. TEFRA D Rules 
apply) or TEFRA C Rules apply or whether 
TEFRA Rules are not applicable.) 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to European 
Economic Area Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products, “Not Applicable” should 
be specified. If the offer of the Covered Bonds 
may 
constitute 
“packaged” 
products, 
“Applicable” should be specified.)

--- Page 139 ---
Pricing Supplement 
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
139 
 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to United 
Kingdom Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products, “Not Applicable” should 
be specified. If the offer of the Covered Bonds 
may 
constitute 
“packaged” 
products, 
“Applicable” should be specified.) 
 
 
[5.] 
Third Party Information  
 
[[●] has been extracted from [●]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
published by [●], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading.] 
[6.] 
Reasons for the offer 
 
Use of Proceeds: 
[General Business Purposes] [Green Covered 
Bonds] [⚫] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in the [Current] 
Base Prospectus – if reasons for the offer are 
different from general business purposes and/or 
Green Covered Bonds, will need to include those 
reasons here.)

--- Page 140 ---
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
140 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
An amount equal to the net proceeds from each issue of Covered Bonds will, unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, be applied/allocated by the Issuer as 
follows:  
(a) 
where “General Business Purposes” is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, for its general business purposes; or 
(b) 
where “Green Covered Bonds” is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
to finance or re-finance, in whole or in part, Green Loans located predominantly in the Nordic 
region and originated by the Issuer that promote the transition to low-carbon, climate resilient 
and sustainable economies, in each case as determined by the Issuer in accordance with the 
Green Loan categories set out in the Issuer’s Green Finance Framework available on the 
Issuer’s website (https://danskebank.com/investor-relations/debt/green-bonds) and in effect at 
the time of issuance of the Green Covered Bonds.  
For the purposes of this section: 
“Green Loans” are loans and investments within the Green Loan categories set out in the Issuer’s 
Green Finance Framework.

--- Page 141 ---
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
141 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE DANSKE BANK GROUP 
The general corporate structure of the Danske Bank Group (the “Danske Bank Group” or 
the “Group”) is as shown below: 
 
Overview 
The Group is the leading financial service provider in Denmark (source: the DFSA) measured 
by total working capital as at 31 December 2023, and one of the largest in the Nordic region measured 
by total assets as at 31 December 2023. The Group offers customers a wide range of services in the 
fields of banking, mortgage finance, insurance, pension, real-estate brokerage, asset management and 
trading in fixed income products, foreign exchange and equities. The Issuer is the largest bank in 
Denmark (source: the DFSA), is one of the larger banks in Finland and Northern Ireland, and has 
challenger positions in Sweden and Norway. As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s total assets 
amounted to DKK 3,771 billion (EUR 506.0 billion)1 and the Group employed 20,021 full-time 
equivalent employees. As at the same date, the Group had approximately 3.2 million customers and 
approximately 2.5 million customers used the Group’s online services. The Group had 144 branches as 
at 31 December 2023.  
Danske Bank A/S (“Danske Bank” or the “Issuer”) is the parent company of the Group. 
Danske Bank is a Nordic bank with bridges to the rest of the world, and its core markets are Denmark, 
Sweden, Norway and Finland. In these countries, it serves all types of customers, from retail customers 
and commercial to large corporate and institutional customers. It also operates in Northern Ireland, 
where it serves both retail and commercial customers. The Group has additional offices in other 
European countries including branch offices in Poland and the U.K., where its main offerings are 
solutions for Nordic and local businesses as well as private banking clients. The Group also conducts 
broker-dealer activities in the United States. 
The registered office of the Issuer is at Bernstorffsgade 40, DK-1577 Copenhagen V, Denmark, 
with telephone number +45 33 44 00 00 and Danish corporate registration number 61126228. 
The Issuer’s History and Development 
The Issuer was founded in Denmark and registered on 5 October 1871 and has, through the 
years, merged with a number of financial institutions. The Issuer is a commercial bank with limited 
liability and carries on business under the Danish Financial Business Act. The Issuer is registered with 
the Danish Business Authority. 
 
1  
Unless specified, DKK amounts are converted into EUR at FX rate = 7.4529 DKK per EUR. 
Danske Bank 
Realkredit Danmark  
(Mortgage Finance) 
Danica Pension, 
Livsforsikringsaktieselskab 
(Life and Pensions) 
Other  
Subsidiaries

--- Page 142 ---
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
142 
 
Organisational structure and Business Units 
Personal Customers 
The Personal Customers business unit provides advisory services to personal customers and 
Private Banking customers in Denmark, Sweden, Norway and Finland. Customised advice is offered to 
customers when they need to make important financial decisions about, for example, their home, 
investments or pension, based on their current situation and needs. As at 31 December 2023, the 
Personal Customers business unit had 4,064 full-time equivalent employees.   
 
In June 2023, the Issuer announced that it had entered into an agreement to sell its personal 
customers business in Norway. The sale, which includes loans, deposits and covered bonds, is expected 
to close in the fourth quarter of 2024. 
Business Customers 
The Business Customers business unit offers customers advice that adds value to their business, 
no matter whether the customer is a sole proprietor or an entity in a multinational group. The business 
unit offers strategic advisory services in connection with, for example, growth, an acquisition, a change 
of ownership, strategic development or international expansion. The business unit’s customers have 
access to the market’s digital solutions that make day-to-day banking easy, and pave the way for new 
insights and opportunities. As at 31 December 2023, the Business Customers business unit had 1,646 
full-time equivalent employees. 
Large Corporates & Institutions 
The Large Corporates & Institutions business unit serves large corporates and institutional customers 
with their complex financing and transaction needs. Expertise is offered on financing, risk management, 
investments, financial advisory services and transaction banking solutions. In addition, the business unit 
serves as an intermediary between issuers and investors in order to create financing and investment 
opportunities. The business unit’s core market is in Denmark, Sweden, Norway and Finland, however 
it also acts as a bridge to the world for Nordic customers as well as a gateway into the Nordics for 
international customers. As at 31 December 2023, the Large Corporates & Institutions business unit 
had 2,085 full-time equivalent employees.  
Shareholders’ equity 
The Issuer’s shareholders’ equity was DKK 175.7 billion (EUR 23.6 billion)2 as at the end of 
2023, as against total equity at 1 January 2023 of DKK 160.3 billion (EUR 21.6 billion)3.  
At year-end 2023, the Issuer’s authorised and issued share capital totalled DKK 8,621,846,210 
(EUR 1.157 billion) based on 862,184,621 shares of DKK 10 (EUR 1.342) each. The Issuer’s shares 
are listed on Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S.  
At year-end 2023, the Issuer had approximately 273,000 registered shareholders. According to 
the Danish Companies Act, shareholders must notify a company if their shareholding exceeds 5 per 
cent. of the company’s share capital or if any change occurs in a previously notified shareholding to the 
effect that the 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 50, 90 or 100 per cent. thresholds and the thresholds of one-third or 
two-thirds of the voting rights or the share capital are reached or no longer reached.  
At year-end 2023, one shareholder group had notified the Issuer of holding 5 per cent. or more 
of the Issuer’s share capital and voting rights:  
 
2                 FX rate at 31 December 2023 = 7.4529 DKK per EUR 
3  
FX rate at 1 January 2023 = 7.4374 DKK per EUR.

--- Page 143 ---
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
143 
 
The A.P. Møller-Holding Group holds about 21 per cent. of the share capital and the voting 
rights of the Issuer. 
The Issuer estimates that, at year-end 2023, 53 per cent. of its share capital was held by investors 
inside of Denmark and 47 per cent. of its share capital was held by investors outside of Denmark. Most 
foreign investors are based in the United States, EU and the UK. 
Capital and Solvency 
The Group’s capital base consists of tier 1 capital (common equity tier 1 capital and additional 
tier 1 capital instruments) and tier 2 capital. At 31 December 2023, the capital base of the Group 
amounted to DKK 190.9 billion (EUR 25.6 billion), the total capital ratio for the Group was 23.1 per 
cent., with a common equity tier 1 capital ratio of 18.8 per cent. and a tier 1 capital ratio of 20.5 per 
cent. At 31 December 2022, the total capital ratio for the Issuer was 22.1 per cent. with a CET1 ratio of 
17.8 per cent. and a tier 1 capital ratio of 19.6 per cent. 
At the end of 2023, the Group’s REA amounted to DKK 828 billion (EUR 111.1 billion), 
against DKK 838 billion (EUR 112.7 billion)4 at the end of 2022. The decrease in REA is mainly driven 
by a decrease in the REA for market risk of DKK 9.3 billion (EUR 1.2 billion), credit risk REA of DKK 
4.0 billion (EUR 0.5 billion) and counterparty credit risk REA of DKK 2.1 billion (EUR 0.3 billion). 
The decline was partly counterbalanced by an increase in the REA for operational risk of DKK 5.7 
billion (EUR 0.8 billion).    
The following table below shows the total capital ratio, tier 1 capital ratio and common equity 
tier 1 capital ratio. The second table shows the risk exposure amounts, tier 2 capital instruments and 
additional tier 1 capital instruments. 
 
Danske Bank Group  
 
 
(%) 
31 Dec. 2023 
31 Dec. 2022 
Total capital ratio .............................................................. 
23.1 
22.1 
Tier 1 capital ratio ............................................................. 
20.5 
19.6 
Common equity tier 1 capital ratio, excluding hybrid core 
capital ................................................................................ 
18.8 
17.8 
Note: The ratios are calculated in accordance with the Danish Financial Business Act. 
Source: Annual Report 2023, pg. 72. 
 
Danske Bank Group 
(DKKm) 
(EURm) 
 
31 Dec. 2023 
31 Dec. 2022 
31 Dec. 2023 
31 Dec. 2022 
Risk 
exposure 
amount
 ...........................................  
827,882 
838,193 
111,082 
112,713 
 
4  
FX rate at 31 December 2022 = 7.4365 DKK per EUR.

--- Page 144 ---
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
144 
 
Additional tier 1 capital 
instruments 
14,805 
15,300 
1,986 
2,057 
Tier 2 capital instruments 
 ...........................................  
20,790 
20,765 
2,790 
2,792 
Exchange 
Rate 
(DKK/EUR)
 ...........................................  
 
 
7.4529 
7.4365 
Source: (DKK amounts) Annual Report 2023, pg. 72. 
At the end of December 2023, the Group’s solvency need was 10.7 per cent., a minor increase 
of 0.1 percentage points from the level at the end of 2022. As of 31 December 2023, the Group’s total 
capital ratio was 23.1 per cent. and the CET1 capital ratio was 18.8 per cent.  
Subordinated debt and additional tier 1 capital  
In February 2024, the Issuer issued an aggregate principal amount of EUR 750 million 
subordinated fixed rate resettable Tier 2 Notes due 2034 and in May 2024 the Issuer issued an aggregate 
principal amount of SEK 4,250 million Subordinated Floating Rate Tier 2 Notes due 2034, pursuant to 
its EUR 35,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme, which is not reflected in the table above. 
On 28 March 2024, the Issuer called its USD 750 million perpetual non-cumulative resettable additional 
tier 1 convertible capital notes issued in March 2017 at par, which is not reflected in the table above. 
Capital regulation 
The Issuer is following the phase-in of the CRR II and the CRD V Directive in accordance with 
Danish and EU rules. 
The impact of IFRS 9 on regulatory capital is subject to a five-year phase-in period from 1 
January 2018, whereby an institution is allowed to include in its CET1 capital a portion of the increased 
expected credit loss provisions for a transition period. The transition method applied for the Group is 
based on a so-called dynamic approach taking into account both the initial impact and the evolution of 
the new expected credit loss provisions during the transition period. 
In response to COVID-19, a legislative package with targeted legislative changes and selected 
changes to application timing was agreed and adopted by the EU legislators in June 2020. The most 
significant changes were to prolong the IFRS 9 transitional arrangement and bringing forward the 
application date of the supporting factor for SMEs included in the CRR II. 
The DFSA has approved the Issuer’s continuing use of the financial conglomerate deduction 
method for holdings in Danica Pension. The deduction is based on Danica Pension’s solvency need 
rather than on its minimum capital requirement. The non-deductible part of the holdings will be risk-
weighted at 100 per cent. 
Distributions of Dividends 
The Group has the ambition to pay out ordinary dividends of 40-60 per cent. of its net profit. 
The proposal for the actual dividend ratio in a given year is made with respect to the capital targets and 
capital plan. The capital structure can be further adjusted through extraordinary dividends and/or share 
buy-back programmes if excess capital relative to the capital targets and planning is available after 
dividends have been paid out, profitable growth opportunities have been exhausted and other

--- Page 145 ---
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
145 
 
quantifiable matters with material impact on the Group’s capital position have been accounted for. The 
Group’s dividend policy was approved at the board meeting on 16 March 2023. 
As the Group’s capital position continues to be strong, the Board of Directors is proposing a 
dividend of DKK 7.5 (EUR 1.01)5 per share for the second half of 2023, in addition to the interim 
dividend of DKK 7.0 (EUR 0.94) per share paid for the first half of 2023, in total amounting to DKK 
14.5 (EUR 1.95) per share, corresponding to 59 per cent. of net profit for the year. The interim dividend 
was paid out in July 2023. 
On the basis of the financial results for 2023, the Board of Directors decided to initiate a share 
buy-back programme of DKK 5.5 billion (EUR 738.0 million), equivalent to a total payout ratio of 85 
per cent. including the dividend for 2023. The programme, which has been approved by the DFSA, was 
started on 5 February 2024. 
Legal and Regulatory Proceedings 
Estonia matter 
In December 2022, the Issuer entered into final coordinated resolutions with the U.S. 
Department of Justice (“DoJ”), the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and the Danish 
Special Crime Unit (“SCU”) following the investigations into failings and misconduct related to the 
non-resident portfolio at the Issuer’s former Estonia branch.  
The coordinated resolutions marked the end of the criminal and regulatory investigations into 
the Issuer in relation to the Estonian AML matter by the authorities in Denmark and the United States. 
As part of the Issuer’s agreement with DoJ, the Issuer was placed on corporate probation for 
three years from 13 December 2022 until 13 December 2025, and the Issuer committed to continue 
improving its compliance programmes. The Issuer has taken extensive remediation action to address 
those failings to prevent any similar occurrences, and the Issuer remains in contact with DoJ as a matter 
of post-resolution obligations set forth in the agreement with DoJ. 
The Issuer has been subject to a criminal investigation by authorities in France. The Issuer has 
cooperated with the French authorities and has reached a resolution with the French National Financial 
Prosecutor to settle this investigation by agreeing to pay EUR 6.33 million. The coordinated resolutions 
reached with the U.S. and Danish authorities in December 2022 did not include the French investigation. 
The resolution marks the end of the French investigation of the Issuer. The Issuer had posted bail in the 
amount of DKK 80 million in connection with the French investigation, and the financial impact of this 
resolution was previously provisioned for.  
The civil claims filed against the Issuer by institutional investors can be summarised to six case 
complexes with a current total claim amount of approximately DKK 12.8 billion. One of the complexes 
has partly been referred to the Eastern High Court, while the remaining cases are stayed or pending 
before the Copenhagen City Court. The civil claims are not included in the coordinated resolutions with 
DoJ, SEC and SCU. The Issuer will continue to defend itself vigorously against these claims. The timing 
of completion of such civil claims (pending or threatening) and their outcome are uncertain and could 
be material.  
The Issuer has been procedurally notified in two claims filed against Thomas F. Borgen. Under 
Danish law, the purpose of a procedural notification is to make a formal reservation of rights to bring a 
potential claim against the notified party. The first case was dismissed in the first instance and 
 
5  
FX rate at 31 December 2023 = 7.4529 DKK per EUR.

--- Page 146 ---
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
146 
 
subsequently appealed by the claimants. The original claim amount for both claims was approximately 
DKK 3.2 billion, but has been reduced to approximately DKK 1.7 billion.  
An action has been filed in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York 
against the Issuer and others. The complaint sought unspecified punitive and compensatory damages. 
On 29 December 2022, the action was dismissed by the court and on 27 January 2023, the complainants 
filed an appeal of the dismissal. The timing of the completion of the lawsuit and the outcome are 
uncertain. 
Other 
 
 
On 15 February 2024, the DFSA published an inspection report concerning the governance and 
control data quality at the Issuer. Following the inspection, the DFSA ordered the Issuer to ensure that 
the assessment of data risk, including significant uncertainties associated with the assessment, is clearly 
specified in the reporting to the Board of Directors and the Executive Leadership Team. Further, as a 
result of the risks associated with the data management, the DFSA has ordered the Issuer to reassess 
the solvency need in order to ensure an adequate capital coverage of data risk. Initially, the DFSA 
estimates that a Pillar II add-on, as a minimum, must amount to DKK 2 billion.     
Owing to its business volume, the Issuer is continually a party to various other lawsuits and 
disputes and has an ongoing dialogue with public authorities, such as the DFSA and the Danish Tax 
Agency on other matters. In general, the Issuer does not expect the outcomes of any of these other 
pending lawsuits and disputes or its dialogues with public authorities, which could encompass (for 
example but not limited to) dialogue in relation to anti-money laundering, sanctions, tax and GDPR, 
etc., to have any material effect on it or its financial position. The Issuer does not generally comment 
on the risk of fines being imposed or the amount of such fines, if any. The Issuer generally has an 
ongoing dialogue with different authorities and is cooperating with these authorities. The Issuer does 
not in general comment on its dialogue with authorities. As and when required, the Issuer will update 
the financial market via the usual channels (i.e. company announcement or on www.danskebank.com). 
To the extent required, the Issuer will also include updated information regarding current legal and 
regulatory proceedings in its interim financial statements (which will be incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus by a supplement hereto at the relevant time).

--- Page 147 ---
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
147 
 
Management of the Issuer 
The Issuer’s administrative bodies are the Board of Directors and the Executive Leadership 
Team. The Board of Directors, which consists of non-executive directors, is elected by the shareholders 
of the Issuer at the annual general meeting or at an extraordinary general meeting, with the exception 
of those directors who are elected pursuant to prevailing law concerning employee representation on 
the Board of Directors (currently four). The non-employee directors, who are elected by the 
shareholders, are elected for terms of one year and the number of such directors may range from six to 
ten. Directors are eligible for re-election. The Issuer’s Executive Leadership Team may consist of two 
to twelve members who are responsible for the day-to-day business and affairs of the Issuer. The 
business address of the Board of Directors and the Executive Leadership Team is Bernstorffsgade 40, 
DK-1577 Copenhagen V, Denmark. 
The present members of the Board of Directors and their external positions are as follows: 
Members of the Board of Directors elected by the annual General Meeting 
Martin Blessing, Chairman 
 
Directorships and other offices: 
MB-Ventures GmbH (executive officer) 
 
Unzer Group GmbH (chairman of the advisory 
board). 
Martin Nørkjær Larsen, Vice Chairman 
 
Directorships and other offices: 
 
Chief Financial Officer, A.P. Møller Holding 
A/S 
APMH Invest A/S (CEO and member of the 
board of directors and chair or ordinary member 
of the board of directors of 22 affiliated 
undertakings, including Maersk Supply Service 
A/S (chair), Maersk Product Tankers A/S 
(chair), Maersk Tankers A/S (ordinary board 
member) and C2X A/S (ordinary board 
member)) 
Navigare Capital Partners A/S (chairman of the 
board of directors)  
Assuranceforeningen SKULD (Gjensidig) (vice 
chairman of the board of directors)  
MVKH ApS (private investment company, 
CEO). 
Lars-Erik Brenøe 
 
Directorships and other offices: 
A.P. MØLLER HOLDING A/S (member of the 
board of directors) 
 
The A.P. Møller and Chastine Mc-Kinney 
Møller Foundation (A.P. Møller og Hustru 
Chastine Mc-Kinney Møllers Fond til almene

--- Page 148 ---
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
148 
 
Formaal) (member of the board of directors or 
the 
executive 
board 
of 
one 
affiliated 
undertaking) 
 
Monjasa Holding A/S (member of the board of 
directors) 
 
Odense Havn (member of the board of 
directors) 
 
A.P. Møller og Hustru Chastine Mc-Kinney 
Møllers Familiefond (The A.P. Møller Family 
Foundation) (member of the board of directors) 
 
Operaparkfonden (member of the board of 
directors) 
 
LEBrenoe (sole proprietorship) 
 
Ejerforeningen 21-5 DK3 P/S (chairman). 
Jacob Dahl 
 
Directorships and other offices: 
Jaka1 ApS (executive officer) 
 
Jaka2 ApS (executive officer)  
 
Matter DK ApS (chairman of the board of 
directors) 
 
Predicti ApS (chairman of the board of 
directors) 
 
CM HOLDING A/S (member of the board of 
directors). 
Lieve Mostrey 
 
Directorships and other offices: 
None. 
Raija-Leena Hankonen-Nybom 
 
Directorships and other offices: 
Cargotec Oyj (member of the board of directors 
and chairman of the audit committee) 
 
Metsä Board Oyj (member of the board of 
directors and chairman of the audit committee) 
 
Posti Group Oyj (member of the board of 
directors and chairman of the audit committee) 
 
Helsinki Deaconess Foundation sr (member of 
the board of directors and chairman of the audit 
committee)

--- Page 149 ---
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
149 
 
 
Savonlinna Opera Festival (member of the 
board of directors). 
Allan Polack 
 
Directorships and other offices: 
Home.Earth K/S (chairman of the supervisory 
board) 
 
Valdemar Frænkel og Moder Emmy Polack F. 
Berendts Mindelegat (member of the board of 
directors) 
 
Ældressagens Senat (member). 
Helle Valentin 
 
Directorships and other offices: 
Managing Partner, IBM Consulting, EMEA 
 
IBM Danmark ApS (member of the board of 
directors) 
 
RWE AG (member of the supervisory board and 
member of the Strategy and Sustainability 
Committee). 
Members of the Board of Directors elected by the Group’s employees in Denmark 
Bente Bang 
 
Directorships and other offices: 
Vice Chairman of Finansforbundet in Danske 
Bank  
 
Bikubens Personaleforening (chairman) 
 
Danske Unions/Finansforbundet i Danske Bank 
(transnational association of local Danske Bank 
Group staff unions) (Chairman of the board of 
directors). 
Kirsten Ebbe Brich 
 
Directorships and other offices: 
Chairman of Finansforbundet in Danske Bank 
 
Finansforbundet 
i 
Danske 
Banks 
Jubilæumsfond (chairman) 
 
Danske Unions/Finansforbundet (transnational 
association of local Danske Bank Group staff 
unions) (member of the board of directors) 
 
Danske 
Banks 
Pensionskasse 
for 
Førtidspensionister (member of the board of 
directors)

--- Page 150 ---
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
150 
 
 
Danske Banks Velfærdsfond af 1993 (member 
of the board of directors) 
 
Finansforbundet (The Financial Services Union 
in Denmark) (member of the executive 
committee). 
Aleksandras Cicasovas 
Chapter Lead in Core Payment Platform Tribe, 
Danske Bank 
Directorships and other offices: 
Lithuanian Works Council, Danske Bank 
 
European Works Council, Danske Bank.  
Louise Aggerstrøm Hansen 
Chief Analyst, Danish Macro Research, 
Markets, Danske Bank 
Directorships and other offices: 
None.  
 
 
The present members of the Executive Leadership Team and their external positions are as 
follows: 
Carsten Egeriis 
CEO  
Directorships and other offices: 
Danica Pension, Livsforsikringsaktieselskab 
(chairman) 
 
Climate Partnership on Finance (chairman) 
 
Finans Danmark (2nd vice chairman) 
 
FR I af 16 September 2015 A/S (member of the 
board of directors). 
Magnus Thor Agustsson 
CRO 
Directorships and other offices: 
Realkredit Danmark A/S (vice chairman of the 
board of directors). 
Joachim Alpen 
Head of Large Corporates & Institutions 
Directorships and other offices: 
None. 
Christian Bornfeld 
Head of Personal Customers and Financial 
Crime Risk & Prevention  
Directorships and other offices: 
Realkredit Danmark A/S (chairman) 
 
Vipps AS (member of the board of directors) 
 
Finans Danmark (personal substitute to the 2nd 
vice chairman of the board of directors)

--- Page 151 ---
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
151 
 
 
FR I af 16 September 2015 A/S (personal 
substitute for a member of the board of 
directors).  
Karsten Breum 
Chief People Officer 
Directorships and other offices: 
Bikubens Pensionsfond (chairman) 
Finans Danmark Arbejdsgiverforening (FA) 
(The employer association for the finance 
sector) (chairman) 
 
Danske Banks Fond (member of the board of 
directors)  
 
Finanskompetencepuljen (member of the board 
of directors) 
Grænsefonden (member of the board of 
directors). 
Stephan Engels 
CFO 
Directorships and other offices: 
SimCorp A/S (member of the board of 
directors).  
Johanna Norberg 
Head of Business Customers & Country 
Manager, Danske Bank Sweden 
Directorships and other offices: 
Samuel Söderstöm Foundation (member of the 
board of directors) 
 
Svenska Bankföreningen (Swedish banker’s 
association) (member of the board). 
Dorthe Tolborg 
Chief Compliance Officer 
Directorships and other offices: 
Appointed member of ‘Eksamensudvalget’ 
(Danish Business Authority) 
 
Appointed member of ‘Revisorrådet’ (Danish 
Business Authority). 
Frans Woelders 
COO 
Directorships and other offices: 
Danske Bank, Belfast (Northern Bank Limited), 
Northern Ireland (member of the board of 
directors). 
 
The external positions for the members of the Board of Directors and the Executive Leadership 
Team may change. Updates of this information can be found on the Issuer’s homepage, 
https://danskebank.com/about-us/management.

--- Page 152 ---
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
152 
 
After application of the relevant laws and conflict of interest policies of the Issuer, to the best 
of its knowledge, no potential conflicts of interest exist between the duties to the Issuer of the persons 
on the Board of Directors and the Executive Leadership Team and their private interests and/or other 
duties listed above.

--- Page 153 ---
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
153 
 
OVERVIEW OF KEY DERIVATIVE CONTRACT PROVISIONS 
Derivative Agreements 
The Issuer (acting in respect of the relevant Register) will enter into derivative agreements from 
time to time with hedge counterparties by executing ISDA Master Agreement(s) (including schedule(s), 
confirmations and, in each case, a credit support annex) (each such agreement, a “derivative 
agreement” and each of the transactions there under, a “derivative contract”) in order to hedge the 
interest rate risk, foreign exchange risk, liquidity risk or other risks between the Covered Bonds and the 
assets of the relevant Register. Where the Issuer (acting in respect of the relevant Register) enters into 
derivative contracts with the same hedge counterparty these may be entered into under the same ISDA 
Master Agreement. According to Danish Covered Bond Legislation, these derivative agreements must 
specify that the suspension of payments or bankruptcy of the Issuer (acting in respect of the relevant 
Register) does not constitute a breach. 
Ratings Downgrade 
Under each of the derivative agreements, in the event that the relevant rating(s) of a hedge 
counterparty are downgraded by a rating agency below the rating(s) specified in the relevant derivative 
agreement (in accordance with the requirements of the rating agencies) for such hedge counterparty, 
the relevant hedge counterparty will, in accordance with the relevant derivative agreement, be required 
to take certain remedial measures which may include providing additional collateral for its obligations 
under the relevant derivative agreement, arranging for its obligations under the derivative agreement to 
be transferred to an entity with rating(s) required by the relevant rating agency as specified in the 
relevant derivative agreement (in accordance with the requirements of the relevant rating agency), 
procuring another entity with rating(s) required by the relevant rating agency as specified in the relevant 
derivative agreement (in accordance with the requirements of the relevant rating agency) to become co-
obligor or guarantor, as applicable, in respect of its obligations under the relevant derivative agreement 
or taking some other action as it may agree with the relevant rating agency. 
Issuer as hedge counterparty 
To the extent that the Issuer has included in the relevant Issuer Cover Pool derivative contracts 
entered into with another part of the Issuer’s business: 
(i) 
the Issuer is obliged pursuant to the Danish Covered Bond Legislation to provide 
collateral to such Issuer Cover Pool, in a DKK equivalent, in the minimum amount of 
(a) 2.5 per mille of the aggregate notional amounts in respect of all outstanding 
derivative contracts entered into between such Issuer Cover Pool and another part of 
the Issuer’s business to the extent the Issuer’s long-term, unsecured and unsubordinated 
debt or counterparty obligations are rated by a credit rating agency registered under the 
CRA Regulation with a rating corresponding to credit quality step 1, or (b) 5 per mille 
of the aggregate notional amounts in respect of all outstanding derivative contracts 
entered into between such Issuer Cover Pool and another part of the Issuer’s business 
to the extent the Issuer’s long-term, unsecured and unsubordinated debt or counterparty 
obligations of the Issuer are rated by a credit rating agency registered under the CRA 
Regulation with a rating corresponding to at least credit quality step 2; 
(ii) 
the Issuer is obliged pursuant to the Danish Covered Bond Legislation to provide 
collateral on a daily basis to such Issuer Cover Pool covering the aggregate mark-to-
market value of all outstanding derivative contracts entered into between such Issuer 
Cover Pool and another part of the Issuer’s business, provided that the aggregate mark-
to-market value is in favour of such Issuer Cover Pool;

--- Page 154 ---
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
154 
 
(iii) 
the Issuer is obliged pursuant to the Danish Covered Bond Legislation to provide such 
further collateral as requested by the DFSA or arrange for its obligations under the 
derivative agreement to be transferred to an entity with rating(s) required by the DFSA, 
if the long-term, unsecured and unsubordinated debt or counterparty obligations of the 
Issuer are rated by a credit rating agency registered under the CRA Regulation with a 
rating corresponding to a credit quality step below credit quality step 2; and 
(iv) 
collateral provided by the Issuer shall comprise one or more of the assets set out in 
Article 129.1 in regulation No. 575/2013 of 26 June 2013 (as amended). 
Termination Event 
The derivative agreements will or may be terminated under certain circumstances, including 
the following: 
(i) 
at the option of the one party of the relevant derivative agreement, if there is a failure 
by the other party to pay any amount due under that derivative agreement and any 
applicable grace period has expired, or if a change in law results in the obligations of 
the one party becoming illegal or if a force majeure event occurs; 
(ii) 
at the option of the Issuer (acting in respect of the relevant Register), upon the 
occurrence of an insolvency of the relevant hedge counterparty or its guarantor, or the 
merger of the relevant counterparty without an assumption of its obligations under the 
relevant derivative agreement, or if a material misrepresentation is made by the relevant 
hedge counterparty under the derivative agreement, or if the hedge counterparty (or any 
co-obligor or guarantor of the hedge counterparty or any other party specified in respect 
of the hedge counterparty, as applicable) defaults under an over-the-counter derivatives 
transaction under another derivative master agreement between the Issuer (acting in 
respect of the relevant Register) (or any co-obligor or guarantor of the Issuer acting in 
respect of the Register or any other party specified in respect of the Issuer acting in 
respect of the Register, as applicable) and the hedge counterparty (or any co-obligor or 
guarantor of the hedge counterparty or any other party specified in respect of the hedge 
counterparty, as applicable) or if a breach of any provision of the relevant derivatives 
agreement by the hedge counterparty is not remedied within the applicable grace period 
or if withholding taxes are imposed on payments by the Issuer (acting in respect of the 
relevant Register) under the relevant derivative agreement due to a change in law or if 
the relevant hedge counterparty or its guarantor, as applicable, is downgraded and 
either fails to comply with the requirements of the ratings downgrade provisions 
contained in the relevant derivative agreement and described above under “Ratings 
Downgrade”; or 
(iii) 
at the option of the hedge counterparty, the merger of the Issuer (acting in respect of 
the relevant Register) without an assumption of its obligations under the relevant 
derivative agreement, or if the Issuer (acting in respect of the relevant Register) defaults 
under an over-the-counter derivative contract under another derivative master 
agreement entered into such Register between the Issuer (acting in respect of the 
relevant Register) and the hedge counterparty (or any co-obligor or guarantor of the 
hedge counterparty or any other party specified in respect of the hedge counterparty, 
as applicable) or if withholding taxes are imposed on payments by the relevant hedge 
counterparty under the relevant derivative agreement due to a change in law. 
A derivative contract will or may be terminated under certain circumstances, including the 
following:

--- Page 155 ---
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
155 
 
(i) 
at the option of the hedge counterparty, if the Issuer (acting in respect of the relevant 
Register) without undue delay fails to enter a derivative contract into the Register, or 
fails to deliver notice to the hedge counterparty of the entry of the derivative contract 
into the Register, or cancels any derivative contract from the relevant Register without 
the prior written consent of the hedge counterparty; or fails to cancel a derivative 
contract from the relevant Register in accordance with the consent of the hedge 
counterparty, or fails to give notice of a cancellation of a derivative contract as 
consented to by the hedge counterparty; 
(ii) 
at the option of the hedge counterparty, if, following the insolvency (konkurs), debt 
restructuring (rekonstruktionsbehandling) or any other insolvency related event in 
respect of the Issuer, the assets in one or more Registers (including the relevant 
Register) in respect of which derivative contracts have been entered into either fail to 
be held together or fail to be held separately from (individualiseret) the other assets of 
the Issuer or the insolvency estate of the Issuer; 
(iii) 
at the option of the hedge counterparty, if other than in respect of an insignificant 
portion of the assets included in the relevant Register, any creditor of the Issuer or the 
Issuer acting in respect of the relevant Register has success in taking enforcement 
action of any kind, against assets included in the Register relevant for such derivative 
contract in so far as such enforcement action overrides or endangers the preferred 
insolvency status of the hedge counterparty afforded it pursuant to the Danish Covered 
Bond Legislation; 
(iv) 
at the option of the hedge counterparty, to the extent any modification of or change in 
the law applicable to the Issuer’s issuance of Covered Bonds occurs and such 
modification or change may be reasonably said to have material adverse effect on the 
ability of the Issuer to perform its obligations under the derivative agreement or a 
material adverse effect on the preferred insolvency status of the hedge counterparty 
afforded it pursuant to the Danish Covered Bond Legislation in respect of Covered 
Bonds; or 
(v) 
at the option of the hedge counterparty, if irrevocable notice in accordance with the 
terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds is given by the Issuer to the Covered 
Bondholders that the Covered Bonds in respect of which the parties have entered into 
the derivative contracts will be repaid or redeemed in full. 
Upon the occurrence of an early termination event, the Issuer (acting in respect of the relevant 
Register) or the relevant hedge counterparty may be liable to make a termination payment to the other. 
The amount of any termination payment will be based on a good faith determination of the total losses 
and costs (or gains) as to the cost of entering into a derivate contract with terms and conditions that 
would have the effect of preserving the economic equivalent of the respective full payment obligations 
of the parties (which may be determined following consideration of quotations from leading dealers, 
relevant market data and information from internal sources), and will include any unpaid amounts that 
became due and payable prior to termination. Any such termination payment could be substantial and 
may affect the funds available to pay amounts due to the Covered Bondholders. 
Covered Bondholders will not receive extra amounts (over and above interest and principal 
payable on the Covered Bonds) as a result of the Issuer receiving termination payments from a hedge 
counterparty.

--- Page 156 ---
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
156 
 
Transfer 
Each hedge counterparty and the Issuer (acting in respect of the relevant Register) may, subject 
to certain conditions specified in the relevant derivative agreement, transfer its obligation under any 
derivative agreement to another entity. 
Taxation 
The hedge counterparty may be obliged to gross up payments made by it to the other party if 
withholding taxes are imposed on payments made under a derivative contract. If, due to a change in 
law, either the Issuer (acting in respect of the relevant Register) or the hedge counterparty is required 
to gross up a payment under a derivative contract or to receive a payment under a derivative contract 
from which an amount has been deducted or withheld, either the Issuer (acting in respect of the relevant 
Register) or the relevant hedge counterparty, as the case may be, may terminate the relevant derivative 
contract. 
Governing law 
The derivative agreements will be governed by English law. 
Restrictions on the use of derivative contracts 
The Danish Covered Bond Legislation allows for the inclusion of derivative contracts in the 
Cover Pool only if such contracts are entered into in order to hedge the interest rate risk, foreign 
exchange risk, liquidity risk or other risks between the Covered Bonds and the assets of the relevant 
Register. 
By virtue of the priority established under the Danish Financial Business Act, claims against 
an issuing bank by counterparties to the relevant derivative contracts and the Covered Bondholders will 
rank pari passu among themselves and ahead of claims of all other creditors of the bank with respect to 
the relevant Cover Pool (save for the priority granted to an administration estate in respect of fees and 
expenses) (for more detail see “Administration Estate” under “Overview of Danish Legislation Relating 
to Covered Bonds”). 
According to Danish Covered Bond Legislation, collateral provided by a counterparty to 
derivative agreements in respect of a Cover Pool (i.e., under a credit support annex to an ISDA Master 
Agreement or a similar document) constitutes collateral in the relevant Cover Pool.

--- Page 157 ---
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
157 
 
TAXATION 
The following is not a comprehensive analysis of the tax consequences arising in respect of the 
Covered Bonds. Prospective purchasers of Covered Bonds are advised to consult their tax advisers as 
to the tax consequences under the tax laws of the country of which they are residents of a purchase of 
Covered Bonds, including, but not limited to, the consequences of receipts of interest and sale or 
redemption of Covered Bonds. 
1. 
Denmark Taxation 
According to the Danish tax laws in effect as of the date of this Base Prospectus, (i) payments 
of interest or principal amounts to any Covered Bondholder are not subject to taxation in Denmark, (ii) 
no withholding tax will be required on such payments and (iii) any gain realised upon the sale, exchange 
or retirement of a Covered Bond will not be subject to taxation in Denmark. This tax treatment applies 
solely to Covered Bondholders who are not subject to full tax liability in Denmark or included in a 
Danish joint taxation scheme and do not carry on business in Denmark through a permanent 
establishment to which the income is allocated, and to Covered Bondholders who are not in a 
relationship with the Issuer whereby the Covered Bondholder directly or indirectly control, or are 
controlled by, the Issuer, and where the Covered Bondholder and the Issuer are not in a relationship due 
to joint control by a group of shareholders. 
2. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as 
“FATCA”, a “foreign financial institution” (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on 
certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain 
certification, reporting or related requirements. The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these 
purposes. A number of jurisdictions, including Denmark, have entered into, or have agreed in substance 
to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify 
the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in 
effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold 
under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of FATCA 
provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Covered Bonds, including whether withholding would 
ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the 
Covered Bonds, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required 
pursuant to FATCA, or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Covered Bonds, 
such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final 
regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and the 
Covered Bonds characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a 
fixed term) for U.S. federal income tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months 
after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are filed with the U.S. 
Federal Register generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless 
materially modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution of the Issuer). However, if 
additional Covered Bonds (as described under “Terms and Conditions – Further Issues”) that are not 
distinguishable from previously issued Covered Bonds are issued after the expiration of the 
grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat 
all Covered Bonds, including the Covered Bonds offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering 
period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisers 
regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Covered Bonds.  
3. 
The Proposed Financial Transaction Tax (“FTT”) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s 
Proposal”) for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Greece, Spain, France, Italy,

--- Page 158 ---
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
158 
 
Austria, Portugal, Slovenia, Slovakia, (the “participating Member States”) and Estonia. However, 
Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain 
dealings in Covered Bonds (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The 
issuance and subscription of Covered Bonds should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both 
within and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in 
Covered Bonds where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in 
a participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a 
participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person 
established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the 
dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member 
States. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. 
Additional Member States may decide to participate. Prospective holders of Covered Bonds are advised 
to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 159 ---
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
159 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Covered Bonds may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of BNP Paribas, 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Danske Bank A/S 
(in its capacity as a Dealer), HSBC Continental Europe, Natixis, NatWest Markets Plc and UniCredit 
Bank GmbH (the “Dealers”). Covered Bonds may also be sold by the Issuer directly to institutions who 
are not Dealers. The arrangements under which Covered Bonds may from time to time be agreed to be 
sold by the Issuer to, and purchased by, Dealers are set out in an amended and restated dealership 
agreement dated 8 November 2024 (the “Dealership Agreement” which expression shall include any 
amendments or supplements thereto or any amendment and restatement thereof) and made between the 
Issuer and the Dealers. Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and 
conditions of the relevant Covered Bonds, the price at which such Covered Bonds will be purchased by 
the Dealers and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer 
in respect of such purchase. The Dealership Agreement makes provision for the resignation or 
termination of the appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other 
Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Covered 
Bonds. 
United States 
Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D, unless TEFRA C is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; Rule 144A eligible if so specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement. 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may 
not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except 
in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in 
this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S of the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree that it will not offer, sell or deliver Covered Bonds 
of any Series (i) as part of the distribution thereof at any time or (ii) otherwise until forty days after the 
completion of the distribution of all Covered Bonds of the Tranche of which such Covered Bonds are a 
part within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will 
have sent to each dealer to which it sells the Covered Bonds during the distribution compliance period 
a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Covered Bonds 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable tranche of 
Covered Bonds, an offer or sale of Covered Bonds within the United States by any dealer (whether or 
not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Any resale or other transfer, or attempted resale or other transfer of Covered Bonds made other 
than in compliance with the restrictions set out above and below shall not be recognised by the Issuer 
or any of its agents. The certificates for the Covered Bonds sold in the United States shall bear a legend 
to this effect. 
Bearer Covered Bonds 
 
Bearer Covered Bonds having a maturity of more than one year are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to 
a U.S. person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this

--- Page 160 ---
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
160 
 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, 
and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
Registered Covered Bonds 
Offers, sales, resales and other transfers of Registered Covered Bonds in the United States made 
or approved by a Dealer (including offers, resales or other transfers made or approved by a Dealer in 
connection with secondary trading) shall be effected pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
Offers, sales, resales and other transfers of Registered Covered Bonds made in the United States 
will be made only to institutional investors that are reasonably believed to qualify as qualified 
institutional buyers (as defined in Rule 144A) (each such institutional investor being hereinafter referred 
to as a “qualified institutional buyer” or “QIB”) in a transaction otherwise meeting the requirements 
of Rule 144A. 
Each Registered Covered Bond shall contain a legend in substantially the following form: 
“THIS COVERED BOND HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE 
UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”). THE 
HOLDER HEREOF, BY PURCHASING THIS COVERED BOND, AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT 
OF DANSKE BANK A/S (THE “ISSUER”) THAT THIS COVERED BOND MAY BE OFFERED, 
RESOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED ONLY (A)(1) TO THE ISSUER OR A 
DEALER (AS DEFINED IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS), (2) SO LONG AS THIS COVERED BOND 
IS ELIGIBLE FOR RESALE PURSUANT TO RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT 
(“RULE 144A”), TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A 
QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A) ACTING FOR ITS OWN 
ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 144A, (3) IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN ACCORDANCE 
WITH RULE 903 OR 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (4) 
PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT 
PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (IF AVAILABLE), OR (B) 
PURSUANT TO ANY OTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION 
REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT, OR (C) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE 
REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, AND IN EACH OF SUCH 
CASES IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF 
THE UNITED STATES. NO REPRESENTATIONS CAN BE MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY 
OF THE EXEMPTION PROVIDED BY RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT FOR 
RESALES OF THIS COVERED BOND. THE HOLDER HEREOF, BY PURCHASING THIS 
COVERED BOND, REPRESENTS AND AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE ISSUER THAT IT 
WILL NOTIFY ANY PURCHASER OF THIS COVERED BOND FROM IT OF THE RESALE 
RESTRICTIONS REFERRED TO ABOVE.” 
By its purchase of any Covered Bonds, each investor in the United States shall be deemed to 
have agreed to the restrictions contained in any legend endorsed on the Covered Bond purchased by it 
(to the extent still applicable) and each such purchaser shall be deemed to have represented to the Issuer 
and the Dealer, if applicable, that it is a QIB. Pursuant to the Dealer Agreement, the Issuer has agreed 
to indemnify the Dealers against, or to contribute to losses arising out of, certain liabilities, including 
liabilities under certain securities laws, in respect of Covered Bonds. 
Prohibition of Sales to European Economic Area Retail Investors  
Unless the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specifies “Prohibition of Sales to 
European Economic Area Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree,

--- Page 161 ---
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
161 
 
that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
as completed by the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in relation thereto to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means 
of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered 
so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds. 
If the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specifies “Prohibition of Sales to European 
Economic Area Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State (each, a 
“Relevant State”), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer 
of Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant State except that it may 
make an offer of such Covered Bonds to the public in that Relevant State: 
(i) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(ii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(iii) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (i) to (iii) above shall require the 
Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision the expression an “offer of Covered Bonds to the public” 
in relation to any Covered Bonds in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by 
any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so 
as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors 
Unless the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specifies “Prohibition of Sales to United 
Kingdom Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any

--- Page 162 ---
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
162 
 
Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed 
by the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution 
Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means 
of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered 
so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds. 
If the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specifies “Prohibition of Sales to United 
Kingdom Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable” in relation to the UK, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not made and will not make an offer of Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public 
in the UK except that it may make an offer of such Covered Bonds to the public in the UK: 
(i) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation; 
(ii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation), in the UK subject to obtaining 
the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such 
offer; or 
(iii) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (i) to (iii) above shall require the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision the expression an “offer of Covered Bonds to the public” 
in relation to any Covered Bonds in the UK means the communication in any form and by any means 
of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable 
an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that:

--- Page 163 ---
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
163 
 
(a) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated, and 
will only communicate or cause to be communicated, any invitation or inducement to 
engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000) (the “FSMA”) received by it in connection with the 
issue or sale of any Covered Bonds in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the 
FSMA would not, if the Issuer was not an authorised person, apply to the Issuer; and 
(b) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions 
of the FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Covered Bonds in, 
from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Denmark 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer, sell 
or deliver any Covered Bonds directly or indirectly in Denmark by way of a public offering, unless, as 
applicable, in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation, the Danish Consolidated Act No. 198 of 26 
February 2024 on Capital Markets, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time, and any 
Executive Orders issued thereunder and in compliance with Executive Order No. 191 of 31 January 
2022, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time, issued pursuant to the Danish Financial 
Business Act. 
Japan 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments 
and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the “FIEA”) and each Dealer has agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will not offer 
or sell any Covered Bonds, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of 
Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act 
(Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan 
or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations 
and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree that, it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable 
securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers 
Covered Bonds or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval 
or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Covered Bonds under the 
laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such 
purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Arrangers nor any 
other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Arrangers and any of the Dealers represents that 
Covered Bonds may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other 
requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any 
responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 164 ---
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
164 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme and the issue of the Covered Bonds have been duly 
authorised by a resolution of the meeting of the Board of Directors of the Issuer passed on 25 October 
2007. The Issuer has obtained, or will obtain from time to time, all necessary consents, approvals and 
authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Covered Bonds. 
Listing and Admission to Trading of Covered Bonds on Euronext Dublin 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Covered Bonds issued under the Programme 
(other than Exempt Covered Bonds) during the period of twelve months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin and trading on its Regulated Market.  
However, Covered Bonds may be issued pursuant to the Programme (i) which will not be 
admitted to listing on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and will not be admitted to trading and/or 
quotation by the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin or any other listing authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system or (ii) which will be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
Documents Available 
For as long as the Programme remains valid with the Central Bank, copies of the following 
documents 
will 
be 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin: 
(i) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus;  
(ii) 
any supplements to this Base Prospectus, any future base prospectuses relating to the 
Programme and any supplements to any future base prospectuses relating to the 
Programme; and 
(iii) 
copies of any Final Terms relating to Covered Bonds which are admitted to trading on 
Euronext Dublin’s Regulated Market. 
For as long as the Programme remains valid with the Central Bank, copies of the following 
documents will be available on the website of the Issuer at https://www.danskebank.com (see 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference” for more details): 
(i) 
the Articles of Association of the Issuer;  
(ii) 
all reports, letters, and other documents, valuations and statements prepared by any 
expert at the Issuer’s request any part of which is included or referred to in this Base 
Prospectus; 
(iii) 
the Annual Reports (as defined in “Documents Incorporated by Reference”);  
(iv) 
the Interim report – first nine months 2024 (as defined in “Documents Incorporated by 
Reference”);  
(v) 
the Previous Terms and Conditions (as defined in “Documents Incorporated by 
Reference”); and

--- Page 165 ---
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
165 
 
(vi) 
any other documents incorporated herein by reference from time to time. 
Third Party Information 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been secured from third parties, this information 
has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the 
information published by such third parties no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The source of third party information is identified 
where used. 
Clearing Systems 
The Covered Bonds have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Bearer Covered Bonds 
allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement. In addition, the Issuer will make an application for any Registered Covered Bonds 
to be accepted for trading in book-entry form by DTC. The CUSIP number for each Tranche of 
Registered Covered Bonds, together with the relevant ISIN and Common Code, will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. If the Covered Bonds are to clear through an additional or 
alternative clearing system (including VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden), the appropriate information will 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
DTC and VP, VPS and Euroclear Sweden (as the case may be) are the entities in charge of keeping the 
records. 
The address of Euroclear is 3 Boulevard du Roi Albert Ill, B.1210 Brussels, Belgium; the 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue J. F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg; the address of 
DTC is 55 Water Street, New York, NY 10041-0099, USA; the address of VP is Helgeshøj Allé 61, 
DK-2630 Taastrup, Denmark; the address of VPS is Biskop Gunnerus’ Gate 14a, N-0185 Oslo, 
Norway; and the address of Euroclear Sweden is Klarabergsviadukten 63, SE-101 23 Stockholm, 
Sweden. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, an indication of the yield in respect 
of such Covered Bonds will be specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. The yield 
is calculated at the Issue Date of the Covered Bonds on the basis of the relevant Issue Price. The yield 
indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of the Covered Bonds and will 
not be an indication of future yield. 
Conditions for Determining Price 
The issue price and amount of the Covered Bonds of any Tranche to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of the issue of such 
Tranche in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Material Change and Significant Change 
(i) 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of the Issuer or 
of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole since 30 September 2024, the last day of the 
financial period in respect of which the most recent financial statements of the Issuer and the 
Group have been prepared; and 
(ii) 
save as outlined in the sections “Risk Factors - Disruptions and volatility in the global financial 
markets may adversely impact the Group” and “Legal and Regulatory Proceedings”, there has

--- Page 166 ---
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
166 
 
been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer since 31 
December 2023, the last day of the financial period in respect of which the most recently audited 
financial statements of the Issuer and the Group have been prepared.  
Legal Proceedings 
Save as outlined in the section “Legal and Regulatory Proceedings”, there are no governmental, 
legal or arbitration proceedings against or affecting the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries (and no such 
proceedings are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during a period covering at least 
the previous twelve months which have or may have in the recent past, individually or in the aggregate, 
significant effects on the profitability or the financial position of the Issuer or of the Issuer and its 
Subsidiaries taken as a whole. 
Auditors 
The consolidated interim financial statements of the Group as at and for the first nine months 
ended 30 September 2024 have not been audited or reviewed. The annual financial statements of the 
Group for each of the financial years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 have been 
audited by Deloitte Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab (“Deloitte”), being the relevant 
independent public auditors of the Issuer for such period. Deloitte is a member of “FSR – Danske 
Revisorer” (Association of State Authorised Public Accountants). 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the 
Issuer and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their 
business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and 
actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments 
(including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments 
and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer’s affiliates. 
Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge 
their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, 
such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist 
of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely 
affect future trading prices of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their 
affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research 
views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that 
they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier Code 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is MAES062Z21O4RZ2U7M96. 
Language 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical 
terms have been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be 
ascribed to them under applicable law.

--- Page 167 ---
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
167 
 
Irish Listing Agent 
The Irish Listing Agent is Matheson LLP and the address of its registered office is 70 Sir John 
Rogerson’s Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland. Matheson LLP is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for 
the Issuer in connection with the Covered Bonds and is not itself seeking admission of the Covered 
Bonds to trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin. 
URLs 
In this Base Prospectus, references to websites or uniform resource locators (each, a “URL”) 
are inactive textual references and are included for information purposes only. The contents of any such 
website or URL shall not form part of, or be deemed to be incorporated into, this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 168 ---
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
168 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Danske Bank A/S 
Bernstorffsgade 40 
DK-1577 Copenhagen V 
Denmark 
 
DEALERS 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank 
12 place des Etats-Unis, CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge CEDEX 
France 
 
Danske Bank A/S 
Bernstorffsgade 40 
DK-1577 Copenhagen V 
Denmark 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38 avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
Natixis 
07 promenade Germaine Sablon 
75013 Paris 
France 
 
NatWest Markets Plc 
250 Bishopsgate 
London EC2M 4AA 
United Kingdom 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
 
AUDITORS OF THE ISSUER 
 
Deloitte Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab 
Weidekampsgade 6 
DK-2300 Copenhagen S 
Denmark 
 
FISCAL AGENT AND PRINCIPAL REGISTRAR 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
VP SYSTEMS AGENT 
Danske Bank A/S 
Corporate Actions 
Bernstorffsgade 40 
DK-1577 Copenhagen V 
Denmark

--- Page 169 ---
0010155-0003618 UKO2: 2009006493.8 
169 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to Danish Law 
Gorrissen Federspiel Advokatpartnerselskab 
Axel Towers 
Axeltorv 2 
DK-1609 Copenhagen V 
Denmark 
 
To the Dealers as to English Law 
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
 
Matheson LLP 
70 Sir John Rogerson’s Quay 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
 
Printed by Allen Overy Shearman Sterling LLP