--- Page 1 ---
The date of this Base Prospectus is 8 November 2019. 
 
EUR 30,000,000,000 
Global Covered Bond Programme 
Under this EUR 30,000,000,000 Global Covered Bond Programme (the “Programme”), Danske Bank A/S (the “Issuer” or the 
“Bank” or “Danske Bank”) may from time to time issue covered bonds (“Covered Bonds”) in accordance with the Danish Financial 
Business Act (lov om finansiel virksomhed), and relevant executive orders (bekendtgørelser) and regulations thereto as may be 
supplemented, amended, modified or varied from time to time (as well as any judicial decisions and administrative pronouncements, all of 
which are subject to change, including with retroactive effect) (the “Danish Covered Bond Legislation”), denominated in any currency 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below).  
Covered Bonds may be issued in bearer form (“Bearer Covered Bonds”), registered form (“Registered Covered Bonds”), 
uncertificated book entry form cleared through the Danish, Norwegian and/or Swedish (as the case may be) central securities depository 
(together the “VP Systems Covered Bonds” and individually “VP”,”VPS” and “Euroclear Sweden”, respectively) or in the form of 
German law governed registered bonds (gedeckte Namensschuldverschreibungen) (“German Registered Covered Bonds”). 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”), as competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards 
of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the Central Bank of Ireland should 
not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Covered Bonds. Such approval relates only to the Covered Bonds 
which are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market (the “Regulated Market”) of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext 
Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (“MiFID II”) and/or which are to be offered to the 
public in any Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a “Member State”) in circumstances that require the publication of a 
prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Covered Bonds.    
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Covered Bonds issued under the Programme (other than Exempt Covered 
Bonds) during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin and 
trading on the Regulated Market. References in this Base Prospectus to Covered Bonds being “listed” (and all related references) on 
Euronext Dublin shall mean that such Covered Bonds have been admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin and to trading on the 
Regulated Market. Application may be made for Covered Bonds issued under the Programme (other than Exempt Covered Bonds) to be 
admitted to trading and to be listed on The Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S, The Oslo Børs, The Nasdaq Stockholm AB or such other regulated 
market for the purposes of MiFID II as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. No assurance can be given that any such application 
will be successful.  
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to the Covered Bonds which are to be admitted to trading on a 
regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II in the European Economic Area. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the 
event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The Programme also permits Covered Bonds to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such 
other or further listing authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer. The German Registered 
Covered Bonds will not be admitted to trading or listed on any market or stock exchange. The requirement to publish a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation only applies to Covered Bonds which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic 
Area and/or offered to the public in the European Economic Area other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 
1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. References in this Base Prospectus to “Exempt Covered Bonds” are to Covered Bonds 
(including German Registered Covered Bonds) for which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation. The 
Central Bank has neither reviewed nor approved information contained in this Base Prospectus pertaining to Exempt Covered Bonds. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described in the section titled “Risk Factors” in this Base Prospectus. 
 _______________________________ 
Arrangers 
BNP PARIBAS 
DANSKE BANK 
HSBC 
Dealers 
BARCLAYS 
BNP PARIBAS  
COMMERZBANK  
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB 
CREDIT SUISSE 
DANSKE BANK 
HSBC 
 
 
 
 
 
      
   
 
 
 
 
                  NATIXIS  
NATWEST MARKETS 
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE CORPORATE & INVESTMENT BANKING  
UNICREDIT BANK

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents that are deemed to be 
incorporated herein by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference” below). This Base Prospectus 
shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated and form part of this Base 
Prospectus. Accordingly references herein to this “Base Prospectus” are to this document, as supplemented 
from time to time, including such documents incorporated by reference. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement for each Tranche (as defined in “Standard Terms and Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds” below) of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer 
(which has taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case), the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such 
information.  
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer or the Dealers to give any information or to make any 
representation other than those contained or that are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and 
referred to below under “Documents Incorporated by Reference” in this Base Prospectus and, if given or made, 
such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the 
Dealers. 
None of the Dealers has separately verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted 
by the Dealers or any of them as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme, any Covered 
Bonds or the distribution of any Covered Bonds. No Dealer accepts liability in relation to the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the 
Programme. 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will be liabilities only of the Issuer and not of any other 
person, including the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
any Covered Bonds (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be 
considered as a recommendation or constituting an invitation or offer by the Issuer or the Dealers that any 
recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Covered Bonds, should purchase any Covered Bonds. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Covered 
Bonds should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own 
appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer and the relevant Issuer Cover Pools (as defined below in “Risk 
Factors”). 
The delivery of this Base Prospectus does not at any time imply that the information contained herein 
concerning the Issuer and/or the Issuer Cover Pools is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that 
any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the 
date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the 
financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Issuer Cover Pools during the life of the Programme or to 
advise any investor in Covered Bonds issued under the Programme of any information coming to their attention. 
Investors should review, inter alia, the documents deemed incorporated herein by reference when deciding 
whether or not to purchase any Covered Bonds. Neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers have undertaken, nor will 
they undertake, any investigations, searches or other actions in respect of the loans and other assets contained or 
to be contained in the Issuer Cover Pools, but will instead rely on the obligations of the Issuer under the Danish 
Covered Bond Legislation. None of the Dealers will verify or monitor the application of the proceeds of any 
Green Covered Bonds (as defined below) issued under this Programme.  
Each potential investor of Covered Bonds must determine the suitability of that investment in light of 
its own circumstances. In particular, each investor should: (i) have sufficient knowledge and experience to make 
a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Covered Bonds, the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Covered 
Bonds and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
supplement to this Base Prospectus; (ii) have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to 
evaluate, in the context of its particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Covered Bonds and the 
impact such investment will have on its overall investment portfolio; (iii) have sufficient financial resources and 
liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Covered Bonds, including Covered Bonds with principal 
or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for principal or interest payments is 
different from the currency in which such potential investor’s financial activities are principally denominated; 
(iv) understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Covered Bonds and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and (v) be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial 
adviser) possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its 
ability to bear the applicable risks. The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment 
laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Financial institutions should consult their 
legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Covered Bonds under any 
applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.  
The Covered Bonds have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the “Securities Act”), and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) except in accordance 
with Regulation S under the Securities Act or pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Covered Bonds may be restricted by 
law in certain jurisdictions. None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that this document may be lawfully 
distributed, or that any Covered Bonds may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration 
or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any 
responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the 
Issuer or the Dealers that would permit a public offering of any Covered Bonds or distribution of this document 
in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Covered Bonds may be offered or 
sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material 
may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance 
with any applicable laws and regulations and the Dealers have represented that all offers and sales by them will 
be made on the same terms. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Covered Bonds come 
must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions. In particular, there are restrictions on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Covered Bonds in the United States, the European 
Economic Area, the United Kingdom, Denmark, Germany and Japan (see “Subscription and Sale” below). 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute a prospectus for purposes of the German Capital Investments 
Act (Vermögensanlagengesetz). 
Registered Covered Bonds may be offered and sold in the United States exclusively to persons 
reasonably believed by the Dealers to be qualified institutional buyers (“QIBs”). Each U.S. purchaser of 
Registered Covered Bonds is hereby notified that the offer and sale of any Registered Covered Bonds to it may 
be made in reliance upon the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by 
Rule 144A under the Securities Act or any other applicable exemption. To permit compliance with Rule 144A 
under the Securities Act in connection with the resales of Registered Covered Bonds, the Issuer is required to 
furnish, upon request of a holder of a Registered Covered Bond and a prospective purchaser designated by such 
holder, the information required to be delivered under Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act. Registered 
Covered Bonds are not transferable to other holders within the United States except upon satisfaction of certain 
conditions as described under “Subscription and Sale”. 
The Covered Bonds have not been recommended by or approved or disapproved by the United States 
Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) or any other federal or state securities commission in the 
United States nor has the SEC or any other federal or state securities commission confirmed the accuracy or 
determined the adequacy of this Base Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the 
United States. The Covered Bonds are subject to restrictions on transferability and resale and may not be 
transferred or resold except as permitted under applicable federal or state securities laws pursuant to a

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
registration statement or an exemption from registration. Investors should be aware that they may be required to 
bear the financial risks of this investment for an indefinite period of time. 
 The Issuer is a commercial bank with limited liability organised under the laws of Denmark. None of 
the directors and executive officers of the Issuer is a resident of the United States, and all or a substantial portion 
of the assets of the Issuer and such persons are located outside the United States. As a result, it may not be 
possible for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon the Issuer or such persons or to 
enforce against any of them in the United States courts judgments obtained in United States courts, including 
judgments predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the United States or any State or 
territory within the United States. 
This Base Prospectus includes “forward-looking statements”. All statements other than statements of 
historical facts included in this Base Prospectus, including, without limitation, those regarding the Issuer’s 
financial position, business strategy, plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-
looking statements. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other 
factors which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Issuer, or industry results, to be 
materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-
looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding the Issuer’s 
present and future business strategies and the environment in which the Issuer will operate in the future. 
Important factors that could cause the Issuer’s actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially 
from those in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the section titled 
“Risk Factors”. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made. The Issuer 
expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-
looking statement contained herein to reflect any change in the Issuer’s expectations with regard thereto or any 
change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based. 
For so long as any Covered Bonds remain outstanding and are “restricted securities” (as defined in 
Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act), the Issuer shall, during any period in which it is neither subject to 
Sections 13 or 15(d) of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”) 
nor exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) under the Exchange Act, make available to any holder of, 
or beneficial owner of an interest in, such Covered Bonds in connection with any resale thereof and to any 
prospective purchaser designated by such holder or beneficial owner, in each case upon request, the information 
specified in, and meeting the requirements of, Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act. 
All references in this Base Prospectus to “U.S. Dollars”, “U.S. $”, “USD” and “$” refer to United 
States Dollars, those to “DKK” refer to Danish Kroner, those to “Yen” refer to Japanese Yen, those to “SEK” 
refer to Swedish Kronor, those to “GBP” refer to Pounds Sterling, those to “NOK” refer to Norwegian Kroner 
and those to “euro”, “EUR” and “€” refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended, of 
those members of the European Union which are participating in the European economic and monetary union 
(the “Eurozone”). 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
the applicable law. Capitalised terms used in this Base Prospectus have been defined in the section titled 
“Standard Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” or throughout this Base Prospectus. Accordingly, 
references to the Terms and Conditions shall be construed as references to the Standard Terms and Conditions 
unless the context specifically states otherwise. 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF ANY TRANCHE OF COVERED BONDS, THE 
DEALER OR DEALERS (IF ANY) NAMED AS THE STABILISATION MANAGER(S) (OR PERSONS 
ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY STABILISATION MANAGER(S)) IN THE RELEVANT FINAL TERMS 
OR PRICING SUPPLEMENT MAY OVER-ALLOT COVERED BONDS OR EFFECT TRANSACTIONS 
WITH A VIEW TO SUPPORTING THE MARKET PRICE OF THE COVERED BONDS AT A LEVEL 
HIGHER THAN THAT WHICH MIGHT OTHERWISE PREVAIL. HOWEVER, STABILISATION MAY 
NOT NECESSARILY OCCUR. ANY STABILISATION ACTION MAY BEGIN ON OR AFTER THE DATE

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
ON WHICH ADEQUATE PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF THE TERMS OF THE OFFER OF THE RELEVANT 
TRANCHE OF COVERED BONDS IS MADE AND, IF BEGUN, MAY CEASE AT ANY TIME, BUT IT 
MUST END NO LATER THAN THE EARLIER OF THIRTY DAYS AFTER THE ISSUE DATE OF THE 
RELEVANT TRANCHE OF COVERED BONDS AND SIXTY DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF THE 
ALLOTMENT OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF COVERED BONDS. ANY STABILISATION ACTION 
OR OVER-ALLOTMENT MUST BE CONDUCTED BY THE RELEVANT STABILISATION 
MANAGER(S) (OR PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY STABILISATION MANAGER(S)) IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND RULES. 
The rating of certain Series (as defined in “Standard Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” 
below) of Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Series of Covered 
Bonds will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA Regulation”) will be disclosed in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement. In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and 
registered under the CRA Regulation unless the rating is provided by a credit rating agency operating in the 
European Union before 7 June 2010 which has submitted an application for registration in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation and such registration is not refused. A list of registered credit rating agencies is available on 
the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) website at www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs (list last updated on 1 October 2019).  
Interest and/or other amounts payable under Floating Rate Covered Bonds may be calculated by 
reference to certain Reference Rates (as defined in the Terms and Conditions). Any such Reference Rate may 
constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “Benchmarks Regulation”). If any 
such Reference Rate does constitute such a benchmark, the relevant Final Terms will indicate whether or not the 
benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the 
Benchmarks Regulation. Transitional provisions in the Benchmarks Regulation may have the result that the 
administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks at the date of the relevant Final Terms. The registration status of any administrator under the 
Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does 
not intend to update the relevant Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
 
EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA RETAIL INVESTORS 
 
If the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in respect of any Covered Bonds includes a legend 
titled “Prohibition of Sales to European Economic Area Retail Investors” the Covered Bonds are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For these purposes a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered 
Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the European Economic Area has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET 
The relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in respect of any Covered Bonds will include a legend 
titled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Covered 
Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Covered Bonds about whether, for the 
purpose of the MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product 
Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be 
a manufacturer for the purposes of the MiFID Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................... 8 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE........................................................................ 25 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ....................................................................... 28 
OVERVIEW OF DANISH LEGISLATION RELATING TO COVERED BONDS .......................... 37 
ISSUER’S LICENCE TO ISSUE COVERED BONDS AND ISSUER COVER POOLS .................. 42 
FORM OF THE COVERED BONDS .................................................................................................. 46 
STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS ...................................... 53 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE GERMAN REGISTERED COVERED BONDS ................. 89 
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS FOR COVERED BONDS OTHER THAN EXEMPT COVERED 
BONDS .................................................................................................................................. 109 
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT COVERED BONDS .............................. 121 
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................... 132 
DESCRIPTION OF THE DANSKE BANK GROUP ........................................................................ 133 
OVERVIEW OF KEY DERIVATIVE CONTRACT PROVISIONS ................................................ 158 
TAXATION ........................................................................................................................................ 162 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................... 164 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................. 168

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
RISK FACTORS  
Prospective investors should read the entire Base Prospectus and reach their own views prior to 
making any investment decision. 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not 
occur.  
Factors which the Issuer believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks 
associated with Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing 
in Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, but the Issuer may be unable to pay interest, principal or other 
amounts on or in connection with any Covered Bonds for other reasons which may not be considered significant 
risks by the Issuer based on information currently available to it and which it may not currently be able to 
anticipate. The risks outlined below do not consider an investor’s specific knowledge and/or understanding 
about risks typically associated with the Issuer and the acquisition and ownership of Covered Bonds, whether 
obtained through experience, training or otherwise, or the lack of such specific knowledge and/or 
understanding, or circumstances that may apply to a particular investor. 
Words and expressions defined in the “Standard Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” below 
or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this section, unless otherwise stated. 
Factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Covered Bonds issued under 
the Programme 
Risks relating to the mortgage loan business and the relevant real estate markets and economies 
The location of the Mortgaged Properties is concentrated in certain countries 
Mortgaged real estate in respect of residential properties securing the Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme may be located in Denmark in the case of Category D Covered Bonds, or in Sweden or Norway or 
possibly in other countries in which the Issuer operates or will operate subject to the prior approval of the 
Danish Financial Supervisory Authority (Finanstilsynet) (the “DFSA”) in the case of Category I Covered 
Bonds. Mortgaged real estate in respect of “commercial” (as explained in “Issuer’s Licence to issue Covered 
Bonds and Issuer Cover Pools” below) and/or residential properties securing the Covered Bonds issued under 
the Programme may be located in Sweden, Norway or possibly in other countries in which the Issuer operates or 
will operate subject to the prior approval of the DFSA in the case of Category C Covered Bonds. Such real 
estate properties may be concentrated in certain locations such as densely populated and highly industrialised 
areas and any deterioration in prices in the residential or, as the case may be, commercial, real estate markets 
and any deterioration in the economic conditions in such areas may adversely affect the ability of the borrowers 
to make payments on the loans. The concentration of loans secured by residential or, as the case may be, 
commercial properties in such areas may, therefore, result in a greater risk of non-payment than if such 
concentration had not been present. 
To the extent that specific geographic regions have experienced or may experience in the future 
regional economic conditions and residential and/or commercial real estate markets that are weaker than other 
regions, a concentration of loans in such a region may increase the risk to the mortgage loans described herein. 
Moreover, such factors may have an impact on the value of the properties. If the residential or, as the 
case may be, commercial real estate markets in the countries where mortgaged properties are located experience 
an overall decline in property values, the value of the relevant pool of assets maintained by the Issuer being the 
Category C Cover Pool, the Category D Cover Pool or the Category I Cover Pool (together the “Issuer Cover 
Pool(s)” or each a “relevant Issuer Cover Pool”) could be significantly reduced and, may ultimately, result in 
losses allocable to the relevant Category of Covered Bonds should it be necessary to enforce the security granted 
in respect of such properties.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
Economic conditions in the relevant countries could have an adverse effect 
As the assets which make up the relevant Issuer Cover Pool may include loans secured by mortgages 
on (i) residential properties which may be located in Denmark in the case of Category D Covered Bonds, or in 
Sweden or Norway or possibly in other countries where the Issuer operates or will operate subject to prior 
approval of the DFSA in the case of Category I Covered Bonds or (ii) “commercial” and/or residential 
properties which may be located in Sweden and Norway or possibly in other countries in which the Issuer 
operates or will operate subject to the prior approval of the DFSA in the case of Category C Covered Bonds 
then, to the extent that these countries constitute a material part of the Issuer’s business, the values of the assets 
and the ability of the Issuer to continue to make timely payments on the relevant Category of Covered Bonds 
could be adversely affected by, among other things, adverse developments in the relevant economies and/or 
residential and/or, as the case may be, commercial real estate markets.  
Business risk factors could result in an adverse effect 
In relation to the loans in the relevant Issuer Cover Pool that are granted with mortgages as collateral, 
the credit risk may partly be related to the performance of (i) the residential real estate market in Denmark in the 
case of Category D Covered Bonds, or in Sweden or Norway and/or possibly in other countries where the Issuer 
operates or will operate subject to the prior approval of the DFSA in the case of Category I Covered Bonds or 
(ii) the “commercial” and/or residential real estate markets in Sweden and Norway or possibly in other countries 
in which the Issuer operates or will operate subject to the prior approval of the DFSA in the case of Category C 
Covered Bonds. There can be no guarantees regarding the future development of the value of the collateral. 
Should the prices of real property generally, and the residential and/or commercial real estate markets in 
particular, substantially decline, this could affect the Issuer’s financial position and, in turn, its ability to service 
the Covered Bonds. 
In particular, with respect to Category C Covered Bonds and Category I Covered Bonds, when security 
is enforced, a court order may be needed to establish the borrower’s obligation to pay and to enable a sale by 
executive measures. The Issuer’s ability to make use of the collateral with respect to Category C Covered Bonds 
and Category I Covered Bonds without the consent of the borrower may be dependent on the relevant court 
decision and the executive measures, on other relevant circumstances in the relevant mortgage market and on 
prevailing levels of demand for the relevant real property. 
There are many circumstances that affect the level of credit losses, early repayments, withdrawals and 
final payments of interest and principal amounts, such as changes in the economic climate, both nationally and 
internationally, and changes regarding taxation, interest rate developments, level of unemployment, inflation 
and/or the political environment. Borrowers may default as a result of interest rate increases or as a result of 
adverse developments in their own personal circumstances (for example, in respect of residential mortgages 
following redundancy or divorce and in respect of commercial mortgages, following insolvency of the borrower 
and/or insolvency of the tenant of the relevant commercial property and/or failure (for any reason) by such 
tenant to make rental payments in respect of such commercial property). 
Default in respect of the assets comprised in the relevant Issuer Cover Pool could jeopardise the 
Issuer’s ability to make payments in full or on a timely basis on the relevant Category of Covered Bonds. Risks 
attaching to the relevant Category of Covered Bonds as a result of default in respect of the assets in the relevant 
Issuer Cover Pool are reduced by a number of features of the Covered Bonds, including the ability of the Issuer 
to substitute assets to and from the relevant Issuer Cover Pool. However, if a material amount of assets in the 
relevant Issuer Cover Pool were to default, there is no guarantee that the required level of assets within the 
relevant Issuer Cover Pool could be maintained or that the Issuer would be in a position to substitute non-
defaulting assets for the defaulting assets.  
Risks relating to the Issuer 
The Group is exposed to a variety of risks, the most significant of which are credit risk, market risk, liquidity, 
funding and capital risk, insurance and pension risk, and non-financial risk. Non-financial risk consists of 
model risk, operational risk, technology risk, financial crime risk, conduct risk and financial control and 
strategic risk

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
The Danske Bank Group (the “Danske Bank Group” or the “Group”) is exposed to a number of risks, 
and manages them at different organisational levels. The principal risk categories are as follows: 
● 
Credit risk: The risk of losses because debtors or counterparties fail to meet all or part of their payment 
obligations to the Group. Credit risk includes counterparty credit risk.  
● 
Market risk: The risk of losses caused by changes in the market values of the Group’s financial assets, 
liabilities and off-balance-sheet items resulting from changes in market prices or rates. 
● 
Liquidity, funding and capital risk: The risk that the Group has to issue liabilities or own funds at 
excessive costs, is unable to pursue its business strategy due to balance sheet requirements and 
restrictions, or the Group ultimately cannot fulfill its payment obligations due to lack of funds. 
● 
Insurance and pension risk: The risk of losses related to Danica Pension, including market risk, life 
insurance risk and operational risk.  
● 
Non-financial risk: The risk of losses resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and 
systems or from external events, including legal risks. 
Failure to control these risks could result in adverse effects on the Issuer’s financial performance and 
reputation.  
Regulatory changes could materially affect the Issuer’s business 
The Issuer is subject to financial services laws, regulations, administrative actions and policies in 
Denmark and in each other jurisdiction in which the Issuer carries on business. Changes in supervision and 
regulation, in particular in Denmark, could materially affect the Issuer’s business, the products and services 
offered or the value of its assets. Although the Issuer works closely with its regulators and continually monitors 
the situation, future changes in regulation, fiscal or other policies can be unpredictable and are beyond the 
control of the Issuer. 
Various aspects of banking regulations are still under debate internationally, including inter alia, 
proposals to review standardised and internally modelled approaches for capital requirements for credit, market 
and operational risk (together with a proposed capital floor based on the revised standardised approaches for 
financial institutions using internal models) as well as proposals to increase a financial institution’s ability to 
absorb losses in a situation where it is deemed no longer viable. 
The Issuer is subject to risks as a result of implementation of the European Banking and Capital 
Markets Union. The Group has entities both within and outside the Eurozone. 
The Group operates in a legal and regulatory environment that exposes it to potentially significant litigation 
and regulatory risks 
The Group may become involved in various disputes and legal proceedings in Denmark and other 
jurisdictions, including litigation and regulatory investigations. The Group’s banking and other operations, 
including its insurance operations, like those of other financial services companies, have been the subject of 
regulatory scrutiny from time to time. For example, the Group is subject to applicable anti-money laundering 
and terrorist financing laws. The supervisory authorities conduct on-going inspections from time to time of the 
Group’s compliance with anti-money laundering (“AML”) legislation, sanctions, and terrorist financing laws, 
which can potentially lead to supervisory actions. 
On the basis of suspicions that the Issuer’s branch in Estonia may have been used for money 
laundering, the Group launched investigations into the non-resident portfolio at its Estonian branch between 
2007 and 2015. The conclusion of a root cause analysis was that several deficiencies in the period from 2007 to

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
2015 led to the Estonian branch not being sufficiently effective in preventing it from potentially being used for 
money laundering. As a result, the Group, as reported in a press release of 21 September 2017, chose to expand 
its investigation to cover customers and transactions in the non-resident portfolio at the Estonian branch in that 
period. The Board of Directors ordered the investigations, which were led by the Bruun & Hjejle law firm. The 
portfolio investigation, which is still ongoing, covers around 15,000 customers and 9.5 million payments. 
Finding and reporting any suspicious activities is of primary concern, and the Issuer continues to report to the 
relevant authorities. The Issuer will report to the market via the usual channels in accordance with normal 
practice. 
The Issuer also expanded the investigation to look into similar transactions elsewhere as required. The 
purpose was to report any previously unreported suspicious activity to the authorities and to get a full 
understanding of historical activity in the portfolio. Moreover, the Issuer believed it essential for the Group to 
get full insight into the matter and use this insight to prevent something similar from happening in the future.  
The Issuer has continuous dialogues with the supervisory authorities in the markets where the Issuer is 
active. As part of such dialogue, the Issuer has also discussed the AML matters at the Estonian branch, and the 
findings of the Issuer’s “Report on the Non-Resident Portfolio at Danske Bank’s Estonian branch” as published 
on 19 September 2018 (the “Report”) and several other authorities have asked questions pertaining to the 
Issuer’s alleged involvement in the so-called “Russian Laundromat” and “Azerbaijan Laundromat” and the 
findings of the Report. In Denmark, supervisory orders and reprimands are publicly available. 
In a separate matter, on 24 June 2019, the Issuer announced that customers who had invested in the 
Flexinvest Fri product (“Flexinvest Fri”) during a certain period had paid fees that were too high. This was a 
result of a number of management decisions taken in 2017 to change fees relating to Flexinvest Fri in 
connection with the implementation of MIFID II in 2017. At the time, interest rates were low, and the expected 
returns were similarly low. The aforementioned management decisions caused the fees relating to Flexinvest Fri 
to be set at too high a level in relation to the expected returns. This meant that fees were set at too high a level 
for all customers, and for some customers, this made the product unsuitable. As a result, all customers who 
invested in Flexinvest Fri during the period in question will receive compensation from the Issuer before the end 
of 2019. 
On 30 August 2019, the DFSA issued a decision containing a number of orders. The Issuer has taken 
note of the orders and will take the steps necessary to ensure compliance with them. The DFSA has also filed a 
criminal complaint against the Issuer. At this stage, the Issuer has not been charged. 
The Issuer’s press release can be found on the following website: https://danskebank.com/news-and-
insights/news-archive/news/2019/30082019. The aforementioned DFSA orders can be found on the following 
website: https://www.dfsa.dk/en/News/Press-releases/2019/DanskeBank_flexinvest.  
Disputes and legal proceedings generally are subject to many uncertainties, and their outcomes are 
often difficult to predict, particularly in the earlier stages of a case or investigation. Adverse regulatory action or 
adverse judgments in litigation could result in reputational harm, fines or restrictions or limitations on the 
Group’s operations, any of which could result in a material adverse effect on the Group’s financial condition. 
The timing of completion of the investigations by, and subsequent discussions with, the authorities is uncertain, 
as is the outcome. Further information on specific legal proceedings and developments in relation to the AML 
matters at the Estonian branch and the matters in respect of Flexinvest Fri are included in the section “Legal and 
Regulatory Proceedings” on page 145 of the Base Prospectus.  
The Issuer faces increased capital requirements as a result of the finalisation of the Basel III Framework  
In June 2019, the European Union Banking reform package (the “EU Banking Reform”) and the final 
legal text (the “CRD V Directive”) were adopted as part of the finalisation of the Basel III framework and its 
implementation in the European Union. The adopted package amends Regulation No. 575/2013 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms (the

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
“CRR”) and Directive (2013/36/EU) of the European Parliament and of the Council (the “CRD IV Directive”). 
The amendments include, inter alia, changes to the counterparty credit risk framework, introduction of a formal 
minimum leverage ratio requirement and a net stable funding ratio (“NSFR”) requirement, revisions to the Pillar 
2 framework, transition of International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) 9 Financial Instruments and its 
impact on capital ratios and revisions to the framework concerning interest rate risk in the banking book 
(“IRRBB”). The transition of IFRS 9 was fast-tracked and the changes were applicable from 1 January 2018. 
Fully phased-in in 2023, IFRS 9 will have a limited effect on the Group’s capital ratios resulting in an expected 
reduction of 0.2 per cent. of the Group’s common equity tier 1 (“CET1”) ratio. The majority of the changes to 
the CRR will apply from 28 June 2021 although certain changes (for example, those related to own funds and 
eligible liabilities) applied as of 28 June 2019. Based on the adopted legislative texts, the package has been 
assessed to have limited capital and risk exposure amount (“REA”) impact on the Group. The finalisation of the 
related level 2 regulation could result in further requirements on the Issuer. Further, an EU Commission review 
of the 3 per cent. minimum leverage ratio requirement could result in a systemically important financial 
institution (“SIFI”) add-on to the Group.  
In December 2017, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the “BCBS”) published revised 
standards for measuring credit and operational risk, constraints on the use of internal model approaches and the 
possible implementation of a broad REA floor based on the standardised approaches for measuring credit, 
market and operational risk. The amendments of the Basel standards are expected to increase the Group’s REA, 
but it is still too early to firmly assess the effects of the changes as the political process to implement the 
recommendations in the European Union has not yet been initiated, and the final outcome is subject to 
substantial uncertainty. The stipulations of European Union legislation are not expected to be fully known until 
late 2020 at the earliest.  
On 12 March 2018, the European Commission published its legislative covered bond package 
consisting of a proposal for a directive on covered bonds which lays down the conditions that covered bonds 
have to respect in order to be recognised under European Union law. Political agreement on the covered bonds 
package was reached in the second quarter of 2019, and the package is expected to be adopted in the fourth 
quarter of 2019. The package includes a new requirement on a minimum level of cover pool 
overcollateralisation and a cover pool liquidity requirement on the Group’s cover pools.  
Until fully implemented, the Issuer cannot predict the precise effects of the changes that result from the 
implementation of Basel III, the CRD V Directive and the covered bond package on its own financial 
performance or the impact on the pricing of its Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. Prospective 
investors in Covered Bonds should consult their own advisers as to the consequences of the implementation of 
Basel III, the CRD V Directive and the covered bond package. 
The Council of the European Union has adopted a bank recovery and resolution directive which is intended to 
enable a range of actions to be taken in relation to credit institutions and investment firms considered to be at 
risk of failing. Should the Group enter into resolution this could, in certain limited circumstances, ultimately 
entail the bail-in of any Covered Bonds 
The European Union-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms (Directive 2014/59/EU) (the “BRRD”) and its national implementation ultimately implies the 
risk of bail-in of the Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer if the Group were to enter into resolution, and the 
relevant resolution authority chose to apply the bail-in tool.  
The general bail-in tool is not intended to apply to secured debt (such as the Covered Bonds). However, 
to the extent that claims in relation to the relevant Category of Covered Bonds are not met out of the assets of 
the relevant Issuer Cover Pool (“Residual Claims”) or the proceeds arising from it, the Residual Claims may be 
subject to write-down or conversion into equity on an application of the general bail-in tool, which may result in 
Covered Bondholders losing some or all of their investment. In the limited circumstances described above, the 
exercise of any power under the BRRD or any suggestion of such exercise could, therefore, materially adversely 
affect the rights of Covered Bondholders, the price or value of their investment in any relevant Covered Bonds

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any relevant Covered Bonds. Prospective investors 
in Covered Bonds should consult their own advisors as to the consequences of the implementation of the BRRD. 
The BRRD is further explained in the section “Description of the Danske Bank Group” on page 150 of the Base 
Prospectus. 
The Group will have to pay additional amounts under resolution funds or deposit guarantee schemes 
In Denmark and other jurisdictions, deposit guarantee schemes and similar funds (“Deposit Guarantee 
Schemes”) have been implemented from which compensation for deposits may become payable to customers of 
financial services firms in the event a financial services firm is unable to pay, or unlikely to pay, claims against 
it. In most jurisdictions in which the Group operates, these Deposit Guarantee Schemes and resolution funds are 
funded, directly or indirectly, by financial services firms which operate and/or are licensed in the relevant 
jurisdiction. The future target level of funds to be accumulated in Deposit Guarantee Schemes and resolution 
funds across different European Union countries may exceed the minimum target levels provided for in the 
BRRD, Directive 2014/49/EC (the “revised Deposit Guarantee Schemes Directive”) and in Regulation 
2014/806/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure 
for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution 
Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation 1093/2010/EC (the “SRM”) (the latter of 
which will be relevant for Danish credit institutions should Denmark choose to participate in the Banking 
Union, which includes the SRM).  
Through participation in the Deposit Guarantee Fund for Depositors and Investors (the “Danish 
Guarantee Fund”), Danish credit institutions undertake to cover losses incurred on covered deposits held with 
distressed credit institutions. The Danish Guarantee Fund’s capital must amount to at least 0.8 per cent. of the 
covered deposits of all Danish credit institutions by 31 December 2024. The Danish Guarantee Fund is currently 
fully funded, but if the fund subsequently does not have sufficient means to make the required payments, 
extraordinary contributions of up to 0.5 per cent. of the individual institution’s covered deposits may be 
required. Extraordinary contributions above this percentage require the consent of the DFSA. If the Danish 
Guarantee Fund’s capital falls below two-thirds of the minimum amount (0.8 per cent. of covered deposits), the 
Danish Guarantee Fund must reach the target level again within six years. 
The Issuer, Realkredit Danmark and other Danish financial institutions must make contributions to the 
Danish resolution fund on the basis of the amount of their respective liabilities (excluding own funds) less 
covered deposits and risks relative to other financial institutions in Denmark. The assets of the Danish resolution 
fund must equal at least 1 per cent. of the covered deposits of all Danish financial institutions by 31 December 
2024. The first contributions to the Danish resolution fund were paid in the fourth quarter of 2015. The intention 
is for losses to be covered by the annual contributions made by the participating financial institutions. 
Consequently, if the Danish resolution fund does not have sufficient means, extraordinary contributions of up to 
three times the latest annual contributions may be required.  
In addition, the Issuer’s international subsidiaries contribute to national deposit guarantee schemes and 
resolution funds to the extent required. 
The Group may be affected by economic and geopolitical conditions in the countries in which it operates 
The financial services industry generally prospers in conditions of economic growth, stable geopolitical 
conditions, capital markets that are transparent, liquid and buoyant, and positive investor sentiment. Each of the 
Group’s operating segments is affected by general economic and geopolitical conditions, which can cause the 
Group’s results of operations and financial position to fluctuate from year to year as well as on a long-term 
basis. The Group’s performance is in particular significantly influenced by the general economic conditions of 
the countries in which it operates, in particular the Nordic markets (Denmark, Sweden, Norway and Finland) 
and Northern Ireland.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
Since 2014, Denmark has experienced annual GDP growth close to 2 per cent., and a sustained increase 
in employment. Due to an accounting decision in Statistics Denmark that caused a one-off increase in GDP by 
0.4 per cent. in 2017, the growth rate from 2016 to 2017 was larger, and correspondingly the growth rate from 
2017 to 2018 was smaller than it otherwise would have been. This, combined with a poor harvest, resulted in a 
lower GDP growth rate in 2018 of 1.5 per cent. against 2.3 per cent. in 2017 (with 0.4 percentage points of this 
being due to the accounting decision). However, the underlying progress of the economy, as indicated by 
employment growth, continued. Growth in Sweden accelerated to 4.4 per cent. in 2015 supported by private 
consumption and housing investment. Growth has since moderated to 2.4 per cent. in 2017 and 2018 as housing 
investment has declined. Preliminary indicators for 2019 show a further slowdown in growth and an increase in 
unemployment. Norway was negatively affected by the decline in oil prices in 2014, but did not experience an 
actual recession and is now recovering from a period of low growth, as oil-related investment has recovered. 
Finland suffered 3 years of declining GDP due to, among other things, declining exports to Russia, and a need to 
tighten fiscal policy. Since 2015, growth has accelerated and reached 3 per cent in 2017, driven primarily by 
investments and an increase in private consumption, before slowing to 1.7 per cent in 2018. 
Across the Nordic countries, growth has been sustained by increasing private consumption in the years 
since the financial crisis. In Denmark and Sweden real wages have grown due to low inflation, and employment 
has increased. Norway has experienced higher inflation following the depreciation of the Norwegian Kroner, but 
real wage increases have remained positive. In Finland, real wages decreased in 2017 due to, among other 
things, an internal devaluation in the shape of a one-year wage freeze. However, real wages increased again in 
2018, and low inflation and interest rates, combined with an income tax cut, have kept private consumption 
going strong. Years of rapid house price increases in Sweden and Norway have been replaced by a sharp 
reversal, especially in Sweden where prices decreased significantly in the second half of 2017 and have been 
broadly stable since. In Sweden, where residential investments are an important growth driver, the Issuer 
expects overall growth will be negatively affected as household finances and the finances of construction-related 
businesses have weakened and house prices may well decline further. Norwegian house prices declined in the 
first half of 2017 led by lower prices in Oslo as supply of new housing has increased and access to mortgage 
financing has been limited by regulatory measures. Since then, prices have increased again and are now above 
their pre-decline level, on average. As Nordic countries are small, open economies, they are sensitive to 
disruptions in the global economy or the free flow of goods and services. Very accommodating central bank 
monetary policy and low interest rates have had, and continue to have, an impact on the Group’s net interest 
income. Adverse economic developments have affected and will continue to affect the Group’s business in a 
number of ways, including, among others, the income, wealth, liquidity, business and/or financial condition of 
the Group’s customers, particularly its small- and medium-sized enterprise (“SME”) customers, which, in turn, 
could further reduce the Group’s credit quality (resulting in increased impairment charges) and demand for the 
Group’s financial products and services. As a result, any or all of the conditions described above could continue 
to have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial position, and 
measures implemented by the Group might not be satisfactory to reduce any credit, market and liquidity risks. 
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market and other risks associated with 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Covered Bonds 
 
A wide range of Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Covered 
Bonds may have features which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of 
the most common such features: 
Covered Bonds are obligations of the Issuer only 
The Covered Bonds will constitute obligations of the Issuer which have the benefit of a statutory 
preference under the Danish Covered Bond Legislation in respect of the relevant Issuer Cover Pool. An 
investment in any of the Category C Covered Bonds, Category D Covered Bonds or the Category I Covered 
Bonds involves a reliance on the assets of the relevant Issuer Cover Pool and the creditworthiness of the Issuer.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
The Covered Bonds are not guaranteed by any member of the Danske Bank Group or by any other person. In 
addition, an investment in the Covered Bonds involves the risk that subsequent changes in the actual or 
perceived creditworthiness of the Issuer may adversely affect the market value of the relevant Covered Bonds.  
Category C Covered Bonds 
Category C Covered Bonds shall have the benefit of a statutory preference under the Danish Covered 
Bond Legislation in respect of the Category C Cover Pool which shall include, inter alia, loans secured by 
mortgages over “commercial” and/or residential properties which may be located in Sweden, Norway or 
possibly in other countries in which the Issuer operates or will operate subject to the prior approval of the 
DFSA. There remains a risk that borrowers of such loans retain a residual right under, inter alia, the relevant 
local legislation, to set-off claims against the Issuer against the amount outstanding under their relevant loans. 
There is a risk that the amounts available within the Category C Cover Pool to repay the Category C Covered 
Bondholders will be decreased by the exercise of this right of set-off (see also “Issuer’s Licence to issue 
Covered Bonds and Issuer Cover Pools” below).  
 
To the extent that there may be adverse changes to the relevant “commercial” and/or residential real 
estate market(s) in Sweden and Norway or economy/ies generally (see “Risks relating to the mortgage loan 
business and the relevant real estate markets and economies” above) this may have a negative effect on the 
Category C Covered Bonds. 
Category D Covered Bonds 
Category D Covered Bonds shall have the benefit of a statutory preference under the Danish Covered 
Bond Legislation in respect of the Category D Cover Pool which shall include, inter alia, loans secured by 
mortgages over residential properties located only in Denmark. To the extent that there may be adverse changes 
to the Danish residential real estate market or economy generally (see “Risks relating to the mortgage loan 
business and the relevant real estate markets and economies” above) this may have a negative effect on the 
Category D Covered Bonds. 
In relation to loans secured by mortgages that are contained in the Category D Cover Pool, borrowers 
have contractually agreed with the Issuer that they have no right of set-off against the relevant loans. However, 
notwithstanding this waiver, under Danish law there remains a risk that where a borrower who is also a 
depositor with the Issuer demands repayment of its deposit immediately prior to the bankruptcy of the Issuer and 
this demand is not met, the borrower might be permitted to exercise a right of set-off against the amount due 
under the relevant loan. To the extent that a borrower is able to exercise such right, assets available for Covered 
Bondholders in the Category D Cover Pool will be reduced. 
According to the Danish Covered Bond Legislation, an administrator that has been appointed in the 
event of insolvency of the Issuer or revocation of the Issuer’s Covered Bonds Licence will in certain 
circumstances have the possibility of extending the maturity of the covered bonds by up to one year at a time. In 
such a case the administrator will set the interest rate, based on a reference rate that is comparable to the relevant 
covered bond, using a floating reference rate plus a margin of up to five percentage points. This option applies 
only to Category D Covered Bonds issued after 1 January 2015. Thus there is a risk that the maturity of 
Category D Covered Bonds issued after 1 January 2015 will be extended by up to one year at a time in the event 
of insolvency of the Issuer or revocation of the Issuer’s Covered Bonds Licence, and in such case this will not 
result in any right of the Covered Bondholders to accelerate payments or take action against the administrator, 
and no payment will be payable to the Covered Bondholders in that event other than as set out in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds as completed by the relevant Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Covered 
Bonds only) as completed and/or amended and/or replaced by the relevant Pricing Supplement. See also 
“Overview of Danish Legislation Relating to Covered Bonds” below. 
Category I Covered Bonds  
Category I Covered Bonds shall have the benefit of a statutory preference under the Danish Covered 
Bond Legislation in respect of the relevant Issuer Cover Pool. The Category I Cover Pool shall include, inter

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
alia, loans secured by mortgages over residential properties which may be located in Sweden or Norway or 
possibly in other countries where the Issuer operates or will operate subject to the prior approval of the DFSA. 
There remains a risk that borrowers of such loans retain a residual right under, inter alia, the relevant local 
consumer legislation, to set-off claims against the Issuer against the amount outstanding under their relevant 
loans. There is a risk that the amounts available within the relevant Issuer Cover Pool to repay the relevant 
Category of Covered Bondholders will be decreased by the exercise of this right of set-off (see also “Issuer’s 
Licence to issue Covered Bonds and Issuer Cover Pools” below).  
 
To the extent that there may be adverse changes to the relevant residential real estate market(s) or 
economy/ies generally (see “Risks relating to the mortgage loan business and the relevant real estate markets 
and economies” above) this may have a negative effect on the Category I Covered Bonds. 
There are risks relating to other assets contained in the Issuer Cover Pools 
 
Under the Danish Covered Bond Legislation and the CRR the Issuer is permitted to include certain 
categories of assets in the Issuer Cover Pools other than loans secured by mortgages over real estate, derivative 
contracts and Senior Debt (as defined in “Overview of Danish Legislation Relating to Covered Bonds”). To the 
extent that these other assets may be located in jurisdictions other than those specified for each relevant 
Category of Covered Bonds or may be instruments issued by other financial institutions, they may be subject to 
country and credit risk different from that outlined for each relevant Category of Covered Bonds. There can be 
no guarantee as to the future development of the value of the other assets. Should the value of these other assets 
decrease, this may adversely affect the value of the relevant Issuer Cover Pool.  
Overcollateralisation and ratings 
 
As described in “Issuer’s Licence to issue Covered Bonds and Issuer Cover Pools” below, it is the 
current intention of the management of the Issuer to maintain a certain level of Overcollateralisation (as defined 
in “Issuer’s Licence to issue Covered Bonds and Issuer Cover Pools” below). The rating(s) of the relevant 
Covered Bonds are based on an assumption of Overcollateralisation; if the level of Overcollateralisation is not 
maintained, the rating of the relevant Covered Bonds may change from time to time. To the extent that the 
relevant Issuer Cover Pool rating(s) are not maintained, this could have an impact on the market value of an 
investment in the relevant Covered Bonds, in particular on the secondary market value of such Covered Bonds. 
For further detail regarding Overcollateralisation, see “Issuer’s Licence to issue Covered Bonds and Issuer 
Cover Pools” below. 
There is a general right of clawback 
 
The Issuer currently intends, in certain circumstances, to add additional assets into the relevant Issuer 
Cover Pool to further protect investors’ interests (see above). Under Danish Law, should the Issuer go into 
bankruptcy less than three months after such additional collateral has been added to the relevant Issuer Cover 
Pool, there is a risk that other creditors of the Issuer will seek to challenge such addition of assets into the 
relevant Issuer Cover Pool on the basis that the Covered Bondholders have been preferred over the Issuer’s 
ordinary creditors. Should such challenge be successful there will be fewer assets available for Covered 
Bondholders in the relevant Issuer Cover Pool.  
The Issuer may be reliant on payments from Swap Providers in certain circumstances 
 
The Issuer may enter into derivative contracts with hedge counterparties to hedge interest rate risk, 
foreign exchange risk, liquidity risk or other risks (see “Overview of Key Derivative Contract Provisions”). If a 
hedge counterparty defaults in its obligation to make payments under a derivative contract, the Issuer will be 
exposed to changes in interest rates, currency exchange rates, liquidity concerns or other risks (as applicable). 
Unless a replacement derivative contract is entered into, the Issuer may have insufficient funds to make 
payments due on the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
The Covered Bonds are issued subject to applicable law 
Although the Covered Bonds are governed by the Danish Covered Bond Legislation, the loans and 
mortgages that form part of the assets in the relevant Issuer Cover Pool will be governed by laws from a number 
of different countries, including laws relating to local mandatory consumer protection, the right to enforce 
mortgages as well as the right to repossess and dispose of the relevant property. To the extent that such laws 
may restrict, limit, hinder or even prohibit certain actions in respect of the enforcement of the loans and 
mortgages in the relevant Issuer Cover Pool, there is a risk that the ability of an administrator to realise the 
assets in the relevant Issuer Cover Pool may be delayed or may result in an increase in the costs of enforcement 
that may ultimately lead to a reduced return to the relevant Covered Bondholders. 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Covered Bonds at its option, this may limit the market value of the 
Covered Bonds concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner 
which achieves a similar effective return  
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Covered Bonds. During any period 
when the Issuer may elect to redeem Covered Bonds, the market value of such Covered Bonds generally will not 
rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption 
period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Covered Bonds when its cost of borrowing is lower than the 
interest rate on the Covered Bonds. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Covered Bonds being 
redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider 
reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Covered Bonds linked to or 
referencing such “benchmarks” 
 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (such as, in the case of Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds, a Reference Rate), are the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and 
proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. 
These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have 
other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on 
any Covered Bonds linked to or referencing such a “benchmark”. The Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject 
to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark 
and the use of a benchmark within the European Union. It, among other things, (i) requires benchmark 
administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-European Union-based, to be subject to an equivalent 
regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by European Union supervised 
entities (such as the Issuer) of “benchmarks” of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-
European Union based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Covered Bonds linked to or 
referencing a “benchmark”, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are changed in 
order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, 
have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the 
“relevant benchmark”. 
 
 
More broadly, any of the national or international reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny 
of “benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of 
a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the following 
effects on certain “benchmarks”: (i) discourage market participants from continuing to administer or contribute 
to the “benchmark”; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the “benchmark” or (iii) lead to 
the disappearance of the “benchmark”. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result 
of national or international reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on 
the value of and return on any Covered Bonds linked to or referencing a “benchmark”.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation reforms in making any investment decision with respect 
to any Covered Bonds linked to or referencing a “benchmark”. 
Future discontinuance of certain benchmark rates (for example, LIBOR or EURIBOR) may adversely affect the 
value of Floating Rate Covered Bonds which reference any such benchmark rate 
 
On 27 July 2017, the Chief Executive of the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority (the 
“FCA”), which regulates LIBOR, announced that it does not intend to continue to persuade, or use its powers to 
compel, panel banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR to the administrator of LIBOR after 2021. The 
announcement indicates that the continuation of LIBOR on the current basis is not guaranteed after 2021. It is 
not possible to predict whether, and to what extent, panel banks will continue to provide LIBOR submissions to 
the administrator of LIBOR going forwards. This may cause LIBOR to perform differently than it did in the past 
and may have other consequences which cannot be predicted. 
 
Investors should be aware that, if a benchmark rate were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate 
of interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds which reference such benchmark rate will be determined for the 
relevant period by the fall-back provisions applicable to such Covered Bonds. The Terms and Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark, such as 
LIBOR, (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor service)) becomes 
unavailable. 
 
If the circumstances described in the preceding paragraph occur and (other than in the case of German 
Registered Covered Bonds) Reference Rate Replacement is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement as being applicable and Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement as the manner in which the rate of interest is to be determined (any such Covered Bonds, 
“Relevant Covered Bonds”), such fallback arrangements will include the possibility that: 
(A) 
the relevant rate of interest (or, as applicable, a component thereof) could be set or, as the case may be, 
determined by reference to a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) determined by the Issuer (following consultation with an Independent Adviser (if any)); and 
(B) 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) may be adjusted (if 
required) by the Issuer (following consultation with an Independent Adviser (if any)) in order to reduce 
or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or 
benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with 
the Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), 
in any such case, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as described more fully in the 
Terms and Conditions of the Relevant Covered Bonds. 
In addition, the Issuer (following consultation with an Independent Adviser (if any)) may also 
determine (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) that other amendments to the Terms 
and Conditions of the Covered Bonds (other than German Registered Covered Bonds) are necessary in order to 
follow market practice in relation to the relevant successor rate or alternative rate (as applicable) and to ensure 
the proper operation of the relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable).   
 
No consent of the Covered Bondholders shall be required in connection with effecting any relevant 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) or any other related adjustments and/or 
amendments described above. 
 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, no Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate is determined, the ultimate fallback for determining the rate of interest for a particular Interest 
Period or Interest Accrual Period (as applicable)) may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
Period or Interest Accrual Period (as applicable) being used. This may result in the effective application of a 
fixed rate for Floating Rate Covered Bonds based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen 
Page for the purposes of determining the rate of interest in respect of an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual 
Period (as applicable). In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Reference 
Rates and Alternative Reference Rates, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the 
relevant time. 
 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such 
Covered Bonds. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence 
of any relevant rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds. Investors should note that, in the case of Relevant Covered Bonds, the Issuer 
(following consultation with an Independent Adviser (if applicable)) will have discretion to adjust the relevant 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) in the circumstances described above. 
Any such adjustment could have unexpected commercial consequences and there can be no assurance that, due 
to the particular circumstances of each Covered Bondholder, any such adjustment will be favourable to each 
Covered Bondholder. 
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference rate 
On 29 November 2017, the Bank of England and the FCA announced that the Bank of England’s 
Working Group on Sterling Risk-Free Rates has been mandated with implementing a broad-based transition to 
the Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) over the next four years across sterling bond, loan and 
derivative markets, so that SONIA is established as the primary sterling interest rate benchmark by the end of 
2021. Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference rate in 
the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to Sterling LIBOR. In particular, market participants and 
relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on SONIA, including term SONIA 
reference rates (which seek to measure the market’s forward expectation of an average SONIA rate over a 
designated term). The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions and used in relation to relevant Covered Bonds that 
reference a SONIA rate issued under this Base Prospectus.  
The Issuer may in the future also issue Covered Bonds referencing SONIA that differ materially in 
terms of interest determination when compared with any previous SONIA referenced Covered Bonds issued by 
it under this Base Prospectus. The development of Compounded Daily SONIA as an interest reference rate for 
the Eurobond markets, as well as continued development of SONIA based rates for such markets and the market 
infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise 
affect the market price of any SONIA referenced Covered Bonds issued under this Base Prospectus from time to 
time. 
Furthermore, the Rate of Interest on Covered Bonds which reference Compounded Daily SONIA is 
only capable of being determined at the end of the relevant Observation Period and immediately prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Covered Bonds which reference 
Compounded Daily SONIA to estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on such Covered 
Bonds, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Covered Bonds without changes to their IT 
systems, both of which factors could adversely impact the liquidity of such Covered Bonds.  
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA reference rates in the covered bond 
markets may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA in other markets, such as 
the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption 
of SONIA reference rates across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which 
they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Covered Bonds referencing 
Compounded Daily SONIA.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
Further, if SONIA does not prove to be widely used in securities like the Covered Bonds, the trading 
price of such Covered Bonds linked to SONIA may be lower than those of Covered Bonds linked to indices that 
are more widely used. Investors in such Covered Bonds may not be able to sell such Covered Bonds at all or 
may not be able to sell such Covered Bonds at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing 
volatility and market risk.  
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds have certain risks 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds are Covered Bonds which bear interest at a rate that converts from 
a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, 
and any conversion of the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such 
Covered Bonds as the change of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Covered Bondholders. 
Where the Covered Bonds convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds tied to the same Reference Rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates 
on other Covered Bonds. Where the Covered Bonds convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate 
may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Covered Bonds and could affect the market value of an 
investment in the relevant Covered Bonds. 
Covered Bonds issued at a substantial discount or premium have certain risks 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount 
tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-
bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as 
compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Extendable obligations under the Covered Bonds give rise to certain risks 
The relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement will provide that an Extended Maturity Date applies to 
each Series of Covered Bonds unless to do so would result in the Issuer being unable to obtain the relevant 
credit rating(s) from the relevant rating agencies appointed by the Issuer at the relevant time in respect of a 
Series of Covered Bonds. 
The extension of the maturity of the principal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds from the 
Maturity Date to the Extended Maturity Date will not result in any right of the Covered Bondholders to 
accelerate payments or take action against the Issuer, and no payment will be payable to the Covered 
Bondholders in that event other than as set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds as completed 
by the relevant Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Covered Bonds only) as completed and/or amended 
and/or replaced by the relevant Pricing Supplement. See also “Category D Covered Bonds” above regarding an 
administrator’s right to extend the Maturity Date for Category D Covered Bonds. 
In respect of any Covered Bonds issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a ‘Green Covered Bond’, there 
can be no assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor 
 
The relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement relating to any specific Series of Covered Bonds may 
provide that it will be the Issuer’s intention to apply the proceeds from an offer of those Covered Bonds 
specifically for Green Loans (as defined in “Use of Proceeds” below) that promote climate-friendly and other 
environmental purposes (including, inter alia, funding existing mortgages in the relevant Issuer Cover Pool 
and/or to acquire mortgages in connection with such climate-friendly and environmental purposes and/or 
secured over energy efficient buildings (such mortgage loans, “Green Mortgage Loans”)) (Covered Bonds 
issued thereunder to be referred to as “Green Covered Bonds”). Prospective investors should note that Green 
Mortgage Loans may be included in the relevant Issuer Cover Pool along with other mortgage loans and/or other 
assets that are not Green Mortgage Loans. Accordingly, prospective investors will have a claim against the 
entire relevant Issuer Cover Pool and will not have a preferential claim on the Green Mortgage Loans ahead of 
investors in non-Green Covered Bonds. Prospective investors should have regard to the information in this Base

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
Prospectus and/or the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement regarding such use of proceeds and must 
determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Green 
Covered Bonds together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. In particular no assurance 
is given by the Issuer or the Dealers that the use of such proceeds for any Green Loans will satisfy, whether in 
whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria 
or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or 
future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio 
mandates (in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any 
projects or uses, the subject of or related to, the relevant Green Loans). Furthermore, it should be noted that 
there is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to 
what constitutes, a “green” or “sustainable” or an equivalently-labelled loan or as to what precise attributes are 
required for a particular loan to be defined as “green” or “sustainable” or such other equivalent label nor can any 
assurance be given that such a clear definition or consensus will develop over time. Accordingly, no assurance is 
or can be given to investors that any loans or uses the subject of, or related to, any Green Loans will meet any or 
all investor expectations regarding such “green”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled performance 
objectives or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the 
implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Green Loans. The Issuer has published a 
framework relating to an investment in Green Loans which is available on the Issuer’s website 
(www.danskebank.com).  
 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of 
any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may or may not be 
made available in connection with the issue of any Green Covered Bonds and in particular with any Green 
Loans to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any 
such opinion or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base 
Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the 
Issuer, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Green Covered Bonds. Any such opinion or 
certification is only current as of the date that opinion was issued. Prospective investors must determine for 
themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the 
provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in such Green Covered Bonds. 
Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific oversight or 
regulatory or other regime. 
 
In the event that any such Green Covered Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated 
“green”, “environmental”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or 
securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Dealers or 
any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future 
investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor 
or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by 
its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any 
direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related 
to, any Green Loans. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to 
trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or 
assurance given or made by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that any such listing or admission to 
trading will be obtained in respect of any such Green Covered Bonds or, if obtained, that any such listing or 
admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Green Covered Bonds. 
 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Green Covered Bonds in, or 
substantially in, the manner described in this Base Prospectus and/or the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, there can be no assurance that the relevant loan(s) or use(s) which are the subject of, or related to, 
any Green Loans will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance 
with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally disbursed for the specified Green 
Loans. Nor can there be any assurance that such Green Loans will be completed within any specified period or

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or 
anticipated by the Issuer. 
 
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Green Covered Bonds for any Green 
Loans, as aforesaid, will not constitute an event of default under the relevant Green Covered Bonds. The 
withdrawal of any opinion or certification as described above, or any such opinion or certification attesting that 
the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification is 
opining or certifying on, and/or any such Green Covered Bonds no longer being listed or admitted to trading on 
any stock exchange or securities market, as aforesaid, may have a material adverse effect on the value of such 
Green Covered Bonds, and also potentially the value of any other Green Covered Bonds which are intended to 
finance Green Loans, and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to 
invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Covered Bonds may never be established or may be illiquid and 
this would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell its Covered Bonds 
 
Covered Bonds may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a 
market does develop, it may not be liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Covered Bonds 
easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market. This is particularly the case for Covered Bonds that are especially sensitive to interest rate, 
currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to 
meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Covered Bonds generally 
would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. 
Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Covered Bonds. See also “The Group may 
be affected by general economic and geopolitical conditions” above. 
If an investor holds Covered Bonds which are not denominated in the investor’s home currency, it will be 
exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of its holding. In addition, the imposition 
of exchange controls in relation to any Covered Bonds could result in an investor not receiving payments on 
those Covered Bonds 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Covered Bonds in the Specified Currency. This 
presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated 
principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These 
include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the 
Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over 
the Investor’s Currency or Specified Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the 
value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor’s Currency-
equivalent yield on the Covered Bonds, (ii) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on 
the Covered Bonds and (iii) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of the Covered Bonds. 
Governmental and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect 
of the Covered Bonds. As a result, investors in the Covered Bonds may receive less interest or principal than 
expected, or no interest or principal as measured in the Investor’s Currency. 
The value of Fixed Rate Covered Bonds may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Covered Bonds involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently 
increase above the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed 
Rate Covered Bonds.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer, the relevant Issuer Cover Pool or any Covered Bonds may not reflect all 
the risks associated with an investment in those Covered Bonds and may be lowered, withdrawn or not 
maintained 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer, the relevant 
Issuer Cover Pool, and/or the Covered Bonds. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related 
to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the 
Covered Bonds or the standing of the Issuer.  
The expected rating(s), if any, of the Covered Bonds will be set out in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement for each Series of Covered Bonds. Any rating agency may lower its rating or withdraw its 
rating if, in the sole judgement of the rating agency, the credit quality of the Covered Bonds has declined or is in 
question. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended 
or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
There is no guarantee that any rating of the Issuer, the relevant Issuer Cover Pool and/or the Covered 
Bonds will be maintained by the Issuer following the date of this Base Prospectus. If any rating assigned to the 
Issuer, the relevant Issuer Cover Pool and/or the Covered Bonds is revised lower, suspended, withdrawn or not 
maintained by the Issuer, the market value of the Covered Bonds may be reduced. 
Risks related to Covered Bonds generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Covered Bonds generally: 
There are no events of default 
The Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds do not include any events of default relating to the 
Issuer, thus Covered Bondholders cannot accelerate the Covered Bonds. Covered Bondholders will only be paid 
the scheduled interest payments under the Covered Bonds as and when they fall due under the Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds. The absence of any events of default from the Terms and Conditions may 
make it less likely that the Covered Bondholders will recoup their investment in full in the event that the Issuer 
experiences financial distress. 
German Registered Covered Bonds are only issued in definitive form 
German Registered Covered Bonds are issued in definitive form. In the case of securities in definitive 
form, there is a risk that a Covered Bondholder could lose the certificate evidencing that Covered Bondholder’s 
rights. They are not negotiable and there is no protection of bona fide purchasers in the secondary market. 
German Registered Covered Bonds will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by a listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. It is uncertain whether there will be a liquid secondary 
market. A Covered Bondholder may not be able to sell its German Registered Covered Bonds easily or at prices 
that will provide it with a yield comparable to a similar investment that has developed in a secondary market. 
German Registered Covered Bonds are not cleared through a clearing system. Instead, transfer of title occurs by 
assignment upon the fulfilment of certain procedural requirements and will be recorded manually by the German 
Registered Covered Bonds Registrar, which may lead to delays when effecting transfers. Holders of German 
Registered Covered Bonds have to rely on the procedures of the German Registered Covered Bonds Registrar. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds contain provisions which may permit their modification 
without the consent of all investors 
The Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds contain provisions for calling meetings of Covered 
Bondholders to consider matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to 
bind all Covered Bondholders including Covered Bondholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant 
meeting and Covered Bondholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
No assurance can be given in relation to changes of law 
The Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds (other than German Registered Covered Bonds) are 
governed by English law, except for Condition 4 (Status of the Covered Bonds), which will be governed by 
Danish law. In the case of registration of the Covered Bonds in VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden, these will be 
governed by Danish law, Norwegian law and Swedish law, respectively, in each case in effect as at the date of 
issue of the relevant Covered Bonds. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial 
decision or change to English law, Danish law, Norwegian law, Swedish law or administrative practice after the 
date of issue of any relevant Covered Bonds. 
The Terms and Conditions of the German Registered Covered Bonds are governed by German law, 
except for Condition 4 (Status of the Covered Bonds) which will be governed by Danish law. No assurance can 
be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to German law or administrative practice 
after the date of issue of any German Registered Covered Bonds. 
In particular, the Danish Covered Bond Legislation is relatively new legislation in Denmark and, 
although there are administrative rulings, there is no available case law on it. It is uncertain how the Danish 
Covered Bond Legislation will be interpreted or whether changes or amendments will be made to it which will 
affect Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, including with retroactive effect. 
Investors who purchase Bearer Covered Bonds in denominations that are not an integral multiple of the 
Specified Denomination may be adversely affected if Definitive Covered Bonds are subsequently required to be 
issued 
In relation to any issue of Bearer Covered Bonds which have denominations consisting of a minimum 
Specified Denomination plus an integral multiple of another smaller amount in excess thereof, it is possible that 
such Covered Bonds may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified 
Denomination. In such a case a Covered Bondholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount 
which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in its account with the relevant clearing system at the 
relevant time may not receive a Definitive Covered Bond in respect of such holding (should Definitive Covered 
Bonds be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Covered Bonds such that its holding 
amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If Definitive Covered Bonds are issued, Covered Bondholders should be aware that Definitive Covered 
Bonds which have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may 
be illiquid and difficult to trade.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
The Annual Reports of the Group for the financial years ended 31 December 2018 and 31 December 
2017 (respectively, the “Annual Report 2018” and the “Annual Report 2017”, and together, the “Annual 
Reports”) shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus, excluding the 
following sections: 
(i) 
in respect of the Annual Report 2018: 
 
the section “Financial Outlook for 2019” of the “Executive summary” on page 11 
thereof; and 
(ii) 
in respect of the Annual Report 2017: 
 
the section “Outlook for 2018 and financial target” on page 7 thereof. 
The financial statements in the Annual Reports have been audited. 
The unaudited interim report of the Group as at and for the nine months ended 30 September 2019 (the 
“Interim report – first nine months 2019”) shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this 
Base Prospectus, excluding the following from the “Executive summary”: the fourth bullet at the top left on 
page 6; the first paragraph under the tenth bullet on page 6; and the section “Outlook for 2019” on page 7. 
The section “Standard Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” from the following base 
prospectuses relating to the Programme shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base 
Prospectus: 
(i) 
Base Prospectus dated 6 December 2007 (pages 37-60 inclusive); 
(ii) 
Base Prospectus dated 19 December 2008 (pages 32-52 inclusive); 
(iii) 
Base Prospectus dated 11 November 2009 (pages 48-77 inclusive); 
(iv) 
Base Prospectus dated 11 November 2010 (pages 51-81 inclusive);  
(v) 
Base Prospectus dated 11 November 2011 (pages 49-78 inclusive);  
(vi) 
Base Prospectus dated 22 November 2012 (pages 48-80 inclusive);  
(vii) 
Base Prospectus dated 12 December 2013 (pages 50-83 inclusive); 
(viii) 
Base Prospectus dated 18 November 2014 (pages 53-102 inclusive);  
(ix) 
Base Prospectus dated 6 November 2015 (pages 52-85 inclusive);  
(x) 
Base Prospectus dated 3 November 2016 (pages 52-85 inclusive);  
(xi) 
Base Prospectus dated 7 November 2017 (pages 53-87 inclusive); and 
(xii) 
Base Prospectus dated 8 November 2018 (pages 61-119 inclusive), 
(together, the “Previous Terms and Conditions”).  
 
In relation to each of the documents deemed to be incorporated in this Base Prospectus, the non-
incorporated parts are either not relevant for the investor or are covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.  
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Covered 
Bonds, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection 
with any subsequent issue of Covered Bonds.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference 
therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or 
supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus. 
 
The sources of the consolidated financial statements (including the auditors’ reports thereon and notes 
thereto) in the Interim report – first nine months 2019 and the Annual Reports incorporated by reference herein 
are as follows: 
 
Information 
Source 
Income Statement for the Group for the nine month period ended 30 
September 2019 
Interim report – first nine months 2019 
pg. 31 
Statement of Comprehensive Income for the Group for the nine month 
period ended 30 September 2019 
Interim report – first nine months 2019 
pg. 32 
Balance Sheet for the Group for the nine month period ended 30 
September 2019 
Interim report – first nine months 2019 
pg. 33 
Statement of Capital for the Group for the nine month period ended 30 
September 2019 
Interim report – first nine months 2019 
pgs. 34-36 
Cash Flow Statement for the Group for the nine month period ended 30 
September 2019 
Interim report – first nine months 2019 
pg. 37 
Notes to the Financial Statements for the Group for the nine month 
period ended 30 September 2019 
Interim report – first nine months 2019 
pgs. 38-72 
Statement by the Management as at and for the nine month period ended 
30 September 2019 
Interim report – first nine months 2019 
pg. 73 
Independent Auditors’ Review Report for the Group for the nine month 
period ended 30 September 2019 
Interim report – first nine months 2019 
pg. 74 
Income Statement for the Group for the year ended 31 December 2018 
Annual Report 2018 pg. 70 
Statement of Comprehensive Income for the Group for the year ended 
31 December 2018 
Annual Report 2018 pg. 71 
Balance Sheet for the Group for the year ended 31 December 2018 
Annual Report 2018 pg. 72 
Statement of Capital for the Group for the year ended 31 December 
2018 
Annual Report 2018 pgs. 73-76 
Cash Flow Statement for the Group for the year ended 31 December 
2018 
Annual Report 2018 pg. 77 
Notes to the Financial Statements for the Group for the year ended 31 
December 2018 
Annual Report 2018 pgs. 78-207 
Statement by the Management as at and for the year ended 31 December 
2018 
Annual Report 2018 pg. 230 
Independent Auditors’ Report for the Group for the year ended 31 
December 2018 
Annual Report 2018 pgs. 231-235 
Income Statement for the Group for the year ended 31 December 2017 
Annual Report 2017 pg. 48 
Statement of Comprehensive Income for the Group for the year ended 
31 December 2017 
Annual Report 2017 pg. 49 
Balance Sheet for the Group for the year ended 31 December 2017 
Annual Report 2017 pg. 50

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
Information 
Source 
Statement of Capital for the Group for the year ended 31 December 
2017 
Annual Report 2017 pgs. 51-54 
Cash Flow Statement for the Group for the year ended 31 December 
2017 
Annual Report 2017 pg. 55 
Notes to the Financial Statements for the Group for the year ended 31 
December 2017 
Annual Report 2017 pgs. 56-165 
Statement by the Management as at and for the year ended 31 December 
2017 
Annual Report 2017 pg. 188 
Independent Auditors’ Report for the Group for the year ended 31 
December 2017 
Annual Report 2017 pgs. 189-193 
 
The Annual Report 2018 incorporated by reference herein can be viewed online at 
https://danskebank.com/-/media/danske-bank-com/file-cloud/2019/2/annual-report-2018.pdf. 
The Annual Report 2017 incorporated by reference herein can be viewed online at 
http://danskebank.com/investor-relations/-/media/danske-bank-com/file-cloud/2018/2/annual-report-
2017.pdf.  
The Interim report – first nine months 2019 incorporated by reference herein can be viewed online at 
https://danskebank.com/-/media/danske-bank-com/file-cloud/2019/11/interim-report---first-nine-
months-2019.pdf.   
This Base Prospectus is, and any supplements hereto will be, available for viewing at www.ise.ie. 
 
The Previous Terms and Conditions incorporated by reference herein can be viewed online at 
https://www.danskebank.com/en-uk/ir/Debt/fundingprogrammes/Pages/Global_covered_bonds.aspx.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following description of key features of the Programme does not purport to be complete and is 
qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus. Words and expressions defined in “Form of the 
Covered Bonds” or “Standard Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” below shall have the same 
meanings in this description of key features of the Programme. 
 
 
Issuer: 
Danske Bank A/S 
Arrangers: 
BNP Paribas 
 
Danske Bank A/S 
 
HSBC Bank plc 
Dealers: 
Barclays Bank PLC 
 
BNP Paribas 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
 
Credit Suisse Securities (Europe) Limited 
 
Danske Bank A/S 
 
HSBC Bank plc 
 
Natixis 
 
NatWest Markets Plc 
 
Société Générale 
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Fiscal Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Principal Registrar and German Registered Covered 
Bonds Registrar: 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Irish Listing Agent: 
Matheson 
VP Systems Agent: 
Danske Bank A/S 
Programme Amount: 
EUR 30,000,000,000 (and, for this purpose, any 
Covered Bonds denominated in another currency shall 
be translated into euro at the date of the agreement to 
issue such Covered Bonds using the spot rate of 
exchange for the purchase of such currency against 
payment of euros being quoted by the Fiscal Agent on 
the date on which the relevant agreement in respect of 
the relevant Tranche was made or such other rate as 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree) in 
aggregate principal amount of Covered Bonds 
outstanding at any one time. 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Covered 
Bonds which may be outstanding under the 
Programme may be increased from time to time, 
subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
the Dealership Agreement. 
Issuance in Series: 
Covered Bonds will be issued in Series. Each Series 
may comprise one or more Tranches issued on 
different issue dates. The Covered Bonds of each 
Series will all be subject to identical terms, except that 
the issue date, the date of the first payment of interest 
(if any), the amount, and/or the issue price thereof 
may be different in respect of different Tranches. 
Categories of Covered Bonds: 
Where the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement 
specifies that a Covered Bond is a Category C 
Covered Bond, the relevant Issuer Cover Pool shall be 
the Category C Cover Pool.  
Where the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement 
specifies that a Covered Bond is a Category D 
Covered Bond, the relevant Issuer Cover Pool shall be 
the Category D Cover Pool. 
Where the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement 
specifies that a Covered Bond is a Category I Covered 
Bond, the relevant Issuer Cover Pool shall be the 
Category I Cover Pool.  
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement: 
Each Tranche of Covered Bonds other than Exempt 
Covered Bonds will be the subject of the Final Terms 
which, for the purposes of that Tranche only, 
completes the Terms and Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds. Each Tranche of Exempt Covered Bonds will 
be the subject of the Pricing Supplement which, for 
the purposes of that Tranche only, completes and/or 
amends and/or replaces the Terms and Conditions of 
the Covered Bonds. Each Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement must be read in conjunction with this 
Base Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable 
to any particular Tranche of Covered Bonds are the 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds as 
completed by the relevant Final Terms or (in the case 
of Exempt Covered Bonds) as completed and/or 
amended and/or replaced by the relevant Pricing 
Supplement. See also “Exempt Covered Bonds” 
below. 
Distribution: 
Covered Bonds may be distributed by way of private 
or public placement and in each case on a syndicated 
or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Covered Bonds may be denominated in any currency 
or currencies, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank 
requirements (each a “Specified Currency”).  
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives, any maturity as agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Issue Price: 
Covered Bonds may be issued at any price, as

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement. 
Form of Covered Bonds: 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in bearer form, 
registered 
form, 
German 
law 
registered 
form 
(gedeckte Namensschuldverschreibungen) or in the 
case of VP Systems Covered Bonds, uncertificated 
book entry form, as described in “Form of Covered 
Bonds” below. VP Systems Covered Bonds will not 
be evidenced by any physical covered bond or 
document of title. Entitlements to VP Systems 
Covered Bonds will be evidenced by the crediting of 
VP Systems Covered Bonds to accounts with the 
relevant VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden (as the case 
may be). 
In respect of each Tranche of Bearer Covered Bonds, 
the Issuer will deliver a Temporary Global Covered 
Bond or a Permanent Global Covered Bond. Interests 
in each Temporary Global Covered Bond will, not 
earlier than forty days after the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche of the Covered Bonds upon 
certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership, be 
exchangeable for interests in a Permanent Global 
Covered Bond or, if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, for Definitive Covered 
Bonds in bearer form in accordance with its terms. 
Interests in each Permanent Global Covered Bond will 
be exchangeable for Definitive Covered Bonds in 
bearer form. Definitive Covered Bonds in bearer form 
will, if interest-bearing, have Coupons attached and, if 
appropriate, Talons. 
In respect of each Tranche of Registered Covered 
Bonds, the Issuer will deliver to each holder 
Registered Covered Bonds which will be recorded in 
the register which the Issuer shall procure to be kept 
by the Registrar. A Global Registered Covered Bond 
may be registered in the name of a nominee for one or 
more clearing systems or, in the case of Registered 
Covered Bonds held under the NSS, in the name of a 
nominee of the common safe-keeper. Registered 
Covered Bonds will not be represented upon issue by 
a Temporary Global Covered Bond and may not be 
exchanged for Bearer Covered Bonds. 
German Registered Covered Bonds are issued in the 
form of German law governed registered bonds 
(gedeckte Namensschuldverschreibungen) and may be 
offered to and privately placed with professional 
investors only. The rights of the holder of a German 
Registered Covered Bond and title to each German 
Registered Covered Bond passes by assignment and 
registration in the German Registered Covered Bonds 
Register.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC, VP, VPS 
and/or Euroclear Sweden and/or, in relation to any 
Tranche of Covered Bonds, any other clearing system 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement. This is not applicable to German 
Registered Covered Bonds. 
Status of the Covered Bonds: 
Each relevant Category of Covered Bonds constitutes 
ordinary and unsubordinated obligations issued in 
accordance with the Danish Covered Bond Legislation 
and ranks pari passu among themselves and with 
related derivative contracts contained in the relevant 
Issuer Cover Pool (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement). Senior Debt (if any) 
ranks immediately thereafter. To the extent that claims 
in relation to the relevant Category of Covered Bonds 
and related derivative contracts, any refinancing bonds 
issued by the administrator, any short-term loans taken 
out by the administrator and any Senior Debt (if any) 
issued with the benefit of the assets in the relevant 
Issuer Cover Pool are not met out of the pool of assets 
or the proceeds arising from it, the residual claims will 
rank 
pari 
passu 
with 
the 
unsecured 
and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, including 
obligations under preferred senior obligations, and 
ahead of the obligations under the non-preferred 
senior debt obligations of the Issuer as well as ahead 
of the subordinated obligations of the Issuer. See 
“Overview of Danish Legislation Relating to Covered 
Bonds”. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds: 
Covered Bonds may provide for interest based on a 
fixed rate (“Fixed Rate Covered Bonds”). Interest 
will be payable on Fixed Rate Covered Bonds on such 
date or dates as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement) and on 
redemption. 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds: 
Covered Bonds may provide for interest based on a 
floating rate (“Floating Rate Covered Bonds”). 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds will bear interest at a 
rate determined: 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate 
under a notional interest-rate swap 
transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions; 
or 
(ii) 
on the basis of a reference rate 
appearing on the agreed screen page 
of a commercial quotation service; 
or

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
(iii) 
on such other basis as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s), as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement. 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) for each Series of Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds. 
Other provisions in relation to Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds: 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds may also have a 
maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate or 
both (as specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement). 
Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds in respect of 
each Interest Period, as agreed prior to issue by the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), will be payable on 
such Interest Payment Dates and will be calculated on 
the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds: 
Covered Bonds may provide that no interest is payable 
(“Zero Coupon Covered Bonds”). Zero Coupon 
Covered Bonds will be offered and sold at a discount 
to their nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Redemption: 
The relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement will 
indicate the scheduled maturity date of such Covered 
Bonds (the “Maturity Date”) and will also indicate 
whether such Covered Bonds can be redeemed prior to 
their stated maturity for taxation reasons or whether 
such Covered Bonds will be redeemable at the option 
of the Issuer (“Call Option”) and/or at the option of 
the Covered Bondholders (“Put Option”), in each 
case upon giving the applicable irrevocable notice (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement) to the Covered Bondholders or the 
Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified 
in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, at 
the maturity and at a price or prices and on such terms 
as are specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement. 
Extended Maturity Date: 
The relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement will 
provide that an Extended Maturity Date applies to 
each Series of Covered Bonds unless to do so would 
result in the Issuer being unable to obtain the relevant 
credit rating(s) from the relevant rating agencies 
appointed by the Issuer at the relevant time in respect 
of a Series of Covered Bonds (the “Extended 
Maturity Date”). 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
applying to a Series of Covered Bonds and the Issuer 
fails to redeem the relevant Covered Bonds in full on 
the Maturity Date or within three Business Days 
thereafter, the maturity of the outstanding Covered 
Bonds and the date on which such Covered Bonds will 
be due and repayable for the purposes of the Terms 
and Conditions will be automatically extended up to 
but no later than the Extended Maturity Date, (A) 
subject as otherwise provided for in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement and (B) provided that, 
(unless to do so would result in the Issuer being 
unable to maintain the relevant credit rating(s) from 
the relevant rating agencies appointed by the Issuer at 
the relevant time in respect of such Series of Covered 
Bonds) the Issuer may (other than in the case of 
German 
Registered 
Covered 
Bonds) 
impose 
restrictions on the circumstances in which such 
automatic extension can apply if it determines in its 
sole and absolute discretion that such restrictions are 
required to ensure that the relevant Covered Bonds 
remain compliant with the Covered Bonds Act. In the 
event that the maturity is automatically extended, the 
Issuer may redeem all or any part of the principal 
amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds on any 
Interest Payment Date falling in any month after the 
Maturity Date up to and including the Extended 
Maturity Date or as otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
As regards interest on Covered Bonds to which an 
Extended Maturity Date so applies, if the Issuer fails 
to redeem the relevant Covered Bonds in full on the 
Maturity Date or within three Business Days 
thereafter, the Covered Bonds will bear interest on the 
principal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds 
from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but 
excluding) the Extended Maturity Date or, if the 
Covered Bonds are redeemed prior to the Extended 
Maturity Date, the Interest Payment Date on which 
they are redeemed, based on a floating rate calculated 
with reference to EURIBOR or its equivalent 
depending on the currency of the relevant Covered 
Bonds and will be payable in respect of the Interest 
Period ending immediately prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date in arrear or as otherwise 
provided for in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement on each Interest Payment Date after the 
Maturity Date at the rate specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
In respect of the Category D Covered Bonds, 
according to the Danish Covered Bond Legislation, an 
administrator that has been appointed in the event of 
insolvency of the Issuer or revocation of the Issuer’s

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
Covered Bonds Licence will in certain circumstances 
have the possibility of extending the maturity of the 
covered bonds by up to one year at a time. This option 
applies only to Category D Covered Bonds issued 
after 1 January 2015. See “Category D Covered 
Bonds” in “Risk Factors” above and “Overview of 
Danish Legislation Relating to Covered Bonds” 
below. 
In the case of Covered Bonds which are Zero Coupon 
Covered Bonds up to (and including) the Maturity 
Date and for which an Extended Maturity Date 
applies, the initial outstanding principal amount on the 
Maturity Date for the above purposes will be the total 
amount otherwise payable by the Issuer but unpaid on 
the relevant Covered Bonds on the Maturity Date. 
Denominations: 
Covered Bonds will be issued in such denominations 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) and as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement save that the minimum 
denomination of each Covered Bond admitted to 
trading on a regulated market for the purposes of 
MiFID II or offered to the public in a Member State in 
circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be 
EUR 100,000 (or, if the Covered Bonds are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency at the time of 
issue) or such other amount as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant regulatory 
authority or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
relevant Specified Currency.  
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Covered Bonds will be 
made without deduction for or on account of 
withholding taxes imposed within Denmark, subject as 
provided in Condition 8 (Taxation). 
Negative Pledge: 
The Covered Bonds will not contain a negative pledge 
provision. 
Cross Default and other Events of Default: 
The Covered Bonds will not contain a cross-default 
provision or any other events of default entitling 
Covered 
Bondholders 
to 
demand 
immediate 
redemption. 
Listing and Admission to Trading: 
Each Series may be listed on Euronext Dublin and/or 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
other listing authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s) and specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement or may be issued 
on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
German Registered Covered Bonds will not be listed 
or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or 
market. 
Governing Law: 
The 
Covered 
Bonds 
and 
any 
non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with them 
(other than German Registered Covered Bonds) will 
be governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
English law except for Condition 4 (Status of the 
Covered Bonds), which will be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, Danish law. 
The German Registered Covered Bonds will be 
governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
German law except for Condition 4 (Status of the 
Covered Bonds), which will be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, Danish law. 
VP Systems Covered Bonds must comply with the 
relevant regulations of VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden 
(as the case may be) and the holders of VP Systems 
Covered Bonds will be entitled to the rights and are 
subject to the obligations and liabilities which arise 
under the relevant regulations and legislation in 
Denmark, Norway or Sweden. 
Ratings: 
Each Issuer Cover Pool and/or Covered Bond issue 
has been or may be rated by at least one of the 
following rating agencies: S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited (“S&P”), Fitch Ratings Limited 
(“Fitch”), Scope Ratings GmbH (“Scope”), Moody’s 
Investors Service Limited (“Moody’s”) and Nordic 
Credit Rating AS (“NCR”). 
 
In addition, the Issuer has been rated by each of S&P, 
Fitch and Moody’s as follows: 
 
 
S&P 
Fitch 
Moody’s 
 
long-term Issuer 
default rating 
A 
A 
A2 
 
short-term 
Issuer default 
rating 
A-1 
F1 
P-1 
 
Each of S&P, Fitch, Scope, Moody’s and NCR is 
established in the European Union and is registered 
under the CRA Regulation and is included in the list 
of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus. This list is available on the ESMA website 
at 
www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-
certified-CRAs (list last updated on 1 October 2019).  
 
Tranches of Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Series 
of Covered Bonds is expected to be rated, such

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
expected rating will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement.  
 
Up-to-date information should always be sought by 
direct reference to the relevant rating agency. 
 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to revision, suspension 
or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency. In addition, there is no guarantee that any 
rating of an Issuer Cover Pool, any Series of Covered 
Bonds and/or the Issuer assigned by any such rating 
agency will be maintained by the Issuer following the 
date of this Base Prospectus and the Issuer may seek 
to obtain ratings of an Issuer Cover Pool, any Series of 
Covered Bonds and/or the Issuer from other rating 
agencies. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are selling restrictions on the offer, sale and 
transfer of the Covered Bonds in the United States, the 
European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, 
Denmark, Germany and Japan and such other 
restrictions as may be required in connection with the 
offering and sale of a particular Tranche of Covered 
Bonds. See “Subscription and Sale”. 
For United States securities law only, the Issuer is a 
Category 2 issuer under Regulation S. Bearer Covered 
Bonds will be issued in compliance with U.S. 
Treasury Regulations §1.163-5 (c) (2) (i) (D) (or any 
successor United States Treasury regulation section, 
including without limitation, successor regulations 
issued in accordance with Internal Revenue Service 
Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the 
United 
States 
Hiring 
Incentives 
to 
Restore 
Employment Act of 2010) (the “D Rules”) or 1.163-5 
(c) (2) (i) (C) (or any successor United States Treasury 
regulation section, including without limitation, 
successor regulations issued in accordance with 
Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise 
in connection with the United States Hiring Incentives 
to Restore Employment Act of 2010) (the “C Rules”), 
unless the Bearer Covered Bonds are issued in 
circumstances in which the Bearer Covered Bonds 
will not constitute “Registration required obligations” 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which 
circumstances will be referred to in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement as a transaction to which 
TEFRA is not applicable. 
Exempt Covered Bonds: 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Exempt 
Covered Bonds may be issued in a form not 
contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds and this General Description of the 
Programme, in which event the relevant provisions 
will be included in the relevant Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF DANISH LEGISLATION RELATING TO COVERED BONDS 
 
The Issuer is licensed under the Danish Financial Business Act to issue covered bonds. The following 
is a brief overview of certain features of Danish law governing the issuance of covered bonds in Denmark as at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, which law may be supplemented, amended, modified or varied whether by 
legislative enactment or by way of judicial decisions and administrative pronouncements including, possibly, 
with retroactive effect. This overview does not purport to be, and is not, a complete description of all aspects of 
the Danish legislative and regulatory frame-work pertaining to covered bonds. The original language of the 
Danish Covered Bond Legislation is Danish. The following overview is provided in English only for the sake of 
convenience. In the event of any doubt, the original Danish language version of the relevant legislation, 
executive orders and/or regulations should be consulted. 
The Legislation 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the main Danish legislation which governs Danish covered 
bonds is the Danish Covered Bond Legislation which came into legal effect on 1 July 2007. Commercial banks 
and mortgage banks which meet the requirements set out in the Danish Covered Bond Legislation will be 
permitted to issue covered bonds (and, in the case of mortgage banks, covered mortgage bonds). Prior to issuing 
any covered bonds, the relevant covered bond issuer must have first obtained a licence to issue covered bonds 
from the DFSA. 
The Register 
An issuing bank shall maintain a register (the “Register”) for each cover pool which must at all times 
contain detailed information on the assets contained in the relevant cover pool (the “Cover Pool”). An issuing 
bank may have more than one Register. The assets included in the Register are included on, and are a part of, 
the issuing bank’s balance sheet. Each item in the Register must be clearly identified and the Register must be 
updated on a regular basis to include any changes in the relevant information. The Danish Covered Bond 
Legislation also stipulates the type of information that must be recorded in the Register with respect to each 
item. Moreover, an issuing bank’s systems must operate such that it is able to provide an overview of the 
Register to the DFSA within twenty-four hours of receiving a request to do so. 
The DFSA has laid down detailed rules on the operation and organisation of the Registers as well as 
the verification of the existence of the assets including the carrying out of periodic checks by the issuing bank’s 
external auditor(s). An issuing bank must submit a statement of registered assets to the DFSA four times a year. 
The rules also require the external auditor(s) to verify the excess cover fixed by management (for more detail 
see “Valuation” below). 
Priority of Covered Bondholders 
By virtue of the priority established under the Danish Financial Business Act, claims against an issuing 
bank by the covered bondholders and the counterparties to the relevant derivative contracts will rank pari passu 
amongst themselves and ahead of claims of all other creditors of the bank with respect to the relevant Cover 
Pool (save for the priority granted to an administration estate in respect of fees and expenses) (for more detail 
see “Administration Estate” below). The administrator of the administration estate may issue refinancing bonds 
and may take out loans, which will rank pari passu with covered bonds, to avoid temporary shortfalls of 
liquidity (“Administrator Financing”). It should be noted that under the general principles of Danish 
bankruptcy law, other agreements entered into by an administrator will be treated in the same way as 
agreements entered into by a bankruptcy estate and will rank pari passu with other fees and expenses of the 
administrator (for more detail see “Administration Estate” below).

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
Assets to be included in a Cover Pool 
As mentioned above, assets which may be included in a Cover Pool include certain loans secured by 
registered mortgages on real estate together with those mortgages, public credits and other assets which meet the 
requirements from time to time set out under the Danish Covered Bond Legislation and the CRR. Included in 
this group of assets are derivative contracts which have been entered into for the purpose of hedging risks 
between the assets in the Register and the Covered Bonds and where the agreement specifies that the suspension 
of payments or bankruptcy of the issuing bank does not constitute a breach. 
Debt financing 
If an issuing bank is required to post additional collateral (i.e. due to changes in market conditions), it 
may satisfy this requirement by taking out other loans (the “Senior Debt”) and purchasing assets which in turn 
are added to the Cover Pool subject to certain qualifications. The agreement by which the issuing bank obtains 
such funding shall specify the Register for which the funds are to be used as additional collateral. In the event of 
the bankruptcy of the issuing bank, creditors in respect of this Senior Debt are to rank behind covered 
bondholders and counterparties to the derivative contracts (and after the bankruptcy expenses), but before other 
creditors of the issuing bank. 
Restrictions on Assets to be included in a Cover Pool 
Pursuant to the Danish Covered Bond Legislation and the CRR, when calculating the value of the 
portion of Cover Pool assets that consist of loans secured by mortgages, the following loan-to-value (“LTV”) 
requirements shall apply: 
(i) 
a maximum of 80 per cent. of the value of the property for loans secured by residential 
mortgages where the term of the loan is for thirty years or less and which contains an interest-
only option of up to and including ten years; 
(ii) 
a maximum of 75 per cent. of the value of the property for loans secured by residential 
mortgages for thirty years or less but which contain an interest-only option for a period which 
exceeds ten years; 
(iii) 
a maximum of 75 per cent. of the value of the property for loans secured by residential 
mortgages where the term of the loan exceeds thirty years; and 
(iv) 
a maximum of 60 per cent. of the value of the property for loans secured by mortgages over 
commercial property. 
The above list is not exhaustive. There are separate specific rules for valuation of fixtures and fittings. 
If there are loans that do not meet the requirements set out above, such loans will not be included in the Cover 
Pool. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a loan met the specific LTV requirements at the time it was advanced, it 
can be included in the Cover Pool, provided that additional assets are also included in the Cover Pool in order to 
bring the LTV of the loan in compliance with the LTV requirements. 
There are no restrictions with regard to the proportion of the Cover Pool that may be represented by 
loans secured by residential mortgages, commercial mortgages or other mortgages. Additional provisions 
regarding quantitative and qualitative requirements placed on the assets forming part of the Cover Pool are set 
out in the Danish Covered Bond Legislation and the CRR. In order to qualify for inclusion in the Cover Pool, all 
legislative requirements must be met. 
Valuation 
The Danish Covered Bond Legislation requires that the value of the Cover Pool at all times must 
correspond at least to the aggregate value of the covered bonds outstanding on a portfolio basis. To satisfy this 
requirement, an issuing bank is required to establish a certain excess cover in the Register. The excess cover 
must be determined by the management of the issuing bank and be the result of a specific estimate of realistic 
value fluctuations.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
Danish Valuation process 
The calculation of the value of the Cover Pool assets consisting of loans secured by residential or, as 
the case may be, commercial real estate or other assets is required to be made on a prudent basis, and thus such 
calculated values may not exceed the fair value of each individual asset. The estimation of the value is required 
to be made by a competent and independent person (i.e. a person not involved in the credit process) and to be 
documented, and such documentation is required to include information on who performed the calculation and 
the principles on which the calculation was based. The valuation of real estate in Denmark may, at the time the 
loan is granted, be undertaken in one of two ways: 
(i) 
using a physical internal/external appraisal; or 
(ii) 
if an exemption is granted by the DFSA, a valuation could be obtained using valuation 
models. 
On an on-going basis, valuations can, however, be based on the valuation model which uses generally 
applicable price levels. 
Failure to provide additional collateral 
If the value of the assets in a Cover Pool no longer corresponds to at least the value of the covered 
bonds outstanding or exceeds a LTV of 80 per cent. for residential mortgages or the relevant LTV for other 
mortgages measured in respect of each single loan, the issuing bank must promptly provide additional collateral. 
If an issuing bank fails to provide additional collateral so that the value of the assets corresponds at 
least to the value of the issued covered bonds, then all issued covered bonds in the Register concerned will lose 
the designation ‘covered bonds’. The assets collateralising the covered bonds that have lost the designation 
‘covered bonds’ must remain separate from the issuing bank’s other assets, for satisfaction of the claims of the 
relevant bondholders in the event of any bankruptcy of the issuing bank (see “Administration Estate” below). 
The Balance Principle 
In accordance with the Danish Covered Bond Legislation, an issuing bank must manage a Cover Pool 
in such a way as to ensure a sound balance between the payments and obligations on the covered bonds and the 
assets in a Cover Pool in terms of currency, interest rate and maturity structure. This is known as the “balance 
principle”. A balance is deemed to exist when the present value of a Cover Pool, at all times, exceeds the present 
value of the liabilities relating to the covered bonds. The present value of derivative contracts shall be included 
in such calculation. The calculations of present values shall withstand certain stress tests (i.e. sudden changes in 
interest rates or currency exchange rates). The Danish Covered Bond Legislation sets out the detailed 
requirements in respect of the balance principle. 
Minimum Maturity 
 
The Danish Covered Bond Legislation requires that Covered Bonds issued on or after 1 April 2014 
shall have a minimum maturity of two years based on the time of issuance.  
Administration Estate 
The DFSA will, in the event of the insolvency of an issuing bank or when an issuing bank’s banking 
licence has been withdrawn, or may, in the event that the issuing bank’s licence to issue covered bonds has been 
withdrawn, appoint one or more administrators who will seek the repayment to the covered bondholders. It 
should be noted that notice of suspension of payments will not in itself lead to the establishment of an 
administration estate. 
Appointment of Administrator(s) 
If the DFSA decides that repayment to the covered bondholders is to be subject to administration, the 
DFSA must appoint one or more administrators. This decision must also be reported to the Danish Business 
Authority and must be immediately notified to the relevant borrowers whose loans and mortgages form part of

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
the relevant Cover Pool. The administrator will manage the Cover Pool and the rights of the covered 
bondholders, counterparties to derivative contracts and lenders of Senior Debt. Instalment, interest and other 
payments on the loan portfolio must be effected only to the administration estate and not to the issuing bank or 
its bankruptcy estate. An administrator’s fees and any other expenses in connection with the administration are 
to be paid by the administration estate. The amount of those fees is to be fixed following negotiation with the 
DFSA which is responsible for the supervision of the administration estate. 
Control of the Cover Pool 
All of the assets in the Register must be promptly taken over by the administrator. With respect to the 
assets located in a foreign country, any act of perfection must be performed in accordance with the legislation of 
the relevant country. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the issuing bank will be required to ensure that the value of 
the assets in the Register is sufficient. The administrator may require the issuing bank to provide further assets. 
Role and Powers of the Administrator 
Legislative changes in 2010 clarified the role of the administrator and expanded its authorisations, 
including the right to issue refinancing bonds. After it has taken over control of the assets in the Register, the 
administrator’s general role will be to make an effort to sell the entire Register, including assets and obligations, 
to one or more credit institute(s) licensed to issue covered bonds. If such a transfer is not possible, the 
administrator is to run the estate on a going concern basis. Thus the administrator is not to sell the assets at “fire 
sale prices”. The administrator may raise Administrator Financing to avoid temporary shortfalls of liquidity. 
Furthermore, the administrator is entitled to sell assets of the Register to avoid temporary shortfalls of liquidity, 
but only to a limited extent and at a minimum fixed price. However, the administrator is obliged to file for 
bankruptcy if the shortfall of liquidity is considered not to be temporary. 
In 2014 an amendment to the Danish Covered Bond Legislation was made. According to the 
amendment, an administrator will have the possibility of extending the maturity of the covered bonds in the 
cover pools by up to one year at a time to avoid temporary shortfalls of liquidity. The option to extend maturities 
can be used only after other refinancing options have been exhausted, including issuing of refinancing bonds, 
issuing of short-term loans and the sale of loans. If the maturity of the covered bonds is extended, the interest 
rate will be fixed at a reference rate plus a maximum of 5 percentage points. The amendment to the Danish 
Covered Bond Legislation entered into force on 1 January 2015, and applies only to covered bonds issued after 
that date and only to covered bonds backed by Danish loans, namely only to Category D Covered Bonds. See 
“Category D Covered Bonds” in “Risk Factors” above. 
Effect on Bankruptcy Proceedings 
An administration estate cannot be closed until (a) the obligations of the estate and the assets of the 
Register have been transferred to another credit institute holding a license to issue covered bonds, (b) all the 
covered bonds for which the assets in the Register serve as collateral have been repaid and the derivative 
contracts have matured or (c) the estate has filed for bankruptcy and the bankruptcy estate has been closed. Any 
excess funds of the administration estate may then be paid to lenders of Senior Debt. The Danish Covered Bond 
Legislation provides that if bankruptcy of the issuing bank is declared after commencement of the 
administration, it will have no legal effect on the administration estate. 
No Rights in certain circumstances 
No covered bondholders, counterparties to derivative contracts or lenders of Senior Debt can claim 
early repayment of payment obligations on the basis of a bankruptcy order against an issuing bank or an issuing 
bank’s failure to satisfy the requirement for additional collateral. Moreover, the relevant borrower(s) of the 
underlying loan(s) will retain the right to repay their loans in full or in part without variation. Furthermore, it is 
not possible for individual covered bondholders, counterparties to the derivative contracts or lenders of Senior 
Debt to initiate claims against the issuing bank during the issuing bank’s bankruptcy. The Danish Covered Bond 
Legislation makes it clear that the administrator is acting on behalf of all covered bondholders, counterparties to 
the derivative contracts and lenders of Senior Debt and that only the administrator may prove claims against the

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
bankruptcy estate for any assets required to cover the claims of the covered bondholders, counterparties to 
derivative contracts and lenders of Senior Debt.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
ISSUER’S LICENCE TO ISSUE COVERED BONDS AND ISSUER COVER POOLS  
 
Issuer’s licence to issue Covered Bonds 
On 7 November 2007, the Issuer applied to the DFSA for a licence to issue covered bonds under the 
Danish Covered Bond Legislation. Pursuant to the terms of such a licence, the Issuer would be able, from time 
to time, to issue covered bonds that entitle the holder to the benefit of a statutory preferred creditor status in 
respect of the assets contained in the relevant Issuer Cover Pool in the event of the insolvency of the Issuer (the 
“7 November 2007 application”). 
The licence was granted on 15 November 2007, subject to the Issuer establishing separate independent 
Registers with various assets, and with respect to loans secured by mortgages over residential real estate: one to 
include, inter alia, those mortgages which comply with the relevant Danish laws and the other(s) which may 
include mortgages over residential real estate which comply with the covered bond legislation applicable in the 
country where the relevant real estate is located (the “15 November 2007 licence”). 
On 10 July 2009, the Issuer applied to the DFSA for an extension of its licence which would permit it 
to establish a Register with “commercial” and/or residential real estate property located in Sweden and Norway. 
The extension of the licence was granted on 30 September 2009 (the “10 July 2009 extension”, and together 
with the 7 November 2007 application and the 15 November 2007 licence, the “Covered Bonds Licence”). 
Accordingly, the Issuer has three Registers: (i) a Register which includes assets including, inter alia, 
mortgages over “commercial” and/or residential real estate located in Sweden and Norway (the “Category C 
Cover Pool”); (ii) a Register which includes assets including, inter alia, mortgages solely over residential real 
estate located in Denmark (the “Category D Cover Pool”); and (iii) a Register which includes assets including, 
inter alia, mortgages over residential real estate located outside of Denmark, which, in accordance with the 
licence granted, may include residential real estate located in Sweden or Norway or possibly in other countries 
in which the Issuer operates or will operate subject to the prior approval of the DFSA (the “Category I Cover 
Pool”). Covered Bonds which have a statutory preferential right over the Category C Cover Pool shall be 
designated “Category C Covered Bonds”; Covered Bonds which have a statutory preferential right over the 
Category D Cover Pool shall be designated “Category D Covered Bonds”; and Covered Bonds which have a 
statutory preferential right over the Category I Cover Pool shall be designated “Category I Covered Bonds”. A 
reference to a relevant “Category” of Covered Bonds is a reference to (as applicable) the Category C Covered 
Bonds, the Category D Covered Bonds or the Category I Covered Bonds. 
The Issuer is permitted under the Danish Covered Bond Legislation to have, and may from time to time 
so have, further Registers. 
As a part of the licence, the Issuer was granted exemptions from certain provisions of the Danish 
Covered Bond Legislation. Relying on the Danish Financial Business Act, the following exemptions (the 
“Exemptions”) for the Category C Cover Pool and the Category I Cover Pool were granted: 
(i) 
with respect to the types of loans to be included: that the applicable definition of real estate 
will be the definition of real estate as used in the covered bond legislation in Sweden and 
Norway, respectively; 
(ii) 
with respect to mortgages granted over properties where the relevant mortgage loans have 
been included: that local mortgage deeds in Sweden and Norway, respectively, may be used, 
which means that mortgage loans may be included in the relevant Issuer Cover Pool provided 
that for the purposes of calculating the value of each loan for use in the relevant Issuer Cover 
Pool, the loan will be treated as if it were a loan valued on the basis of the relevant Danish 
LTV requirements as outlined above (see “Restrictions on Assets to be included in a Cover 
Pool”); and 
(iii) 
with respect to the provisions relating to the valuation methodology to be used for assets to be 
included: that the valuation of properties located in Sweden and Norway, respectively, need

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
only be carried out in accordance with the relevant local valuation standards required by the 
relevant local financial supervisory authority for issuing covered bonds under the relevant 
legislation in that country. 
The Issuer may, from time to time, seek such further exemptions from the provisions of the Danish 
Covered Bond Legislation as it sees necessary provided that the effect of any successful application will not 
adversely affect the rating(s), if any, given by the relevant rating agency/ies to the relevant issue of Covered 
Bonds. 
Details of the Issuer Cover Pools 
Overview 
The following table briefly describes the Issuer Cover Pools and the type and geographic 
concentrations of the mortgage loans in each Issuer Cover Pool as of the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Information relating to the loans secured by mortgages (and where relevant, their location) that are included in 
each relevant Issuer Cover Pool for which Covered Bonds have been issued will be provided on the Issuer’s 
website at www.danskebank.com, updated quarterly. 
 
Cover Pool 
Location of  
Mortgaged Properties 
Type of Property 
C 
Sweden and Norway 
Combined* 
D 
Denmark 
Residential 
I 
International (outside Denmark)** 
Residential 
* “Combined” can include loan categories in Sweden such as industrial, agricultural and forestry, 
offices, retail, rental housing, housing cooperatives and municipality housing. According to Swedish practice, 
loans in categories “rental housing” and “housing cooperatives” are considered as residential loans. “Combined” 
can include loan categories in Norway such as industrial, agricultural and forestry, offices, retail, rental housing, 
housing cooperatives and municipality housing. The Issuer has decided to categorise these loans as commercial 
loans, notwithstanding any contrary practice under relevant local law. Currently, the Issuer’s licence permits it 
to include loans secured by mortgages over properties located in Sweden and Norway or possibly in other 
countries in which the Issuer operates or will operate subject to the prior approval of the DFSA. 
** Currently, the Issuer’s licence permits it to include loans secured by mortgages over real estate 
located in Sweden or Norway or possibly in other countries in which the Issuer operates or will operate subject 
to the prior approval of the DFSA. The Issuer has decided to include only loans secured by mortgages over 
residential real estate. 
For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Issuer Cover Pools contains any non-compliant asset-backed 
securities as outlined in the European Central Bank’s Guideline on the implementation of the Eurosystem 
monetary policy framework (recast) (ECB/2014/60). 
Composition 
The composition of the Category C Cover Pool, the Category D Cover Pool and the Category I Cover 
Pool may vary from time to time, also in so far as the geographic placing of the relevant mortgaged properties is 
concerned. With respect to information about the Issuer Cover Pools, the Issuer is participating in the European 
Covered Bond Council’s (“ECBC”) covered bond label framework and updates ECBC covered bond label 
templates quarterly with statistics and other information relating to the loans secured by mortgages (and where 
relevant, their location) that are included in each relevant Issuer Cover Pool, and this will be provided on the 
Issuer’s website at www.danskebank.com. In addition, an independent auditor of the Issuer appointed under the 
Danish Covered Bond Legislation shall monitor the Issuer’s compliance with certain requirements in the Danish 
Covered Bond Legislation. Covered Bondholders will not otherwise receive detailed statistics or information in 
relation to each loan, location of each mortgaged residential or, as the case may be, commercial real estate or 
other assets contained or to be contained in the relevant Issuer Cover Pool, as it is expected that the constitution

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
of the relevant Issuer Cover Pool may change from time to time. For the avoidance of doubt and in accordance 
with the Danish Covered Bond Legislation, the Issuer Cover Pools will be kept separate at all times, and thus 
there will be no commingling of the relevant underlying assets. 
In respect of the Category D Cover Pool and the Category I Cover Pool, with respect to the loans that 
are granted with mortgages as collateral and that are to be included, the Issuer does not intend to include loans 
other than loans secured by mortgages over residential properties, summer houses and undeveloped land, 
notwithstanding the more extensive types of properties permitted under the provisions of the Danish Covered 
Bond Legislation. However, other non-mortgage loan assets may be included. 
In so far as the Category C Cover Pool or the Category I Cover Pool may contain mortgage loans as 
described in Exemption (ii) above, the Issuer will not treat any additional value as overcollateral for the 
purposes of determining the level of Overcollateralisation (as defined below) in the relevant Issuer Cover Pool.  
Certain changes have been undertaken recently as the Issuer has established a new mortgage credit 
institution in Sweden, Danske Hypotek AB (publ) (“Danske Hypotek”). In connection with this, the Issuer has 
established a Swedish domestic covered bond programme together with a new cover pool, and the Swedish 
residential loans in the Category I Cover Pool and the Category C Cover Pool are currently in the process of 
migrating into the new cover pool. The Norwegian residential loans will remain in the Category I Cover Pool. 
The Category C Cover Pool may still contain a mix of commercial and residential loans, however, as the 
Swedish residential loans are migrated to the new pool, the loans in the Category C Cover Pool will become 
increasingly limited to commercial loans. The transfer rate of loans from the Category I Cover Pool and 
Category C Cover Pool is currently expected to be based on a number of factors, including the maturity profile 
of the corresponding outstanding covered bonds, and thus the overcollateralisation levels in both Issuer Cover 
Pools are not expected to change materially due to the migration process. The changes were initiated in August 
2017, starting with changes to the Category I Cover Pool, while the removal of Swedish residential loans from 
the Category C Cover Pool is currently not expected to begin before 2020 at the earliest.  
The Issuer currently intends to act in the capacity of hedge counterparty with respect to derivative 
contracts which have been entered into for the purpose of hedging risks between assets in the Cover Pools and 
the Covered Bonds.  
For such time as the Issuer’s senior unsubordinated debt ratings are below A (in the case of S&P), and, 
if necessary to enable the Covered Bonds to maintain the current relevant Issuer Cover Pool rating(s) by S&P, if 
any, the Issuer shall ensure that Covered Bonds which are included in each relevant Issuer Cover Pool rated by 
S&P, other than Covered Bonds of the same Category as those in the relevant Issuer Cover Pool, have a 
remaining time to maturity of at least three months. 
Overcollateralisation 
As agreed with the DFSA, it is the current intention of the management of the Issuer that it will 
maintain the present value of the relevant Issuer Cover Pool at a level that exceeds by at least two per cent. the 
present value of the liabilities relating to the relevant Category of Covered Bonds (“Overcollateralisation”). It 
is also the current intention of the management of the Issuer that it will maintain a level of Overcollateralisation 
in each relevant Issuer Cover Pool that will be sufficient to manage the market risk of the relevant Issuer Cover 
Pool and, up to a level of Overcollateralisation which the Issuer considers to be reasonably required, to enable 
the relevant Covered Bonds to obtain and maintain the current relevant Issuer Cover Pool rating(s), if any. The 
rating(s) of the relevant Covered Bonds are based on an assumption of Overcollateralisation; if the level of 
Overcollateralisation is not maintained, the rating of the relevant Covered Bonds may change from time to time. 
Set-off and Category C Covered Bonds 
 
In order to mitigate any risk that the exercise of the right of set-off will affect the Category C Cover 
Pool and therefore the Category C Covered Bonds (as further described in “Risks related to the structure of a 
particular issue of Covered Bonds” in “Risk Factors” above), the Issuer will include additional assets in the 
Category C Cover Pool up to a value that is at least equal to the set-off risk as calculated on a daily basis.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
 
The Issuer aims to ensure that the vast majority of the (i) Swedish loans included in the Category C 
Cover Pool granted after 16 November 2009 and (ii) Norwegian loans included in the Category C Cover Pool 
granted after 18 January 2010, will not contain any rights of set-off.  
Set-off and Category I Covered Bonds 
 
In order to mitigate any risk that the exercise of the right of set-off will affect the Category I Cover 
Pool and therefore the Category I Covered Bonds (as further described in “Risks related to the structure of a 
particular issue of Covered Bonds” in “Risk Factors” above), the Issuer will include additional assets in the 
relevant Issuer Cover Pool up to a value that is at least equal to the set-off risk as calculated on a daily basis.  
 
The Issuer has ensured that any loans included in the Category I Cover Pool granted after 1 April 2008 
do not contain any rights of set-off.  
Liquidity risk mitigation for each Issuer Cover Pool 
 
As described in “Risks relating to the Issuer”, the Issuer is subject to liquidity risk. As a mitigant to this 
liquidity risk, the Issuer currently intends that it shall, for each relevant Issuer Cover Pool rated by Fitch, for 
such time as the Issuer’s default ratings are below A or F1 (long-term and short-term, respectively, in the case of 
Fitch (as defined in the “General Description of the Programme”)) and, if necessary to enable the Covered 
Bonds to maintain the current relevant issue rating(s), if any, ensure that there are enough liquid assets in the 
relevant Issuer Cover Pool(s) that have a value that is equal to the amount of expected covered bond interest 
payments due over the succeeding three months (calculated on a rolling basis), plus a buffer to cover senior 
expenses (according to Fitch covered bonds rating criteria), in the relevant Issuer Cover Pool(s) by replacing, if 
necessary, the relevant amount of existing assets with such liquid assets.   
Ranking of Covered Bonds and other assets in each Issuer Cover Pool  
 
In accordance with the UCITS Directive and the Capital Requirements Directive, the Covered Bonds 
have the benefit of priority over a matched pool of assets upon bankruptcy of the Issuer. To the extent that 
claims in relation to the Covered Bonds and related derivative contracts, any refinancing bonds issued by the 
administrator, any short-term loans taken out by the administrator and any Senior Debt (if any) issued with the 
benefit of the assets in the relevant Issuer Cover Pool are not met out of the pool of assets or the proceeds 
arising from it, the residual claims will rank pari passu with the unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer, including obligations under preferred senior obligations, and ahead of the obligations under non-
preferred senior debt obligations of the Issuer as well as ahead of the subordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
 
The rights of the Covered Bondholders and counterparties to derivative contracts included in the 
relevant Issuer Cover Pool rank in priority to those of other creditors of the Issuer in so far as the relevant Issuer 
Cover Pool is concerned (save for costs incurred in connection with the operation, management, collection and 
realisation of the relevant Issuer Cover Pool in the event of bankruptcy which shall be covered before the claims 
of the Covered Bondholders). To the extent that claims in relation to the Covered Bonds and related derivative 
contracts, any refinancing bonds issued by the administrator, any short-term loans taken out by the administrator 
and any Senior Debt (if any) issued with the benefit of the assets in the relevant Issuer Cover Pool are not met 
out of the pool of assets or the proceeds arising from it, the residual claims will rank pari passu with the 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, including obligations under preferred senior obligations, 
and ahead of the obligations under the non-preferred senior debt obligations of the Issuer as well as ahead of the 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
FORM OF THE COVERED BONDS 
Words and expressions defined in “Standard Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” herein 
shall have the same meanings in this “Form of the Covered Bonds”. 
The Covered Bonds of each Series will be in bearer form, registered form, German law registered form 
(gedeckte Namensschuldverschreibungen) or in the case of VP Systems Covered Bonds, uncertificated book 
entry form. 
Form of Bearer Covered Bonds 
Each Tranche of Bearer Covered Bonds will initially be in the form of either a temporary global 
covered bond (the “Temporary Global Covered Bond”), without interest Coupons, or a permanent global 
covered bond (the “Permanent Global Covered Bond”), without interest Coupons, in each case as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. Each Temporary Global Covered Bond or, as the case may be, 
Permanent Global Covered Bond (each a “Global Covered Bond”) which is intended to be issued in classic 
global covered bond (“CGCB”) form and not in new global covered bond (“NGCB”) form, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of the Covered Bonds with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and each Global Covered Bond which is intended to be issued in NGCB form as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, will be deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a 
Common Safe-keeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
If the Covered Bonds have a maturity of more than 1 year, unless the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement specifies that United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor United 
States Treasury regulation section, including without limitation, successor regulations issued in accordance with 
Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the United States Hiring Incentives to 
Restore Employment Act of 2010) (the “TEFRA C Rules”) are applicable in relation to the Covered Bonds, 
United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor United States Treasury regulation 
section, including without limitation, successor regulations issued in accordance with Internal Revenue Service 
Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the United States Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act 
of 2010) (the “TEFRA D Rules”) will apply in relation to the Covered Bonds.  
Temporary Global Covered Bond exchangeable for Permanent Global Covered Bond 
If the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specifies the form of Covered Bonds as being 
“Temporary Global Covered Bond exchangeable for a Permanent Global Covered Bond”, then the Covered 
Bonds will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Covered Bond which will be exchangeable, in whole 
or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Covered Bond, without interest Coupons, not earlier than forty 
days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Covered Bonds upon certification as to non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership. 
No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Covered Bond unless exchange for interests in 
the Permanent Global Covered Bond is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest payments in respect 
of the Covered Bonds cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Covered Bond is to be exchanged for an interest in a 
Permanent Global Covered Bond, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the prompt delivery 
(free of charge to the bearer) of such Permanent Global Covered Bond, duly authenticated and, in the case of a 
NGCB, effectuated, to the bearer of the Temporary Global Covered Bond or (in the case of any subsequent 
exchange of a part of the Temporary Global Covered Bond) an increase in the principal amount of the 
Permanent Global Covered Bond in accordance with its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Covered 
Bond to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent; and

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
(ii) 
in either case, receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership, 
within seven days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
The principal amount of the Permanent Global Covered Bond shall be equal to the aggregate of the 
principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership; provided, however, that in no 
circumstances shall the principal amount of the Permanent Global Covered Bond exceed the initial principal 
amount of the Temporary Global Covered Bond. 
Temporary Global Covered Bond exchangeable for Definitive Covered Bonds 
If the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specifies the form of Covered Bonds as being 
“Temporary Global Covered Bond exchangeable for Definitive Covered Bonds” and also specifies that the 
TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C Rules or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then 
the Covered Bonds will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Covered Bond which will be 
exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Covered Bonds in definitive form (“Definitive Covered Bonds”) not 
earlier than forty days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Covered Bonds. 
If the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specifies the form of Covered Bonds as being 
“Temporary Global Covered Bond exchangeable for Definitive Covered Bonds” and the TEFRA D Rules are 
specified or are deemed to be applicable, then the Covered Bonds will initially be in the form of a Temporary 
Global Covered Bond which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive Covered Bonds not earlier 
than forty days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Covered Bonds upon certification as to non-
U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Covered Bonds cannot be collected without such 
certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Covered Bond is to be exchanged for Definitive 
Covered Bonds, the Issuer shall procure the delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Covered 
Bonds, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global 
Covered Bond to the bearer of the Temporary Global Covered Bond against the surrender of the Temporary 
Global Covered Bond at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent within thirty days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange save that this paragraph shall not apply if the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specifies 
denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination plus one or more integral multiples of another 
smaller amount. 
Permanent Global Covered Bond exchangeable for Definitive Covered Bonds  
If the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specifies the form of Covered Bonds as being 
“Permanent Global Covered Bond exchangeable for Definitive Covered Bonds”, then the Covered Bonds will 
initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Covered Bond which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in 
part, for Definitive Covered Bonds: 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement; or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as being at the 
option of such holder of Permanent Global Covered Bond, upon such holder’s request save 
that, in relation to Bearer Covered Bonds, this paragraph (ii) shall not apply if the Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement specifies denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more integral multiples of another smaller amount; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specifies “in the limited circumstances 
described in the Permanent Global Covered Bond”, then if Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous 
period of fourteen days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business or in fact does so.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
The Permanent Global Covered Bond will also become exchangeable, in whole but not in part and at 
the option of the Issuer, for Definitive Covered Bonds if, by reason of any change in the laws of Denmark, the 
Issuer will be required to make any withholding or deduction from any payment in respect of the Covered 
Bonds which would not be required if the Covered Bonds were in definitive form. 
Interest-bearing Definitive Covered Bonds will have attached thereto at the time of their initial delivery 
Coupons. Interest-bearing Definitive Covered Bonds, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, will have attached thereto at the time of their initial delivery, Talons for further coupons and the 
expression Coupons shall, where the context so requires, include Talons. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Covered Bond is to be exchanged for Definitive Covered Bonds, the 
Issuer shall procure the delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Covered Bonds, duly 
authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Permanent Global Covered 
Bond to the bearer of the Permanent Global Covered Bond against the surrender of the Permanent Global 
Covered Bond to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent or Registrar within 45 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange save that paragraph (ii) above shall not apply if the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specifies 
denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination plus one or more integral multiples of another 
smaller amount. 
If the Issuer does not make the required delivery of Definitive Covered Bonds by 6.00 p.m. (London 
time) on the day on which the relevant notice period expires or, as the case may be, the thirtieth day after the 
day on which such Permanent Global Covered Bond becomes due to be exchanged, such Permanent Global 
Covered Bond will become void in accordance with its terms but without prejudice to the rights conferred by the 
Deed of Covenant. 
Form of Registered Covered Bonds (other than German Registered Covered Bonds) 
In respect of each Tranche of Covered Bonds issued in registered form, the Issuer will deliver to each 
Covered Bondholder of such Covered Bonds a Registered Covered Bond and the name of the Covered 
Bondholder will be recorded in the register which the Issuer shall procure to be kept by either of the Registrars. 
Registered Covered Bonds will be in substantially the forms (subject to amendment and completion) scheduled 
to the Agency Agreement. Covered Bonds issued in registered form will not be represented upon issue by a 
Temporary Global Covered Bond and Registered Covered Bonds will not be exchangeable for Bearer Covered 
Bonds. 
Registered Covered Bonds held in Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (or any other clearing 
system) will be represented by a global Registered Covered Bond (the “Global Registered Covered Bond”) 
which will be deposited with a common depositary or common safe-keeper, as the case may be for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg (or such other relevant clearing system), and registered in the name of a nominee 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (or such other relevant clearing system) or, in the case of Registered 
Covered Bonds held under the new safekeeping structure (“NSS”), in the name of a nominee of the common 
safe-keeper, as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
The Global Registered Covered Bond will become exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for 
individual Registered Covered Bonds: 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement; or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as being at the 
option of the holder of such Global Registered Covered Bond, upon such holder’s request, in 
all cases at the cost and expense of the Issuer; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specifies “in the limited circumstances 
described in the Permanent Global Covered Bond”, then (a) if Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous 
period of fourteen days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
permanently to cease business or in fact does so or (b) DTC ceases to be a “Clearing Agency” 
registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or (c) Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or DTC, as the case may be, notifies the Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to 
continue as depositary for such Global Registered Covered Bond. 
The Global Registered Covered Bond will become exchangeable, in whole but not in part at the option 
of the Issuer, for individual Registered Covered Bonds if, by reason of any change in the laws of Denmark, the 
Issuer will be required to make any withholding or deduction from any payment in respect of the Covered 
Bonds which would not be required if the Covered Bonds are in individual form. 
Whenever the Global Registered Covered Bond is to be exchanged for individual Registered Covered 
Bonds, such Registered Covered Bonds will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of the Global Registered Covered Bond within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf of the 
registered holder of the Global Registered Covered Bond, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to the 
Registrar of such information as is required to complete and deliver such Registered Covered Bonds (including, 
without limitation, the names and addresses of the persons in whose names the Registered Covered Bonds are to 
be registered and the principal amount of each such person’s holding) against the surrender of the Global 
Registered Covered Bond at the Specified Office of the Registrar. Such exchange will be effected in accordance 
with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the regulations concerning the transfer and registration of 
Covered Bonds scheduled thereto and, in particular, shall be effected without charge to any holder, but against 
such indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may 
be levied or imposed in connection with such exchange. 
If (a) individual Registered Covered Bonds have not been issued and delivered by 6.00 p.m. (London 
time) on the thirtieth day after the date on which the same are due to be issued and delivered in accordance with 
the terms of the Global Registered Covered Bond or (b) any of the Covered Bonds evidenced by the Global 
Registered Covered Bond has become due and payable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions or the date 
for final redemption of the Covered Bonds has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of 
principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the holder of the Global Registered 
Covered Bond on the due date for payment in accordance with the terms of the Global Registered Covered 
Bond, then the Global Registered Covered Bond (including the obligation to deliver Registered Covered Bonds) 
will become void at 6.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 6.00 p.m. 
(London time) on such date (in the case of (b) above) and the holder will have no further rights thereunder (but 
without prejudice to the rights which the holder or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). Under the 
Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (or any other 
relevant clearing system) as being entitled to interests in the Covered Bonds will acquire directly against the 
Issuer all those rights to which they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Global Registered 
Covered Bond became void, they had been the registered holders of Covered Bonds in an aggregate principal 
amount equal to the principal amount of Covered Bonds they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system (as the case may be). 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Covered Bonds and Clearing System procedures  
The Terms and Conditions applicable to any Covered Bond in global form or any Definitive Covered 
Bond will be endorsed on that Covered Bond and will consist of the Terms and Conditions set out under 
“Standard Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” below and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms 
which completes or (in the case of Exempt Covered Bonds only) the relevant Pricing Supplement which 
completes and/or amends and/or replaces those Terms and Conditions. 
While the Covered Bonds are in global form, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligations under 
the Covered Bonds by making payments (i) to a common depositary (for Bearer Covered Bonds which are 
CGCBs and Global Reg. S Covered Bonds which are not held under the NSS) or (ii) to a common safe-keeper 
(for Bearer Covered Bonds which are NGCBs or Global Reg. S Covered Bonds which are held under the NSS) 
or (iii) to the Custodian for, and registered in the name of Cede & Co. as nominee for, DTC (for Global 
Restricted Covered Bonds). A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Covered Bond or a Global Registered 
Covered Bond must rely on the procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
may be, to receive payments under the relevant Covered Bonds. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for 
the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in such a Global Covered Bond or 
Global Registered Covered Bond (as applicable). 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Covered Bonds having a maturity of more than one year, the Covered 
Bonds in global form and the Covered Bonds in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining 
thereto will bear a legend to the following effect: 
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue 
Code.” 
The sections referred to in such legend provide that a United States person who holds a Covered Bond, 
Coupon or Talon will generally not be allowed to deduct any loss realised on the sale, exchange or redemption 
of such Covered Bond, Coupon or Talon and any gain (which might otherwise be characterised as capital gain) 
recognised on such sale, exchange or redemption will be treated as ordinary income. 
Registered Covered Bonds - DTC Information 
DTC will act as securities depositary for the Global Reg. S Covered Bonds and the Global Restricted 
Covered Bonds. The Global Reg. S Covered Bonds and the Global Restricted Covered Bonds will be issued as 
fully registered securities registered in the name of Cede & Co. The deposit of such Covered Bonds with DTC 
and their registration in the name of Cede & Co. will effect no change in beneficial ownership. DTC has no 
knowledge of the actual beneficial owners of the Registered Covered Bonds; DTC’s records reflect only the 
identity of the participants to whose accounts such Covered Bonds are credited, which may or may not be the 
beneficial owners of the Registered Covered Bonds. 
DTC has advised the Issuer as follows: “DTC is a limited-purpose trust company organised under the 
New York Banking Law, a “banking organisation” within the meaning of the New York Banking Law, a 
member of the Federal Reserve System, a “clearing corporation” within the meaning of the New York 
Uniform Commercial Code and a “clearing agency” registered pursuant to the provisions of section 17A of the 
United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934. DTC holds securities that its Participants (“Direct 
Participants”) deposit with DTC. DTC also facilitates the settlement among Participants of securities 
transactions, such as transfers and pledges, in deposited securities through electronic computerised book-entry 
changes in Participants’ accounts, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of securities certificates. 
Direct Participants include securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations and 
certain other organisations. DTC is owned by a number of its Direct Participants and by the New York Stock 
Exchange, Inc., the American Stock Exchange, Inc., and the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. 
Access to the DTC system is also available to others such as securities brokers and dealers, banks and trust 
companies that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a Direct Participant, either directly or 
indirectly (“Indirect Participants” and, together with the Direct Participants, the “Participants”). The rules 
applicable to DTC and its Participants are on file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.” 
Voting of Registered Covered Bonds 
Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. will consent or vote with respect to the Registered Covered Bonds 
represented by the Global Registered Covered Bonds. However, DTC has advised the Issuer that it will take any 
action permitted to be taken by a holder of Registered Covered Bonds represented by the Global Registered 
Covered Bonds (including, without limitation, the delivery of consent, the exercise of voting rights, or the 
presentation of a Global Registered Covered Bond for exchange as described above) at the direction of one or 
more agent members to whose account with DTC interests in a Global Registered Covered Bond are credited 
and only in respect of such portion of the aggregate principal amount of the Registered Covered Bonds as to 
which such agent member or agent members has or have given such direction.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
Purchase of Registered Covered Bonds 
Purchases of Registered Covered Bonds represented by the Global Registered Covered Bonds under 
the DTC system must be made by or through Direct Participants, which will receive a credit for the Registered 
Covered Bonds on DTC’s records. The ownership interest of each actual purchaser of a Registered Covered 
Bond (a “Beneficial Owner”) held through DTC is in turn recorded on the Direct and Indirect Participants’ 
records. Beneficial Owners will not receive written confirmation from DTC of their purchase but are expected to 
receive written confirmations regarding details of the transaction, as well as periodic statements of their 
holdings, from the Direct or Indirect Participants through which the Beneficial Owners entered into the 
transaction. Transfer of ownership interests in Registered Covered Bonds represented by the Global Registered 
Covered Bonds held by DTC are accomplished by entries made on the books of Participants acting on behalf of 
Beneficial Owners. Beneficial Owners will not receive certificates representing their ownership interests in 
Registered Covered Bonds represented by the Global Registered Covered Bonds from DTC, except in the event 
that the use of the book-entry system for the Covered Bonds is discontinued. 
Principal and Interest payments 
Principal and interest payments on Registered Covered Bonds represented by the Global Registered 
Covered Bonds held by DTC will be made to Cede & Co., as nominee of DTC. DTC’s practice is to credit 
Direct Participants’ accounts, upon DTC’s receipt of funds and corresponding detail information from the Issuer 
or the Paying Agent, on the payment date in accordance with their respective holdings shown on DTC’s records 
unless DTC has reason to believe that it will not receive payment on the payment date. Payments by Direct 
Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the 
case with securities held for the accounts of customers in bearer form or registered in “street name”, and will be 
the responsibility of such Participant and not of DTC, the Fiscal Agent, the other Paying Agents or the Issuer, 
subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time. Payment of principal 
and interest to Cede & Co., is the responsibility of the Issuer or the Fiscal Agent or any other Paying Agents, as 
the case may be. Disbursement of payment received by DTC to Direct Participants shall be the responsibility of 
DTC. Disbursement of such payments to the Beneficial Owners shall be the responsibility of Direct and Indirect 
Participants. 
The laws of some states within the United States require that certain persons take physical delivery of 
securities in definitive form. Consequently, any transfer of beneficial interests in a Global Registered Covered 
Bond to such persons may require that such interests be exchanged for Registered Covered Bonds in definitive 
form. Because DTC can only act on behalf of Direct Participants which, in turn, act on behalf of Indirect 
Participants and certain banks, the ability of a person having a beneficial interest in a Global Registered Covered 
Bond to pledge such interest to persons or entities that do not participate in the DTC system, or otherwise take 
action in respect of such interest, may be affected by the lack of a physical registered certificate. 
DTC may discontinue providing its services as securities depositary with respect to Registered Covered 
Bonds at any time by giving reasonable notice to the Issuer and the Paying Agents. Under such circumstances, 
in the event that a successor securities depositary is not obtained, Registered Covered Bonds in definitive form 
would be delivered to individual Covered Bondholders. In addition, the Issuer may decide to discontinue use of 
the system of book-entry transfers through DTC (or a successor securities depositary). In that event, Registered 
Covered Bonds in definitive form would be delivered to individual Covered Bondholders. 
German Registered Covered Bonds 
German Registered Covered Bonds will be in German law registered form (gedeckte 
Namensschuldverschreibungen), in definitive, certificated form. Transfers of German Registered Covered 
Bonds will take place through assignment and registration in the German Registered Covered Bonds Register. 
Each person who is for the time being shown in the German Registered Covered Bonds Register as the holder of 
a particular nominal amount of such German Registered Covered Bonds may be treated by the Issuer, the 
Registrar, the Fiscal Agent and any other Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such German 
Registered Covered Bonds for all purposes.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
Form of VP Systems Covered Bonds 
Each Tranche of VP Systems Covered Bonds will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book 
entry form. The VP Systems Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will not be evidenced by any physical 
note or document of title other than statements of account made by VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden. Legal title to 
the VP Systems Covered Bonds will be evidenced by book entries in the records of VP, VPS or Euroclear 
Sweden (as the case may be). A holder of VP Systems Covered Bonds will have to rely on the clearing system 
procedures to receive payments under the relevant VP Systems Covered Bonds. Issues of VP Systems Covered 
Bonds are the subject of the VP Systems Agency Agreement. On the issue of such VP Systems Covered Bonds, 
the Issuer will send a copy of the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement to the Fiscal Agent, with a copy 
sent to the VP Systems Agent. On delivery of the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement by the VP 
Systems Agent to VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden (as the case may be) and notification to VP, VPS or Euroclear 
Sweden (as the case may be) of the subscribers and their VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden (as the case may be) 
account details by the relevant Dealer(s), the VP Systems Agent, acting on behalf of the Issuer, will give 
instructions to VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden (as the case may be) to credit each subscribing account holder 
with VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden (as the case may be) with a nominal amount of VP Systems Covered Bonds 
equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VP Systems Covered Bonds in VP, VPS or 
Euroclear Sweden (as the case may be) will take place in accordance with market practice at the time of the 
transaction. Transfers of interests in the relevant VP Systems Covered Bonds will take place in accordance with 
the rules and procedures for the time being of VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden (as the case may be). 
General  
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC and/or VP, VPS or 
Euroclear Sweden (as the case may be) shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference 
to any additional or alternative clearing system approved by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the other Paying 
Agents and the relevant Covered Bondholders. 
Unless otherwise expressly stated, references to “Conditions” in this Base Prospectus are to the terms 
and conditions of the Covered Bonds in the section “Standard Terms and Conditions” (and not to the German 
Terms and Conditions).

--- Page 53 ---
Standard Terms and Conditions 
 
 
53 
 
 
STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The following are the Standard Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds which, as completed by 
the relevant Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Covered Bonds only, other than German Registered Covered 
Bonds) as completed and/or amended and/or replaced by the relevant Pricing Supplement, will be incorporated 
by reference into each global Covered Bond and each definitive Covered Bond (other than German Registered 
Covered Bonds), in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if 
any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, 
such definitive Covered Bond will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The 
Standard Terms and Conditions will also be applicable to each VP Systems Covered Bond. VP Systems Covered 
Bonds will not be evidenced by any physical covered bond or document of title other than statements of account 
made by VP, VPS, or Euroclear Sweden (as the case may be). Ownership of VP Systems Covered Bonds will be 
recorded and transfer effected only through the book entry system and register maintained by VP, VPS, or 
Euroclear Sweden (as the case may be). 
The relevant Pricing Supplement in relation to any Tranche of Exempt Covered Bonds may specify 
other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Standard 
Terms and Conditions, amend and/or replace the Standard Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such 
Covered Bonds. 
Reference should be made to “Form of the Covered Bonds” for a description of the content of the 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the 
relevant Covered Bonds. 
1. 
Introduction 
1.1 
Agency Agreement: This Covered Bond is one of a Series (as defined below) of Covered Bonds issued 
by Danske Bank A/S (the “Issuer”) pursuant either to (A) an Agency Agreement (as may be amended 
or supplemented from time to time, the “Agency Agreement”) dated 8 November 2019 between the 
Issuer, Citibank, N.A., London Branch as Fiscal Agent and the other agents named in it; or (B) in the 
case of VP Systems Covered Bonds, an agency agreement (as may be amended or supplemented from 
time to time, the “VP Systems Agency Agreement”) dated 8 November 2019 between the Issuer and 
the agents named in it and the Agency Agreement to the extent specified therein and, except in relation 
to VP Systems Covered Bonds, with the benefit of a Deed of Covenant (as may be amended or 
supplemented from time to time, the “Deed of Covenant”) dated 8 November 2019 executed by the 
Issuer in relation to the Covered Bonds 
1.2 
References herein to the “Covered Bonds” shall be references to the Covered Bonds of this Series and 
shall mean: 
(i) 
in relation to any Covered Bonds represented by a global Covered Bond, units of the lowest 
Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(ii) 
(in the case of Bearer Covered Bonds) definitive Bearer Covered Bonds issued in exchange 
(or part exchange) for a global Covered Bond; 
(iii) 
(in the case of Registered Covered Bonds) definitive Registered Covered Bonds; 
(iv) 
any global Covered Bond; and 
(v) 
Covered Bonds cleared through the Danish, Norwegian or Swedish (as the case may be) 
central securities depository (“VP Systems Covered Bonds” and the “VP”, “VPS”, and 
“Euroclear Sweden” respectively). 
References herein to the “Exempt Covered Bonds” are to Covered Bonds for which no prospectus is 
required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 54 ---
Standard Terms and Conditions 
 
 
54 
 
 
1.3 
Fiscal and Paying Agent: The fiscal agent, the VP systems agent, the paying agents, the registrar and 
the calculations agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the “Fiscal 
Agent”, the “VP Systems Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which expression shall include the Fiscal 
Agent), the “Registrar” and the “Calculation Agent(s)”. Each Tranche of VP Systems Covered Bonds 
will be created and held in uncertificated book entry form in accounts with VP, VPS or Euroclear 
Sweden (as the case may be). The VP Systems Agent will act as agent of the Issuer in respect of all 
dealings with VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden (as the case may be) in respect of VP Systems Covered 
Bonds.  
1.4 
Interest Bearing Covered Bonds: Interest bearing definitive Bearer Covered Bonds have interest 
coupons (“Coupons”) and, if specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, talons for 
further Coupons (“Talons”) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, 
unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Registered 
Covered Bonds, in definitive or global form, do not have Coupons attached on issue. 
1.5 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement: Each Tranche of Covered Bonds other than Exempt Covered 
Bonds is the subject of a final terms document (the “Final Terms”) which completes these Terms and 
Conditions (these “Conditions”). Each Tranche of Exempt Covered Bonds is the subject of a pricing 
supplement (the “Pricing Supplement”) which completes and/or amends and/or replaces these 
Conditions. References to the “relevant Final Terms” or “relevant Pricing Supplement” are to the Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement (or the relevant provisions thereof) which are (except in the case of VP 
Systems Covered Bonds) attached to or endorsed on this Covered Bond. The terms and conditions 
applicable to any particular Tranche of Covered Bonds are these Conditions as completed by the 
relevant Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Covered Bonds only) as completed and/or amended 
and/or replaced by the relevant Pricing Supplement. In the event of any inconsistency between these 
Conditions and the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement shall prevail. 
1.6 
Summaries: The statements in these Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. Copies of the Agency Agreement, the VP Systems Agency 
Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are obtainable during normal business hours at the Specified 
Office of each of the Paying Agents and the Registrar. If this Covered Bond is admitted to trading on 
the regulated market of The Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext 
Dublin”), the relevant Final Terms will be available for viewing on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
www.ise.ie/Debt-Securities/Individual-Debt-Securities-Data. The Covered Bondholders and the 
Couponholders are deemed to have notice of all the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement which are applicable to them. 
2. 
Interpretation 
2.1 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
“Accrual Yield” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Adjustment Spread” means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or methodology 
for calculating a spread, which the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any) 
and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines is required to be applied 
to the relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) in order to 
reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the relevant circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to the Covered Bondholders as a result of the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology which:

--- Page 55 ---
Standard Terms and Conditions 
 
 
55 
 
 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with such Successor Reference Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate for which no such recommendation has been made 
or in the case of an Alternative Reference Rate, the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser (if any) and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, determines is recognised or acknowledged as being in customary market usage in 
international debt capital markets transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, 
where such rate has been replaced by such Successor Reference Rate or the Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable); or 
(iii) 
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the Issuer, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser (if applicable) and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the relevant 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the relevant Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); or 
(iv) 
if no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged, the Issuer, in its discretion, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any) and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate; 
“Alternative Reference Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate that the Issuer 
(following consultation with an Independent Adviser (if applicable)) determines has replaced the 
Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in respect of 
covered bonds denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable duration to the relevant 
Interest Periods, or, if the Issuer (following consultation with an Independent Adviser (if applicable)) 
determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Issuer (following consultation with an 
Independent Adviser (if applicable)) determines in its discretion is most comparable to the Original 
Reference Rate; 
“Applicable Business Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement; 
“Applicable Financial Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
 “Bearer Covered Bonds” means Covered Bonds issued in bearer form; 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five Business Days 
or ceasing to exist; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate stating that it will, by a 
specified date within the following six months, cease to publish the Original Reference Rate, 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been 
appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate stating 
that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be, by a specified date within the following 
six months, permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor or the administrator of the Original Reference Rate stating 
that the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be 
subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case within the following six months; 
or

--- Page 56 ---
Standard Terms and Conditions 
 
 
56 
 
 
(v) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for the Calculation 
Agent or any other agents party to the Agency Agreement to calculate any payments due to be 
made to the Covered Bondholders using the Original Reference Rate; 
“Broken Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of Interest Determination Dates only, where the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement specifies a “Business Day” preceded by a city for the purposes of the Interest 
Determination Date(s), a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in that city; and 
(ii) 
in all other cases, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in each Applicable Business Centre, and if TARGET is an 
Applicable Business Centre, a TARGET Settlement Day; 
“Business Day Convention”, in relation to any particular date, shall be as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, may have different meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, the 
following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
“Following Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
“Modified Following Business Day Convention” or “Modified Business Day Convention” 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business 
Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first 
preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
“Preceding Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be brought forward 
to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
“FRN Convention”, “Floating Rate Convention” or “Eurodollar Convention” means that 
each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date 
in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding 
such date occurred provided, however, that: 
(a) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any 
such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in 
that calendar month; 
(b) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such 
date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in 
the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a 
Business Day; and 
(c) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(v) 
“No Adjustment” means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention; 
“Calculation Agent” means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest

--- Page 57 ---
Standard Terms and Conditions 
 
 
57 
 
 
Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement; 
“Calculation Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Call Option” has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Category of Covered Bonds” means the relevant Issuer Cover Pool ascribed to the Covered Bonds in 
the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“CIBOR” means the Copenhagen interbank offered rate; 
“CITA” means the Copenhagen interbank tomorrow/next average rate; 
“Clearing System Business Day” means any day other than (i) Saturdays and Sundays and (ii) 1 
January and 25 December; 
“Clearstream, Luxembourg” means Clearstream Banking S.A.; 
“Couponholders” means the holders of the Coupons, and such expression shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, include the holders of Talons; 
“Covered Bondholders” means the holders for the time being of the Covered Bonds, and such 
expression shall in relation to any Covered Bonds represented by a global Covered Bond and in 
relation to VP Systems Covered Bonds, be construed as provided below; 
“Danish Covered Bond Legislation” means the Danish Financial Business Act (lov om finansiel 
virksomhed) and relevant executive orders (bekendtgørelser) and regulations thereto as may be 
supplemented, amended, modified or varied from time to time, as well as any judicial decisions and 
administrative pronouncements all of which are subject to change, including with retroactive effect; 
“Danish Financial Business Act” means the Danish Financial Business Act (Consolidated Act No. 
937 of 6 September 2019, as amended or replaced from time to time); 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Covered 
Bond for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) 
(whether or not constituting an Interest Period) (the “Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified hereon, 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during which 
it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Regular Period and (y) the number of Regular Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods normally ending in 
any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Regular 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Regular 
Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods normally ending in any year; 
(ii) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a 
leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365);

--- Page 58 ---
Standard Terms and Conditions 
 
 
58 
 
 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
360
)
D
- 
(D
 
)]
M
- 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
- 
(Y
 x 
[360
 
1
2
1
2
1
2



 Fraction
Count
Day 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
360
)
D
- 
(D
 
)]
M
- 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
- 
(Y
 x 
[360
 
1
2
1
2
1
2



 Fraction
Count
Day 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
360
)
D
- 
(D
 
)]
M
- 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
- 
(Y
 x 
[360
 
1
2
1
2
1
2



 Fraction
Count
Day 
 
where:

--- Page 59 ---
Standard Terms and Conditions 
 
 
59 
 
 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but 
not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30;  
“Designated Maturity” means, in respect of any Covered Bond for which (i) the Floating Rate 
Covered Bond Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as being 
applicable and (ii) Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, the period of time designated in the relevant Reference 
Rate;  
“Early Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Covered Bond, its Outstanding Principal 
Amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or calculated or determined in accordance with, 
these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Early Redemption Amount (Tax)” means, in respect of any Covered Bond, its Outstanding Principal 
Amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or calculated or determined in accordance with, 
these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Early Termination Amount” means, in respect of any Covered Bond, its Outstanding Principal 
Amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or calculated or determined in accordance with, 
these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“EONIA” means the euro overnight index average rate; 
“Euroclear” means Euroclear Bank SA/NV; 
“Euroclear Sweden” means Euroclear Sweden AB, the Swedish central securities depository; 
“Exempt Covered Bonds” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 1.2; 
“Extended Maturity Date” means the date falling no later than twelve months from the Maturity Date 
of the Covered Bonds, subject to any adjustments as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement; 
“Extraordinary Resolution” has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
“Final Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Covered Bond, its Outstanding Principal 
Amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Fixed Coupon Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“IA Determination Cut-Off Date” means the date that is no later than five Business Days prior to the 
Interest Determination Date relating to the next Interest Period; 
“Interest Accrual Period” means (i) each Interest Period and (ii) any other period (if any) in respect of 
which interest is to be calculated, being the period from (and including) the first day of such period to 
(but excluding) the day on which the relevant payment of interest falls due;

--- Page 60 ---
Standard Terms and Conditions 
 
 
60 
 
 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets, in each case 
selected and appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
“Interest Amount” means, in relation to a Calculation Amount and an Interest Period, the amount of 
interest payable in respect of the Calculation Amount for that Interest Period; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date of the Covered Bonds or such other date as 
may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement; 
“Interest Determination Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement; 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and, if a Business Day 
Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as being the Specified Period, each of such dates 
as may occur in accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest 
Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest 
Payment Date (in any other case); 
“Interest Period” means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated as at the date of issue 
of the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement)) as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, 
Inc.; 
“Issue Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Margin” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Maturity Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Maximum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement; 
“Member States” means the member states of the European Economic Area; 
“Minimum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement; 
“NIBOR” means the Norwegian interbank offered rate; 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Call)” means, in respect of any Covered Bond, its Outstanding 
Principal Amount, or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, 
these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Put)” means, in respect of any Covered Bond, its Outstanding 
Principal Amount, or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, 
these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Optional Redemption Date (Call)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement;

--- Page 61 ---
Standard Terms and Conditions 
 
 
61 
 
 
“Optional Redemption Date (Put)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement; 
“Original Reference Rate” means:  
(i) 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally specified for the purpose of 
determining the relevant Rate of Interest of the Covered Bonds; or  
(ii) 
any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate which has been determined in 
relation to such benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant to the operation of 
Condition 5.2.9 (Reference Rate Replacement); 
“Outstanding Principal Amount” means, in respect of a Covered Bond, its principal amount 
outstanding or otherwise as specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Payment Business Day” means: 
(i) 
if relevant, a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments generally; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each Applicable Financial Centre, and 
if TARGET is an Applicable Financial Centre, a TARGET Settlement Day; 
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
“Private Placement Legend” means the legend set forth in the form of Registered Covered Bonds 
scheduled to the Agency Agreement; 
“Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129; 
“Put Option Notice” means a notice, in the form available from the Specified Office of any Paying 
Agent, or in the case of Registered Covered Bonds, the Registrar which must be delivered to a Paying 
Agent or the Registrar by any Covered Bondholder wanting to exercise its right to require the Issuer to 
redeem a Covered Bond; 
“Put Option Receipt” means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent or, in the case of Registered Covered 
Bonds, the Registrar to a depositing Covered Bondholder upon deposit of a Covered Bond with such 
Paying Agent or the Registrar by any Covered Bondholder wanting to exercise its right to require the 
Issuer to redeem a Covered Bond; 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Covered Bonds specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement or calculated 
or determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement and subject, at all times, if any such rate is below zero, that such rate will be 
deemed to be zero, unless otherwise stated in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Record Date” has the meaning given to such term in Condition 6.2.8 (Registered Covered Bonds - 
Payments); 
“Redemption Amount” means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount, the Early Redemption Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Put), the Early Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a 
redemption amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Reference Banks” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement or, if 
none, four major banks selected by the Calculation Agent with the assistance of the Issuer in the market 
that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate;

--- Page 62 ---
Standard Terms and Conditions 
 
 
62 
 
 
“Reference Price” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Reference Rate” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, subject as 
provided in Condition 5.2.9 (Reference Rate Replacement). In the case of Covered Bonds other than 
Exempt Covered Bonds, the Reference Rate shall be any one of Compounded Daily SONIA, LIBOR, 
EURIBOR, CIBOR, CITA, STIBOR, NIBOR and EONIA, subject as provided in Condition 5.2.9 
(Reference Rate Replacement); 
“Register” means a register established and maintained by the Issuer pursuant to the Danish Covered 
Bond Legislation; 
“Registered Covered Bonds” means Covered Bonds issued in registered form; 
“Registered Holder” means the persons in whose name a Registered Covered Bond is for the time 
being registered by the Registrar; 
“Regular Period” means: 
(i) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding 
the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including one Interest 
Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled 
to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date 
falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where “Regular Date” means the 
day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from 
and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, 
where “Regular Date” means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest 
Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular 
Interest Period; 
“Relevant Date” means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received in the 
Applicable Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due 
date, the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to 
the Covered Bondholders; 
“Relevant Financial Centre” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement; 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference Rate relates, or any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
such Original Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference Rate relates, 
(b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of such Original Reference Rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks 
or other supervisory authorities, or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; 
“Relevant Screen Page” means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, the Reuters Money 3000 Service) specified as the Relevant Screen Page 
in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, or such other page, section or other part as may 
replace it on that information service or such other information service, in each case, as may be

--- Page 63 ---
Standard Terms and Conditions 
 
 
63 
 
 
nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of 
displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
“Relevant Time” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Reset Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Restricted Securities” has the meaning ascribed to such term in Rule 144(a)(3) under the United 
States Securities Act 1933; 
“Senior Debt” means loans that may be taken out to purchase assets which are in turn added to the 
Cover Pool in the event that the Issuer is required to post additional collateral; 
“Series” means a Tranche of Covered Bonds together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Covered 
Bonds which are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) identical in all 
respects (including as to listing) except for their respective Issue Dates, the date of the first payment of 
interest, if any, the amount and/or the Issue Price; 
“SONIA” means the Sterling Overnight Index Average; 
“Specified Currency” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“Specified Denomination(s)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement; 
“Specified Office” has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
“Specified Period” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
“STIBOR” means the Stockholm interbank offered rate; 
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any Person (the “first Person”) at any particular time, any other 
Person (the “second Person”): 
(i) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, whether by 
ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the 
governing body of the second Person or otherwise; or 
(ii) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person; 
“Successor Reference Rate” means the rate that the Issuer (following consultation with an 
Independent Adviser (if applicable)) determines is a successor to or replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
“Talon” means a talon for further Coupons; 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-time 
Gross settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (“TARGET”) which was launched on 19 
November 2007 or any successor thereto is open for the settlement of payments in euro; 
“Tranche” means Covered Bonds which are identical in all respects (including as to listing); 
“VP” means VP Securities Services (Værdipapircentralen A/S), the Danish central securities 
depository; 
 “VPS” means the Norwegian Central Securities Depository (Verdipapirsentralen), the Norwegian 
central securities depository; 
“VP Systems Covered Bonds” means Covered Bonds issued in uncertificated book entry form cleared 
through VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden (as the case may be); and 
“Zero Coupon Covered Bonds” means a Covered Bond specified as such in the relevant Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 64 ---
Standard Terms and Conditions 
 
 
64 
 
 
2.2 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
Covered Bonds and Covered Bondholders shall be deemed to include references to Coupons 
and Coupon-holders, respectively, where relevant; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as being attached to 
the Covered Bonds at the time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include 
references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as being attached 
to the Covered Bonds at the time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any additional 
amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 8 (Taxation), any 
premium payable in respect of a Covered Bond and any other amount in the nature of 
principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of 
interest which may be payable under Condition 8 (Taxation) and any other amount in the 
nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Covered Bonds being “outstanding” shall be construed in accordance with the 
Agency Agreement; 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2.1 (Definitions) to have the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, but the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement gives no such meaning or specifies that such expression is “not applicable” then 
such expression is not applicable to the Covered Bonds; 
(viii) 
any reference to the Agency Agreement or the Deed of Covenant shall be construed as a 
reference to the Agency Agreement or the Deed of Covenant, as the case may be, as amended 
and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue Date of the Covered Bonds; 
(ix) 
VP Systems Covered Bonds are in dematerialised form, and any references in these 
Conditions to Coupons and Talons shall not apply to VP Systems Covered Bonds and no 
global or definitive Covered Bonds will be issued in respect thereof; and 
(x) 
if the Covered Bonds are Zero Coupon Covered Bonds, references to Coupons and 
Couponholders are not applicable. 
2.3 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement prevails: Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement 
or used in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement shall have the same meanings where used in 
these Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that in 
the event of any inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement will prevail. 
3. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
3.1 
Form of the Covered Bonds: The Covered Bonds are issued in bearer form (the Bearer Covered 
Bonds), registered form (the Registered Covered Bonds) or in the case of VP Systems Covered Bonds, 
uncertificated book entry form and, in the case of definitive Covered Bonds, serially numbered, in the 
Specified Currency and the Specified Denomination(s). Save as provided in Condition 11 (Transfer 
and Exchange of Registered Covered Bonds), Covered Bonds of one Specified Denomination may not 
be exchanged for Covered Bonds of another Specified Denomination. 
3.2 
No Exchange: Bearer Covered Bonds may not be exchanged for Registered Covered Bonds and vice 
versa. VP Systems Covered Bonds may not be exchanged for Bearer Covered Bonds or Registered 
Covered Bonds and vice versa.

--- Page 65 ---
Standard Terms and Conditions 
 
 
65 
 
 
The Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, Floating Rate Covered Bonds, Zero Coupon 
Covered Bonds or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in 
the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement.  
3.3 
Title to Covered Bond in definitive form: Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Covered Bonds 
and Coupons will pass by delivery and title to the individual Registered Covered Bonds will pass upon 
registration of transfers in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. The Issuer and the 
Replacement Agent (as defined in the Agency Agreement), the Registrar and any Paying Agent may 
deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Covered Bond or Coupon and the registered holder of any 
Registered Covered Bond as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding 
any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all 
purposes however, in the case of any global Covered Bond, without prejudice to the provisions set out 
in Condition 3.4 (Title to Global Covered Bond). 
3.4 
Title to Global Covered Bond: For so long as any of the Covered Bonds is represented by a Bearer 
Global Covered Bond held on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, or for so long as 
The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) or its nominee is the registered holder of a Registered Global 
Covered Bond, each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time 
being shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC (as the case may be) as 
the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Covered Bonds (in which regard any certificate or 
other document issued by such clearing system as to the nominal amount of such Covered Bonds 
standing to the account of any person shall, save in the case of manifest error, be conclusive and 
binding for all purposes, including any form of statement or print out of electronic records provided by 
the relevant clearing system in accordance with its usual procedures and in which the holder of a 
particular nominal amount of such Covered Bonds is clearly identified together with the amount of 
such holding) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Replacement Agent and any other 
Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Covered Bonds for all purposes other than 
(in the case only of Covered Bonds not being VP Systems Covered Bonds) with respect to the payment 
of principal or interest on the Covered Bonds, for which purpose, in the case of Covered Bonds 
represented by a Bearer Global Covered Bond, the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Covered Bond 
or, in the case of a Registered Global Covered Bond, the registered holder of the relevant Registered 
Global Covered Bond, shall be treated by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and any other Paying Agent as 
the holder of such Covered Bonds in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant global 
Covered Bond and the expressions “Covered Bondholder” and “ Covered Bondholders” and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
3.5 
Title to VP Systems Covered Bonds: Title to the VP Systems Covered Bonds will pass by registration in 
the registers between the direct or indirect accountholders at VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden (as the case 
may be) in accordance with the rules and procedures of VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden (as the case may 
be). Where a nominee is so evidenced, it shall be treated by the Issuer as the holder of the relevant VP 
Systems Covered Bond. The holder of a VP Systems Covered Bond will be the person evidenced as 
such by a book entry in the records of VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden (as the case may be). 
4. 
Status of the Covered Bonds 
Each relevant Category of Covered Bonds constitutes ordinary and unsubordinated obligations, issued 
in accordance with, and subject to, the Danish Covered Bond Legislation and ranks pari passu among 
themselves and with related derivative contracts contained in the relevant Issuer Cover Pool (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement). Senior Debt (if any) ranks immediately 
thereafter. To the extent that claims in relation to the relevant Category of Covered Bonds and related 
derivative contracts, any refinancing bonds issued by the administrator, any short-term loans taken out 
by the administrator and any Senior Debt (if any) issued with the benefit of the assets in the relevant 
Issuer Cover Pool are not met out of the pool of assets or the proceeds arising from it, the residual 
claims will rank pari passu with the unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, including

--- Page 66 ---
Standard Terms and Conditions 
 
 
66 
 
 
obligations under preferred senior obligations, and ahead of the obligations under the non-preferred 
senior debt obligations of the Issuer as well as ahead of the subordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
5. 
Interest 
5.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
5.1.1 
Interest: Each Fixed Rate Covered Bond bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. 
Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the 
Maturity Date. 
5.1.2 
Fixed Coupon Amount and Broken Amount: Except as provided in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, the amount of interest payable in respect of the Calculation Amount for any Interest 
Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount or the relevant Broken Amount, as the case may be. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Covered Bond is the Calculation Amount, the amount of 
interest payable in respect of such Covered Bond shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount or the 
relevant Broken Amount, as the case may be. Where the Specified Denomination of a Covered Bond 
comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such 
Covered Bond shall be the aggregate of the Fixed Coupon Amounts or the Broken Amounts, as the 
case may be, for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified Denomination. 
5.1.3 
Calculation of Interest Amount: If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than an Interest 
Period or if no Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount shall be calculated by 
applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product thereof by the 
applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant 
Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Covered Bond is the 
Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Covered Bond shall be the 
amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount. Where the Specified 
Denomination of a Covered Bond comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of such Covered Bond shall be the aggregate of the amounts (determined in the 
manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified Denomination, without 
any further rounding. 
5.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
5.2.1 
Interest: Each Floating Rate Covered Bond bears interest at the Rate(s) of Interest as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement on its outstanding nominal amount from (and including) 
the Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear for each Interest Period on 
either: 
(i) 
the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement; or 
(ii) 
if no Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, each date, which falls the number of months or other period specified as the 
Specified Period in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement after the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
5.2.2 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate(s) of 
Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or 
minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement) the Margin (if any). For the 
purposes of this Condition 5.2.2, “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating

--- Page 67 ---
Standard Terms and Conditions 
 
 
67 
 
 
Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the 
Calculation Agent was acting as Calculation Agent (as such term is defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and 
under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement; and 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.2.2, “Floating Rate”, “Floating Rate Option”, “Designated 
Maturity” and “Reset Date” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
5.2.3 
Screen Rate Determination:  
(A) 
Screen Rate Determination – where the applicable Reference Rate is other than Compounded 
Daily SONIA: 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as 
the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined and the applicable 
Reference Rate is a rate other than Compounded Daily SONIA, the Rate of Interest applicable 
to the Covered Bonds for each Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent on 
the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, 
the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the 
Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date; 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(iii) 
if, in the case of Condition 5.2.3(i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, 
in the case of Condition 5.2.3(ii) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page 
or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, the Calculation Agent 
will: 
(a) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each the Reference 
Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the 
Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in that market at that time; and 
(b) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(iv) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent 
will determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference 
Rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the principal 
financial centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the Calculation Agent, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency) on the first day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified 
Currency to leading European banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period 
and in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that 
time,  
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or 
(as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the 
Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in

--- Page 68 ---
Standard Terms and Conditions 
 
 
68 
 
 
accordance with the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Covered Bonds during such Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and 
the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the Covered 
Bonds in respect of the last preceding Interest Period. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination – where the applicable Reference Rate is Compounded Daily 
SONIA 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as 
the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined and the applicable 
Reference Rate is Compounded Daily SONIA, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered 
Bonds for each Interest Accrual Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
following basis: 
(i) 
with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the Calculation Agent will calculate the rate of 
return (“Compounded Daily SONIA”) of a daily compound interest investment during the 
Observation Period corresponding to such Interest Accrual Period (with the daily Sterling 
overnight reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
 
where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“do” is the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London 
Banking Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period to, and including, the last 
London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London; 
“ni”, for any London Banking Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such London Banking Day “i” up to (but excluding) the following London 
Banking Day; 
“Observation Period” means the period from (and including) the date falling “p” 
London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period to 
(but excluding) the date falling “p” London Banking Days prior to (A) (in the case of 
an Interest Period) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period or (B) (in the 
case of any other Interest Accrual Period) the date on which the relevant payment of 
interest falls due;

--- Page 69 ---
Standard Terms and Conditions 
 
 
69 
 
 
“p” is the number of London Banking Days by which an Observation Period 
precedes the corresponding Interest Accrual Period, being the number of London 
Banking Days specified as the “SONIA Lag Period (p)” in the relevant Final Terms 
(or, if no such number is so specified, five London Banking Days);  
the “SONIA reference rate”, in respect of any London Banking Day (“LBDx”), is a 
reference rate equal to the daily SONIA rate for such LBDx as provided by the 
administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day immediately 
following LBDx; and 
“SONIAi-pLBD” means the SONIA reference rate for the London Banking Day (being 
a London Banking Day falling in the relevant Observation Period) falling “p” London 
Banking Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day “i”; and 
(ii) 
if, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period, the applicable 
SONIA reference rate is not made available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise 
been published by the relevant authorised distributors, then (unless the Calculation Agent has 
been notified of any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (and any related 
Adjustment Spread and/or Reference Rate Replacement Amendments (as defined below)) 
pursuant to Condition 5.2.9 (Reference Rate Replacement), if applicable) the SONIA reference 
rate in respect of such London Banking Day shall be: (i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate 
(the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at 5.00 p.m. (London Time) (or, if earlier, close of business) on 
such London Banking Day; plus (ii) the arithmetic mean of the spread of the SONIA reference 
rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five London Banking Days on which a SONIA 
reference rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one 
highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than 
one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads), and the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Accrual Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate so determined; provided, however, 
that if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate in accordance with the above 
provisions in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Covered Bonds during such Interest Accrual Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate 
last determined in relation to the Covered Bonds in respect of the last preceding Interest 
Accrual Period. 
5.2.4 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, then the Rate of Interest shall in no 
event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
5.2.5 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amounts: The Calculation Agent will at 
or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the 
Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period and will calculate the amount of interest (the “Interest 
Amount”) payable per Covered Bond in respect of the Floating Rate Covered Bonds for the relevant 
Interest Period. The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Floating Rate 
Covered Bond for any Interest Period shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the 
Calculation Amount, multiplying the product thereof by the applicable Day Count Fraction for such 
Interest Period, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified 
Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable 
market convention. In respect of any other period for which interest is required to be calculated, the 
provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for which interest 
is required to be calculated. Where the Specified Denomination of a Covered Bond is the Calculation 
Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Covered Bond shall be the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount. Where the Specified

--- Page 70 ---
Standard Terms and Conditions 
 
 
70 
 
 
Denomination of a Covered Bond comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of such Covered Bond shall be the aggregate of the amounts (determined in the 
manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified Denomination, without 
any further rounding. 
5.2.6 
Linear Interpolation: Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest 
Period in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two 
rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement), one of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the 
case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by 
reference to such next shorter or (as the case may be) next longer rate as last determined.   
5.2.7 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts: Except where the applicable Reference Rate is 
Compounded Daily SONIA, the Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest 
Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the 
Fiscal Agent, each of the other Paying Agents, the Covered Bondholders and any stock exchange on 
which the relevant Floating Rate Covered Bonds are for the time being listed and, in the case of VP 
Systems Covered Bonds, VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden (as the case may be) and the VP Systems 
Agent (by no later than the first day of each Interest Period) and notice thereof to be published in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination. Each Interest 
Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate 
alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension 
or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock 
exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Covered Bonds have been admitted to listing or trading 
are for the time being listed and to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 13 
(Notices). 
Where the applicable Reference Rate is Compounded Daily SONIA, the Calculation Agent will cause 
the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Accrual Period and the relative Interest 
Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, each of the other Paying Agents, the 
Covered Bondholders and any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system to which the 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and to be 
published in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but in 
no event later than the second London Banking Day thereafter. Each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount 
and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period. Any such amendment or alternative arrangements will promptly 
be notified to each listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system to which the Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and to the Covered 
Bondholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
5.2.8 
Certificates to be Final: All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, 
quotations, notifications and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the 
provisions of this Condition 5, by the Calculation Agent or, in the circumstances described below, the 
Issuer, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Fiscal Agent, the other Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Calculation Agent (if applicable) and all 
Covered Bondholders and Couponholders and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Covered 
Bondholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Calculation Agent or, if applicable, the Issuer in 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such 
provisions.

--- Page 71 ---
Standard Terms and Conditions 
 
 
71 
 
 
5.2.9 
Reference Rate Replacement: 
If: 
(i) 
Reference Rate Replacement is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as 
being applicable and Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined; and 
(ii) 
notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 5.2.3 (Screen Rate Determination), the Issuer 
determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred when any Rate of Interest (or any component 
thereof) remains to be determined by reference to the Original Reference Rate, 
then the following provisions shall apply to the relevant Series of Covered Bonds: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours, as soon as reasonably practicable, to appoint and 
consult with an Independent Adviser with a view to the Issuer determining (without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Covered Bondholders) (A) a Successor 
Reference Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate, for the purposes of 
determining the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) applicable to the 
Covered Bonds and (B) in either case, an Adjustment Spread;  
(b) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser prior to the relevant IA 
Determination Cut-Off Date, the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) may still determine (A) a Successor Reference Rate or, failing which, an Alternative 
Reference Rate and (B) in either case, an Adjustment Spread in accordance with this 
Condition 5.2.9. Without prejudice to the definitions thereof, for the purposes of determining 
any Successor Reference Rate, Alternative Reference Rate and/or any Adjustment Spread, the 
Issuer will take into account any relevant and applicable market precedents as well as any 
published guidance from relevant associations involved in the establishment of market 
standards and/or protocols in the international debt capital markets; 
(c) 
if a Successor Reference Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
is determined in accordance with paragraphs (a) and (b) above, such Successor Reference Rate 
or, failing which, Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) shall be the Reference Rate for 
all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided 
in, this Condition 5.2.9); 
(d) 
if the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any) and acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that an Adjustment Spread is 
required to be applied to the relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable) and determines the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, 
such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the relevant 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable). If the Issuer is unable 
to determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment 
Spread, then the relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread; 
(e) 
if the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any) and acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines a Successor Reference Rate or, 
failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and/or an Adjustment Spread in 
accordance with the above provisions, the Issuer may (without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of the Covered Bondholders) also specify changes to these Conditions, 
the Agency Agreement and/or the Deed of Covenant in order to ensure the proper operation of 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate or any Adjustment Spread (as 
applicable), including, but not limited to (1) the Applicable Business Centre(s), Business Day, 
Business Day Convention, Day Count Fraction, Interest Determination Date, Reference

--- Page 72 ---
Standard Terms and Conditions 
 
 
72 
 
 
Banks, Relevant Financial Centre, Relevant Screen Page and/or Relevant Time applicable to 
the Covered Bonds and (2) the method for determining the fallback to the Rate of Interest in 
relation to the Covered Bonds if such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable) is not available (such amendments, the “Reference Rate Replacement 
Amendments”). For the avoidance of doubt, the Fiscal Agent and any other agents party to 
the Agency Agreement shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer, effect such 
consequential amendments to the Agency Agreement and these Conditions as may be required 
in order to give effect to the application of this Condition 5.2.9. No consent shall be required 
from the Covered Bondholders in connection with determining or giving effect to the relevant 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate or any Adjustment Spread (as 
applicable) or such other changes, including for the execution of any documents or other steps 
to be taken by the Fiscal Agent (if required or useful); and 
(f) 
the Issuer shall promptly, following the determination of any Successor Reference Rate, 
Alternative Reference Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (as applicable), give notice thereof to 
the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), the Covered Bondholders. 
Such notice shall specify the effective date(s) for such Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), the Adjustment Spread (if any) and any 
consequential changes made to the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and these 
Conditions (if any). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5.2.9 shall act in good faith and (in the 
absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Fiscal Agent or the Covered 
Bondholders for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with any determination made by the 
Issuer pursuant to this Condition 5.2.9. 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under this Condition 5.2.9, the Rate of Interest for the 
next Interest Period shall be determined by reference to the fallback provisions of Condition 5.2.3 
(Screen Rate Determination) (i) if the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if 
any), is unable to or does not determine a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate 
in accordance with this Condition 5.2.9, and (ii) where the Issuer determines a Successor Reference 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate, unless and until the Fiscal Agent has been notified of such 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), the Adjustment Spread (if 
any) and any consequential changes made to the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and these 
Conditions (if any). 
5.3 
Accrual of Interest: Subject as provided in Condition 5.4 (Interest Payments up to the Extended 
Maturity Date), each Covered Bond (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Covered Bond, 
that part only of such Covered Bond) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date of its redemption 
unless, upon due presentation thereof, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such 
event, interest will continue to accrue in accordance with these Conditions. 
5.4 
Interest Payments up to the Extended Maturity Date: If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as applying to a Series of Covered Bonds and the maturity 
of those Covered Bonds is extended beyond the Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 7.9 
(Extension of Maturity Date): 
(i) 
the Covered Bonds shall bear interest from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but 
excluding) the Extended Maturity Date or, if the Covered Bonds are redeemed prior to the 
Extended Maturity Date, the Interest Payment Date on which they are redeemed, subject to 
Condition 5.2.9 (Accrual of Interest). In that event, interest shall be payable on those Covered 
Bonds at the rate determined in accordance with Condition 5.4(ii) on the principal amount 
outstanding of the Covered Bonds on each Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date in 
respect of the Interest Period ending immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date,

--- Page 73 ---
Standard Terms and Conditions 
 
 
73 
 
 
subject as otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. The final 
Interest Payment Date shall fall no later than the Extended Maturity Date; 
(ii) 
the rate of interest payable from time to time under Condition 5.4(i) will be as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and, where applicable, determined by the 
Calculation Agent so specified, three Business Days after the Maturity Date in respect of the 
first such Interest Period and thereafter as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Covered Bonds which are Zero Coupon Covered Bonds, for the purposes of this 
Condition 5.4, the principal amount outstanding shall be the total amount otherwise payable 
by the Issuer on the Maturity Date less any payments made by the Issuer in respect of such 
amount in accordance with these Conditions. 
6. 
Payments 
6.1 
Method of Payment: Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by cheque drawn in the 
currency in which payment is due on, or by credit or transfer to an account denominated in 
that currency and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Applicable Financial Centre of 
that currency; and 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the 
payee, by a cheque denominated in euro. 
All payments in respect of the Covered Bonds are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or 
other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 
8 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any 
official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation)) any 
law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. References to “Specified Currency” will 
include any successor currency under applicable law. 
6.2 
Presentation of Covered Bonds and Coupons: 
6.2.1 
Covered Bonds: Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Covered Bonds will (subject as 
provided below) be made in the manner provided in Condition 6.1 (Method of Payment) above only 
against presentation and surrender (or in the case of part payment of any sum due only, endorsement) 
of definitive Bearer Covered Bonds, and payments of interest in respect of definitive Bearer Covered 
Bonds will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender 
(or in the case of part payment of any sum due only, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the 
Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, 
means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia, its territories, 
its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)). 
6.2.2 
Coupons for Fixed Rate Covered Bonds: Fixed Rate Covered Bonds in definitive bearer form (other 
than Long Maturity Covered Bonds (as defined below)) should be presented for payment together with 
all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons 
falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing 
unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the 
amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted 
from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner 
mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of ten 
years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)) in respect of such principal

--- Page 74 ---
Standard Terms and Conditions 
 
 
74 
 
 
(whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 9 (Prescription)) or, 
if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no 
event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Covered Bond in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its 
Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further 
Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
6.2.3 
Coupons for Floating Rate or Long Maturity Covered Bonds: Upon the date on which any Floating 
Rate Covered Bond or Long Maturity Covered Bond in definitive bearer form becomes due and 
repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall 
become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in 
respect thereof. A “Long Maturity Covered Bond” is a Fixed Rate Covered Bond (other than a Fixed 
Rate Covered Bond which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than 
the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Covered Bond shall cease to be a Long 
Maturity Covered Bond on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest 
remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such Covered Bond. 
6.2.4 
Payments other than in respect of Matured Coupons: If the due date for redemption of any definitive 
Bearer Covered Bond is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) accrued in respect of such 
definitive Bearer Covered Bond from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant 
definitive Bearer Covered Bond. 
6.2.5 
Bearer Global Covered Bonds: Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Covered Bonds 
represented by any Bearer Global Covered Bond will (subject as provided below) be made in the 
manner specified above in relation to definitive Bearer Covered Bonds and otherwise in the manner 
specified in the relevant Bearer Global Covered Bond against presentation or surrender, as the case 
may be, of such Bearer Global Covered Bond at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States. A record of each payment made against presentation or surrender of such Bearer Global 
Covered Bond, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be 
made on such Bearer Global Covered Bond by such Paying Agent and such record shall be prima facie 
evidence that the payment in question has been made. 
6.2.6 
Entitlement to Payment in respect of Global Covered Bonds: The holder of a global Covered Bond 
shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Covered Bonds represented by such 
global Covered Bond and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of 
such global Covered Bond in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records 
of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC (as the case may be) as the beneficial holder of a 
particular nominal amount of Covered Bonds represented by such global Covered Bond must look 
solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC (as the case may be) for its share of each 
payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such global Covered Bond. All 
amounts payable to DTC or its nominee as registered holder of a Registered Global Covered Bond in 
respect of Covered Bonds denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. Dollars shall be paid 
by transfer by the Registrar to an account in the relevant Specified Currency of the Fiscal Agent on 
behalf of DTC or its nominee for payment in such Specified Currency or conversion into U.S. Dollars 
in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
6.2.7 
Payments in New York City: Notwithstanding Condition 6.2.6 (Entitlement to Payment in respect of 
Global Covered Bonds), if any amount of principal and/or interest in respect of Bearer Covered Bonds 
is payable in U.S. Dollars, such U.S. Dollar payments of principal and/or interest in respect of such 
Bearer Covered Bonds will be made at the Specified Office of a Paying Agent in the United States if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with Specified Offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. 
Dollars at such Specified Offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and 
interest on the Covered Bonds in the manner provided above when due;

--- Page 75 ---
Standard Terms and Conditions 
 
 
75 
 
 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such Specified Offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. Dollars; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
6.2.8 
Registered Covered Bonds - Payments: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Registered 
Covered Bonds (whether in definitive or global form) will be made in the manner provided in 
Condition 6.1 (Method of Payment) to the persons in whose name such Covered Bonds are registered at 
the close of business on: 
(i) 
(in the case of Registered Covered Bonds represented by a global Covered Bond and which 
are not VP Systems Covered Bonds) the Clearing System Business Day prior to such due date 
(the “Record Date”); and  
(ii) 
(in the case of any other Registered Covered Bonds which are not VP Systems Covered 
Bonds) the fifteenth day (whether or not this is a day on which banks are open for business in 
the city where the Registrar is located) prior to such due date (also, a “Record Date”) against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due only, endorsement) 
of such Covered Bonds at the Specified Office of the Registrar. 
6.2.9 
Credit or Transfer Payment: If payment in respect of any Registered Covered Bonds is required by 
credit or transfer, application for such payment must be made by the holder to the Registrar not later 
than the relevant Record Date. 
6.2.10 
VP Systems Covered Bonds: Payments of principal and interest in respect of VP Systems Covered 
Bonds will be made to the Covered Bondholders shown in the relevant records of VP, VPS or 
Euroclear Sweden (as the case may be) in accordance with and subject to the rules and regulations from 
time to time governing VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden (as the case may be). 
6.3 
Payment Date: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Covered Bond or Coupon is 
not a Payment Business Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next 
following Payment Business Day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or 
other payment in respect of such delay. 
6.4 
Exchange of Talons: On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in 
any Coupon sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at 
the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon 
sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final 
date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Covered Bond to which it appertains) a further 
Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 9 (Prescription). 
7. 
Redemption and Purchase 
7.1 
Scheduled Redemption: Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, 
each Covered Bond will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in, or 
determined in the manner specified in, the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in the relevant 
Specified Currency on the Maturity Date, subject as provided below if an Extended Maturity Date is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
7.2 
Redemption for Tax Reasons: The Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in 
whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Covered Bond is not a Floating Rate Covered Bond) or on 
any Interest Payment Date (if this Covered Bond is a Floating Rate Covered Bond), on giving no less 
than thirty nor more than sixty days’ notice to the Fiscal Agent (and, in the case of VP Systems 
Covered Bonds, to the VP Systems Agent) and, in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), to the 
Covered Bondholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if:

--- Page 76 ---
Standard Terms and Conditions 
 
 
76 
 
 
(i) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Covered Bonds, the Issuer has or will 
become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8 (Taxation) 
as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Denmark or any 
political subdivision or any authority thereof or any authority or agency therein having power 
to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, 
which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the Covered Bonds; and 
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than ninety days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of 
the Covered Bonds then due. Covered Bonds redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7.2 will be redeemed 
at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 7.5 (Early Redemption Amounts) below 
together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
7.3 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Call Option): If the Call Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, the Issuer shall, having given not less than the minimum period 
nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) (which notices 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the 
Covered Bonds then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call). Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less 
than the Minimum Redemption Amount or not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount in each 
case as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. In the case of a partial 
redemption of Covered Bonds, the Covered Bonds (or, as the case may be, parts of Registered Covered 
Bonds) to be redeemed (“Redeemed Covered Bonds”) will be (i) selected individually by lot without 
involving any part only of a Bearer Covered Bond, in the case of Redeemed Covered Bonds 
represented by definitive Covered Bonds; (ii) selected in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) and/or DTC, as the case 
may be, in the case of Redeemed Covered Bonds represented by a global Covered Bond; and (iii) 
selected in accordance with the rules of VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden (as the case may be) in the case 
of VP Systems Covered Bonds, in each case not more than thirty days prior to the date fixed for 
redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the “Selection Date”). In the case of 
Redeemed Covered Bonds represented by definitive Covered Bonds, a list of the serial numbers of 
such Redeemed Covered Bonds will be published in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) not less 
than fifteen days prior to the date fixed for redemption. The aggregate nominal amount of Redeemed 
Covered Bonds represented by definitive Covered Bonds shall be (so far as may be practicable) pro 
rata to their principal amounts, provided always that the amount redeemed in respect of each Covered 
Bond shall be equal to the minimum denomination thereof or an integral multiple thereof, subject 
always to compliance with all applicable laws and the requirements of any listing authority, stock 
exchange or quotation systems on which the Covered Bonds may be listed, traded or quoted. No 
exchange of the relevant global Covered Bond will be permitted during the period from (and including) 
the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition 7.3 and 
notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices) at least five days prior to the Selection Date. 
7.4 
Redemption at the Option of the Covered Bondholders (Put Option): If the Put Option is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, upon the holder of any Covered Bond giving to the 
Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) not less than the minimum nor more than the 
maximum period of notice specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, the Issuer will,

--- Page 77 ---
Standard Terms and Conditions 
 
 
77 
 
 
upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, in whole (but not in part), such Covered Bond on the Optional 
Redemption Date (Put) and at the Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together, if appropriate, with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date (Put). 
If the Covered Bond is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or DTC (as the case may be) to exercise the right to require redemption of this Covered Bond, the 
Covered Bondholder must deliver such Covered Bond at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent, in 
the case of Bearer Covered Bonds, or the Registrar in the case of Registered Covered Bonds at any 
time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or the Registrar falling within the notice 
period, accompanied by a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being 
current) obtainable from any Specified Office of any Paying Agent or the Registrar (a “Put Option 
Notice”) and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is by cheque, an address) 
to which payment is to be made under this Condition 7. 
If the Covered Bond is represented by a global Covered Bond or is a Covered Bond in definitive form 
and held through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, to exercise the right to require 
redemption of this Covered Bond, the Covered Bondholder must, within the notice period, give notice 
to the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC (as the case may be) (which may include notice 
being given on its instruction by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common 
depositary for them to the Fiscal Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC (as the case may be), from time to time and, if this Covered Bond is 
represented by a global Covered Bond in bearer form, at the same time present or procure the 
presentation of the relevant global Covered Bond to the Fiscal Agent for notation accordingly. 
If the Covered Bond is a VP Systems Covered Bond, to exercise the right to require redemption of the 
VP Systems Covered Bonds, the holder of the VP Systems Covered Bonds, must, within the notice 
period, give notice to the VP Systems Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard 
procedures of VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden (as the case may be) from time to time. 
Any Put Option Notice given by any Covered Bondholder shall be irrevocable. 
7.5 
Early Redemption Amounts: For the purpose of Condition 7.2 (Redemption for Tax Reasons) above, the 
relevant Series of Covered Bonds will be redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount as follows: 
(i) 
at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with accrued interest (if any) thereon; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Zero Coupon Covered Bonds, at an amount equal to the sum of (A) the 
Reference Price; and (B) the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being 
applied to the Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Covered Bond becomes 
due and payable; provided that, where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not 
a whole number of years, the calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall 
be made on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement for the purposes of this Condition 7.5 or, if none is so specified, 
a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360; or 
(iii) 
on such other calculation basis as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement. 
7.6 
Purchases: The Issuer, or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase beneficially or procure 
others to purchase beneficially for its account Covered Bonds (provided that, in the case of definitive 
Bearer Covered Bonds, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased 
therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Covered Bonds purchased by or on 
behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may be held, reissued, resold or surrendered to any 
Paying Agent for cancellation.

--- Page 78 ---
Standard Terms and Conditions 
 
 
78 
 
 
7.7 
Cancellation: All Covered Bonds which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with, in the 
case of definitive Bearer Covered Bonds, all unmatured Coupons attached thereto or surrendered 
therewith at the time of redemption). The details of all Covered Bonds so cancelled and any Covered 
Bonds purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 7.6 (Purchases) (together, in the case of 
definitive Bearer Covered Bonds, with all unmatured Coupons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded 
to the Fiscal Agent and, in the case of VP Systems Covered Bonds, shall be deleted from the records of 
VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden (as the case may be) and cannot be reissued or resold. 
7.8 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Covered Bonds: If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon 
Covered Bond upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Covered Bond pursuant to Conditions 7.1 
(Scheduled Redemption), 7.2 (Redemption for Tax Reasons), 7.3 (Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer (Call Option)) or 7.4 (Redemption at the Option of the Covered Bondholders (Put Option)) 
above is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon 
Covered Bond shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 7.5(ii) above as though the 
references therein to the date fixed for the redemption were replaced by references to the date which is 
the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Covered Bond have been 
paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds has been received by the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar and 
notice to that effect has been given to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 
13 (Notices). 
7.9 
Extension of Maturity Date: 
(i) 
Extended Maturity Date: An Extended Maturity Date shall be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement as applying to each Series of Covered Bonds unless to do so 
would result in the Issuer being unable to obtain the relevant credit rating(s) from the relevant 
rating agencies appointed by the Issuer at the relevant time in respect of a Series of Covered 
Bonds. 
(ii) 
Automatic Extension: If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement as applying to a Series of Covered Bonds and the Issuer fails to redeem 
the relevant Covered Bonds in full on the Maturity Date or within three Business Days 
thereafter, the maturity of the outstanding Covered Bonds and the date on which such Covered 
Bonds will be due and repayable for the purposes of these Conditions will be automatically 
extended up to but no later than the Extended Maturity Date, (A) subject as otherwise provided 
for in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, and (B) provided that, (unless to do so 
would result in the Issuer being unable to maintain the relevant credit rating(s) from the 
relevant rating agencies appointed by the Issuer at the relevant time in respect of such Series of 
Covered Bonds) the Issuer may impose restrictions (which restrictions shall be effective upon 
notice being given to the Covered Bondholders as described below) on the circumstances in 
which such automatic extension can apply if it determines in its sole and absolute discretion 
that such restrictions are required to ensure that the relevant Covered Bonds remain compliant 
with the Covered Bonds Act. If the Issuer imposes restrictions on the circumstances in which 
such automatic extension can apply as described above, the Issuer shall give notice (which 
notice shall be irrevocable) to the Covered Bondholders (in accordance with Condition 13 
(Notices)) and the Paying Agents at least five Business Days prior to the Maturity Date. 
In the event that the maturity is extended, the Issuer may redeem all or any part of the 
principal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds on any Interest Payment Date falling in 
any month after the Maturity Date up to and including the Extended Maturity Date or as 
otherwise provided for in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. If the Maturity Date 
is extended in accordance with this Condition 7.9, the Issuer shall give notice to the Covered

--- Page 79 ---
Standard Terms and Conditions 
 
 
79 
 
 
Bondholders (in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices)) and the Paying Agents of its 
intention to redeem all or any of the principal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds at 
least five Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. Any failure by the Issuer 
to notify such persons shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of any redemption by the 
Issuer on the relevant Interest Payment Date, or give rise to rights to any such person. 
(iii) 
Zero Coupon Bonds: In the case of Covered Bonds which are Zero Coupon Covered Bonds to 
which an Extended Maturity Date is specified under the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, for the purposes of this Condition 7.9 the principal amount outstanding shall be 
the total amount otherwise payable by the Issuer on the Maturity Date less any payments made 
by the Issuer in respect of such amount in accordance with these Conditions.  
(iv) 
Extension Irrevocable: Any extension of the maturity of Covered Bonds under this Condition 
7.9 shall be irrevocable. Where this Condition 7.9 applies, any failure to redeem the Covered 
Bonds on the Maturity Date or any extension of the maturity of Covered Bonds under this 
Condition 7.9 shall not constitute an event of default or acceleration of payment for any 
purpose or give any Covered Bondholder any right to receive any payment of interest, 
principal or otherwise on the relevant Covered Bonds other than as expressly set out in these 
Conditions. 
(v) 
Payments: In the event of the extension of the maturity of Covered Bonds under this 
Condition 7.9, Interest Rates, Interest Periods and Interest Payment Dates on the Covered 
Bonds from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Extended Maturity Date 
shall be determined and made in accordance with the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement and Condition 5.4 (Interest Payments up to the Extended Maturity Date). 
(vi) 
Partial Redemption after Maturity Date:  
In the case of any partial redemption of the Covered Bonds, the Covered Bonds to be 
redeemed (the “Extension Period Redeemed Covered Bonds”) will be: 
(a) 
in the case of Extension Period Redeemed Covered Bonds represented by definitive 
Covered Bonds, selected individually by lot without involving any part only of a 
Bearer Covered Bond; 
(b) 
in the case of Extension Period Redeemed Covered Bonds represented by a global 
Covered Bond, selected in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at 
their discretion) and/or DTC; and 
(c) 
in the case of Extension Period Redeemed Covered Bonds which are VP Systems 
Covered Bonds, selected in accordance with the standard procedures of VP, VPS or 
Euroclear Sweden, as the case may be, 
in any such case, not more than four days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of 
selection being hereinafter called the “Extension Period Selection Date”). 
In the case of Extension Period Redeemed Covered Bonds represented by definitive Covered 
Bonds, a list of the serial numbers of such Extension Period Redeemed Covered Bonds will be 
published in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) not less than three days prior to the date 
fixed for redemption. No exchange of the relevant global Covered Bond will be permitted 
during the period from (and including) the Extension Period Selection Date to (and including) 
the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition 7.9 and notice to that effect shall be 
given by the Issuer to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) at 
least two days prior to the Extension Period Selection Date. 
(vii) 
Restriction on Further Issues: If the maturity of any Covered Bonds is extended up to the 
Extended Maturity Date in accordance with this Condition 7.9, subject as otherwise provided

--- Page 80 ---
Standard Terms and Conditions 
 
 
80 
 
 
for in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, for so long as any of those Covered 
Bonds remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not issue any further Covered Bonds, unless the 
proceeds of issue of such further Covered Bonds are applied by the Issuer on issue to redeem 
in whole or in part the relevant Covered Bonds in accordance with the terms hereof. 
8. 
Taxation 
8.1 
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds and Coupons by or on 
behalf of the Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or 
future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or 
on behalf of Denmark or any political subdivision or any authority or agency thereof or therein having 
power to tax unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer will pay 
such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of 
the Covered Bonds or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts 
of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Covered Bonds 
or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction, except that no such 
additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Covered Bond or Coupon: 
(i) 
in respect of any demand made for payment in Denmark; or 
(ii) 
in respect of any demand made for payment by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for such 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Covered Bond or 
Coupon by reason of it having some connection with Denmark other than the mere holding of 
such Covered Bond or Coupon; or 
(iii) 
in respect of any demand made for payment more than thirty days after the Relevant Date (as 
defined below) except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an 
additional amount on making such demand for payment on or before the expiry of such period 
of thirty days; or 
(iv) 
where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder or any official interpretations thereof. 
As used herein, the “Relevant Date” means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Fiscal Agent or the 
Registrar or, in the case of VP Systems Covered Bonds, the holders of the VP Systems Covered Bonds, 
as the case may be, on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such 
moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Covered Bondholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
8.2 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than 
Denmark, references in these Conditions to Denmark shall be construed as references to Denmark 
and/or such other jurisdiction. 
9. 
Prescription 
The Covered Bonds (whether in bearer, registered or uncertificated book entry form) and Coupons will 
become void unless presented for payment within a period of ten years (in the case of principal) and 
five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)). 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim 
for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 6.2 
(Presentation of Covered Bonds and Coupons) or any Talon which would be void pursuant to 
Condition 6.2 (Presentation of Covered Bonds and Coupons).

--- Page 81 ---
Standard Terms and Conditions 
 
 
81 
 
 
10. 
Replacement of Covered Bonds, Coupons and Talons 
If any Covered Bond, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the Specified Office of the Replacement Agent upon payment by the claimant of such costs 
and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and 
indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Covered Bonds, Coupons or 
Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
11. 
Transfer and Exchange of Registered Covered Bonds 
11.1 
Form of Registered Covered Bonds: 
(i) 
Registered Covered Bonds of each Tranche sold outside the United States in reliance on 
Regulation S under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities 
Act”), will initially be represented by a permanent global Covered Bond in registered form, 
without interest coupons (the “Global Reg. S Covered Bond”), deposited with a custodian 
for, and registered in the name of a nominee of, DTC for the accounts of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. Covered Bonds in definitive form issued in exchange for Global 
Reg. S Covered Bonds or otherwise sold or transferred in reliance on Regulation S under the 
Securities Act, together with the Global Reg. S Covered Bonds, are referred to herein as “Reg. 
S Covered Bonds”. Beneficial interests in a Global Reg. S Covered Bond may be held only 
through DTC directly, by a participant in DTC, or indirectly, through a participant in DTC, 
including Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
(ii) 
Registered Covered Bonds of each Tranche sold in private transactions to QIBs within the 
meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act will initially be represented by a permanent 
global Covered Bond in registered form, without interest coupons (the “Global Restricted 
Covered Bond” and, together with the Global Reg. S Covered Bond, the “Global Registered 
Covered Bonds”), deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee of, 
DTC. Covered Bonds in definitive form issued in exchange for Global Restricted Covered 
Bonds or otherwise sold or transferred in accordance with the requirements of Rule 144A 
under the Securities Act, together with the Global Restricted Covered Bonds, are referred to 
herein as “Restricted Covered Bonds”. 
(iii) 
Registered Covered Bonds in definitive form and Restricted Covered Bonds shall bear the 
legend set forth in the Global Restricted Covered Bond (the “Legend”), such Covered Bonds 
being referred to herein as “Legended Covered Bonds”. Upon the transfer, exchange or 
replacement of Legended Covered Bonds, or upon specific request for removal of the Legend, 
the Registrar shall (save as provided in Condition 11.6 (Exchanges and transfers of Registered 
Covered Bonds)) deliver only Legended Covered Bonds or refuse to remove such Legend, as 
the case may be, unless there is delivered to the Issuer and the Registrar such satisfactory 
evidence as may reasonably be required by the Issuer, which may include an opinion of U.S. 
counsel, that neither the Legend nor the restrictions on transfer set forth therein are required to 
ensure compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act. 
Subject as otherwise provided in this Condition 11, Registered Covered Bonds in definitive form may 
be exchanged or transferred in whole or in part in the authorised denominations for one or more 
definitive Registered Covered Bonds of like aggregate nominal amount. 
11.2 
Exchange of interests in Global Registered Covered Bonds for Registered Covered Bonds in definitive 
form: Interests in the Global Reg. S Covered Bond and the Global Restricted Covered Bond will be 
exchangeable for Registered Covered Bonds in definitive form if: 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement; or

--- Page 82 ---
Standard Terms and Conditions 
 
 
82 
 
 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as being at the 
option of such holder of Permanent Global Covered Bond, upon such holder’s request save 
that, in relation to Bearer Covered Bonds, this paragraph (ii) shall not apply if the Final Terms 
specify denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination plus one or more 
integral multiples of another smaller amount; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specifies “in the limited circumstances 
described in the Permanent Global Covered Bond”, then (a) if Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous 
period of fourteen days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business or in fact does so or (b) DTC ceases to be a “Clearing Agency” 
registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or (c) Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or DTC, as the case may be, notifies the Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to 
continue as depositary for such Global Registered Covered Bond. 
The Global Reg. S Covered Bonds and the Global Registered Covered Bond will become 
exchangeable, in whole but not in part and at the option of the Issuer, for Definitive Covered Bonds if, 
by reason of any change in the laws of Denmark, the Issuer will be required to make any withholding 
or deduction from any payment in respect of the Covered Bonds which would not be required if the 
Covered Bonds are in definitive form. 
Upon the occurrence of any of the events described above, the Issuer will cause the appropriate 
Registered Covered Bonds in definitive form to be delivered provided that, notwithstanding the above, 
no Reg. S Covered Bonds in definitive form will be issued until the expiry of the period that ends forty 
days after completion of the distribution of each Tranche of Covered Bonds, as certified by the relevant 
Dealer(s), in the case of a non-syndicated issue, or by the lead manager, in the case of a syndicated 
issue (the “Distribution Compliance Period”). 
11.3 
Transfers of Global Registered Covered Bonds: Transfers of a Global Registered Covered Bond shall 
be limited to transfers of such Global Registered Covered Bond, in whole but not in part, to a nominee 
of DTC or to a successor of DTC or such successor’s nominee. 
11.4 
Transfers of interests in Reg. S Covered Bonds: Prior to expiry of the applicable Distribution 
Compliance Period, transfers by the holder of, or of a beneficial interest in, a Reg. S Covered Bond to a 
transferee in the United States will only be made: 
(i) 
upon receipt by the Registrar of a written certification substantially in the form set out in the 
Agency Agreement, amended as appropriate (a “Transfer Certificate”), copies of which are 
available from the Specified Office of the Registrar, from the transferor of the Covered Bond 
or beneficial interest therein to the effect that such transfer is being made to a person whom 
the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 
144A; or 
(ii) 
otherwise pursuant to the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, subject to receipt by the 
Issuer of such satisfactory evidence as the Issuer may reasonably require, which may include 
an opinion of U.S. counsel, that such transfer is in compliance with any applicable securities 
law of any state of the United States, 
and, in each case, in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state of the United States or 
any other jurisdiction. 
In the case of Condition 11.4(i), such transferee may take delivery through a Legended Covered Bond 
in global or definitive form. After expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period: (a) 
beneficial interests in Reg. S Covered Bonds may be held through DTC directly, by a participant in 
DTC, or indirectly through a participant in DTC and (b) such certification requirements will no longer 
apply to such transfers.

--- Page 83 ---
Standard Terms and Conditions 
 
 
83 
 
 
11.5 
Transfers of interests in Legended Covered Bonds: Transfers of Legended Covered Bonds or beneficial 
interests therein may be made: 
(i) 
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Reg. S Covered Bond, upon 
receipt by the Registrar of a duly completed Transfer Certificate from the transferor to the 
effect that such transfer is being made in accordance with Regulation S and that, if such 
transfer is being made prior to expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, the 
interests in the Covered Bonds being transferred will be held immediately thereafter through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg; or 
(ii) 
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Legended Covered Bond where 
the transferee is a person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB in a transaction 
meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, without certification; or 
(iii) 
otherwise pursuant to the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, subject to receipt by the 
Issuer of such satisfactory evidence as the Issuer may reasonably require, which may include 
an opinion of U.S. counsel, that such transfer is in compliance with any applicable securities 
laws of any state of the United States, 
and in each case, in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state of the United States or 
any other jurisdiction. 
Covered Bonds transferred to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A or outside the United States pursuant to 
Regulation S will be eligible to be held by such QIBs or non-U.S. investors through DTC and the 
Registrar will arrange for any Covered Bonds which are the subject of such a transfer to be represented 
by the appropriate Registered Global Covered Bond, where applicable. 
11.6 
Exchanges and transfers of Registered Covered Bonds: 
(i) 
Registered Covered Bonds may not be exchanged for Bearer Covered Bonds and vice versa. 
Holders of Registered Covered Bonds in definitive form may exchange such Covered Bonds 
for interests in a Registered Global Covered Bond of the same type at any time. 
(ii) 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Covered Bonds will be effected by DTC, 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by participants 
and, if appropriate, indirect participants in the relevant clearing systems acting on behalf of 
beneficial transferors and transferees of such interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered 
Global Covered Bond will be transferable and exchangeable for Covered Bonds in definitive 
form or for a beneficial interest in another Registered Global Covered Bond only in 
accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the time being of DTC, Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be (the “Applicable Procedures”). 
(iii) 
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Agency Agreement, a Registered 
Covered Bond in definitive form may be transferred in whole or in part (in the authorised 
denominations set out in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement) by the holder or 
holders surrendering the Registered Covered Bond for registration of the transfer of the 
Registered Covered Bond (or the relevant part of the Registered Covered Bond) at the 
Specified Office of the Registrar, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the 
holder or holders thereof or his or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing and 
upon the Registrar as the case may be, after due and careful enquiry, being satisfied with the 
documents of title and the identity of the person making the request and subject to such 
reasonable regulations as the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the Registrar as the case may be 
prescribe, including any restrictions imposed by the Issuer on transfers of Registered Covered 
Bonds originally sold to a U.S. person. Subject as provided above, the Registrar will, within 
three business days (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the 
city where the Specified Office of the Registrar is located) of the request (or such longer 
period as may be required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations) 
authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication and delivery of, at its Specified Office

--- Page 84 ---
Standard Terms and Conditions 
 
 
84 
 
 
to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by mail to such address as the transferee 
may request, a new Registered Covered Bond in definitive form of a like aggregate nominal 
amount to the Registered Covered Bond (or the relevant part of the Registered Covered Bond) 
transferred. In the case of the transfer of part only of a Registered Covered Bond in definitive 
form, a new Registered Covered Bond in definitive form in respect of the balance of the 
Registered Covered Bond not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (at the risk 
of the transferor) sent to the transferor. Exchanges or transfers by a holder of a Registered 
Covered Bond in definitive form for an interest in, or to a person who takes delivery of such 
Covered Bond through, a Registered Global Covered Bond will be made no later than sixty 
days after the receipt by the Registrar of the Registered Covered Bond in definitive form to be 
so exchanged or transferred and, if applicable, upon receipt by the Registrar of a written 
certification from the transferor. 
11.7 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption: In the event of a partial redemption of Covered 
Bonds under Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase), the Issuer shall not be required to register the 
transfer of any Registered Covered Bond, or part of a Registered Covered Bond. 
11.8 
Closed Periods: No Covered Bondholder may require the transfer of a Registered Covered Bond to be 
registered during the period of thirty days ending on the due date for any payment of principal or 
interest on that Covered Bond. 
11.9 
Costs of exchange or registration: The costs and expenses of effecting any exchange or registration of 
transfer pursuant to the foregoing provisions (except for the expenses of delivery by other than regular 
mail (if any) and, if the Issuer shall so require, for the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or 
other governmental charge or insurance charges that may be imposed in relation thereto which will be 
borne by the Covered Bondholder) will be borne by the Issuer. 
11.10 
Euroclear, Clearstream Rules: Covered Bonds that are represented by a global Covered Bond and VP 
Systems Covered Bonds will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the 
time being of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC and/or VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden 
(as the case may be). References to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC and/or VP, VPS 
or Euroclear Sweden (as the case may be) shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include 
a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system approved by the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent. 
12. 
Agents 
12.1 
Fiscal Agent, Paying Agents, Registrar and VP Systems Agent: The names of the initial Fiscal Agent, 
Registrar, other Paying Agents and VP Systems Agent and their initial Specified Offices are set out in 
the Agency Agreement or the VP Systems Agreement, as applicable. 
12.2 
Variation of Appointment: The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying 
Agent or the Registrar or any VP Systems Agent or any Calculation Agent and/or appoint additional or 
other Paying Agents or additional or other Registrars, VP Systems Agents or Calculation Agents and/or 
approve any change in the Specified Office through which any Paying Agent, Registrar, VP Systems 
Agent or Calculation Agent acts, provided that: 
(i) 
so long as the Covered Bonds are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any 
other relevant authority there will at all times be a Paying Agent (which may be the Fiscal 
Agent), in the case of Bearer Covered Bonds, and the Registrar, in the case of Registered 
Covered Bonds, with a Specified Office in such place as may be required by the rules and 
regulations of such stock exchange or other relevant authority; 
(ii) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent (which may be the Fiscal Agent) with a Specified 
Office in a city in continental Europe outside Denmark;

--- Page 85 ---
Standard Terms and Conditions 
 
 
85 
 
 
(iii) 
there will at all times be a Fiscal Agent; 
(iv) 
there will at all times be a Registrar with a Specified Office outside the United Kingdom; 
(v) 
in the case of VP Systems Covered Bonds, there will at all times be a VP Systems Agent 
authorised to act as an account holding institution with VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden (as the 
case may be) and one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Terms and Conditions of the 
relevant VP Systems Covered Bonds so require; and 
(vi) 
in the circumstances described in Condition 6.2.7 (Payments in New York City), a Paying 
Agent having a Specified Office in New York City. 
Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of 
insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than thirty nor more than forty-five 
days’ prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices). 
12.3 
Agents of the Issuer: In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of 
the Issuer and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Covered 
Bondholders or Couponholders. The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into 
which any Paying Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers 
all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor paying agent.  
13. 
Notices 
13.1 
Bearer Covered Bonds: Notices to Bearer Covered Bondholders will be deemed to be validly given if 
published in a leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe, and, if 
such Covered Bonds are listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin (so long as such Covered Bonds are listed on the Official List of 
Euronext Dublin and the rules of that exchange so permit), if published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin (www.ise.ie). 
The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules 
of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Bearer Covered Bonds are for the time 
being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading. 
Any notice so given will be deemed to have been validly given, in the case of any Bearer Covered 
Bonds, on the date of first such publication (or, if required to be published in more than one newspaper, 
on the first date on which publication shall have been made in all the required newspapers). 
Couponholders will be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to 
Covered Bondholders in accordance with this Condition 13 (Notices). 
Notwithstanding Condition 13 (Notices), while all the Covered Bonds are represented by one or more 
Global Covered Bonds and such Global Covered Bonds are held in their entirety on behalf of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, notices to 
Covered Bondholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system for communication by them to the persons 
shown in their respective records as having interests therein and, in any case, such notices shall be 
deemed to have been given to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) on 
the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system. 
13.2 
Registered Covered Bonds: Notices to Registered Covered Bondholders will be deemed to be validly 
given if sent by first class mail (or equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) by air mail to them 
(or, in the case of joint Covered Bondholders, to the first-named in the register kept by the Registrar) at 
their respective addresses as recorded in the register kept by the Registrar, and will be deemed to have 
been validly given on the fourth weekday after the date of such mailing or, if posted from another

--- Page 86 ---
Standard Terms and Conditions 
 
 
86 
 
 
country, on the fifth such day and, if such Covered Bonds are listed on the Official List and admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin (so long as such Covered Bonds are listed on the 
Official List of Euronext Dublin and the rules of that exchange so permit), if published on the website 
of Euronext Dublin (www.ise.ie). 
The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules 
of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Registered Covered Bonds are for the 
time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading. 
Notwithstanding Condition 13 (Notices), while all the Covered Bonds are represented by one or more 
Global Registered Covered Bonds and such Global Registered Covered Bond(s) are held in their 
entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC and/or any other 
relevant clearing system, notices to Covered Bondholders may be given by delivery of the relevant 
notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC and/or any other relevant clearing 
system for communication by them to the persons shown in their respective records as having interests 
therein and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Covered Bondholders 
in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or DTC and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
13.3 
VP Systems Covered Bonds: Notices to VP Systems Covered Bondholders shall be given (i) in 
accordance with the procedures of VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden, as the case may be, and (ii) if such 
VP Systems Covered Bonds are listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin (so long as such VP Systems Covered Bonds are listed on the Official List 
of Euronext Dublin and the rules of that exchange so permit), if published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin (www.ise.ie).   
The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules 
of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the VP Systems Covered Bonds are for the 
time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading. 
Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date it is published in accordance with the 
procedures of VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden, as the case may be. 
14. 
Meetings of Covered Bondholders 
14.1 
Meetings of Covered Bondholders other than VP Systems Covered Bondholders: This Condition 14.1 is 
applicable only in relation to Covered Bonds other than VP System Covered Bonds. The Agency 
Agreement contains provisions (which shall have effect as if incorporated herein) for convening 
meetings of Covered Bondholders of any Series (other than VP Systems Covered Bonds) to consider 
matters relating to such Series of Covered Bonds, including (without limitation) the modification by 
Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of any provision of these Conditions 
and the Deed of Covenant insofar as the same may apply to such Covered Bonds. Any Extraordinary 
Resolution duly passed at any such meeting of Covered Bondholders of any Series will be binding on 
all Covered Bondholders of such Series, whether present or not at the meeting and on all 
Couponholders relating to Covered Bonds of such Series. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Covered Bondholders who for the time 
being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Covered Bondholders will take effect as if it were an 
Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several 
documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Covered Bondholders. 
14.2 
Modification of Covered Bonds other than VP Systems Covered Bonds: This Condition 14.2 is 
applicable only in relation to Covered Bonds other than VP Systems Covered Bonds. The Issuer may, 
with the consent of the Fiscal Agent, amend the Covered Bonds, these Conditions and the Deed of 
Covenant without the consent of the Covered Bondholders or Couponholders to correct a manifest

--- Page 87 ---
Standard Terms and Conditions 
 
 
87 
 
 
error. Subject as aforesaid, no other modification may be made to these Conditions or the Deed of 
Covenant except with the sanction of an Extraordinary Resolution. 
14.3 
Meeting of VP Systems Covered Bondholders: This Condition 14.3 is applicable only in relation to VP 
Systems Covered Bonds. Meetings of VP Systems Covered Bondholders shall be held in compliance 
with the relevant regulations of VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden, as the case may be.  
14.4 
Modification of VP Systems Covered Bonds: This Condition 14.4 is applicable only in relation to VP 
Systems Covered Bonds. The Issuer may amend the Covered Bonds and these Conditions without the 
consent of the Covered Bondholders to correct a manifest error. Subject as aforesaid, no other 
modification may be made to these Conditions except as provided below. 
In addition, the Covered Bonds and these Conditions may be modified by a resolution in writing signed 
by or on behalf of all Covered Bondholders or pursuant to a meeting of VP Systems Covered 
Bondholders in accordance with Condition 14.3 above (Meeting of VP Systems Covered Bondholders) 
above. 
15. 
Further Issues 
Subject to Condition 7.9 (Extension of Maturity Date), the Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time 
without the consent of the Covered Bondholders or Couponholders to create and issue further covered 
bonds (“Further Covered Bonds”) having terms and conditions the same as the Covered Bonds or the 
same in all respects save for the amount, the date of the first payment of interest, if any, thereon and the 
issue price thereof so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding 
Covered Bonds. 
These Further Covered Bonds, even if they are treated for non-tax purposes as part of the same Series 
as the original Covered Bonds, in some cases may be treated as a separate Series for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes. In such a case, the Further Covered Bonds may be considered to have been issued 
with “original issue discount” (“OID”) for U.S. federal income tax purposes, even if the original 
Covered Bonds had no OID, or the Further Covered Bonds may have a greater amount of OID than the 
original Covered Bonds. These differences may affect the market value of the original Covered Bonds 
if the Further Covered Bonds are not otherwise distinguishable from the original Covered Bonds. 
16. 
Governing law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
16.1 
Governing Law: The Agency Agreement, the Covered Bonds, the VP Systems Covered Bonds and the 
Coupons and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed by, 
and shall be construed in accordance with, English law except that the provisions of the Covered Bonds 
under Condition 4 (Status of the Covered Bonds) as well as registration of the Covered Bonds in VP are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Danish law and regulations. In the case of 
registration of Covered Bonds in VPS or Euroclear Sweden, these shall be governed by Norwegian and 
Swedish laws and regulations, respectively.. 
16.2 
Submission to Jurisdiction: The Issuer agrees, for the exclusive benefit of the Paying Agents, the 
Covered Bondholders and the Couponholders that the courts of England are to have jurisdiction to 
settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Covered 
Bonds and/or the Coupons and that accordingly, any suit, action or proceedings (together referred to as 
“Proceedings”) arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Covered Bonds and 
the Coupons may be brought in such courts. 
16.3 
Waiver of Objection: The Issuer hereby irrevocably waives any objection which it may have now or 
hereafter to the laying of the venue of any such Proceedings in any such court and any claim that any 
such Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum and hereby further irrevocably agrees 
that a judgment in any such Proceedings brought in the courts of England or New South Wales (as the

--- Page 88 ---
Standard Terms and Conditions 
 
 
88 
 
 
case may be) shall be conclusive and binding upon it and may be enforced in the courts of any other 
jurisdiction. 
16.4 
No limitation of Rights: Nothing contained in this Condition shall limit any right to take Proceedings 
against the Issuer in any other court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in 
one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction, whether 
concurrently or not. 
16.5 
Appointment of English Process Agent: The Issuer appoints Danske Bank A/S at its registered office 
for the time being at 75 King William Street, London EC4N 7DT as its agent for service of process, 
and undertakes that, in the event of Danske Bank A/S ceasing so to act or ceasing to be registered in 
England, it will appoint another person approved by the Fiscal Agent as its agent for service of process 
in England in respect of any Proceedings. 
16.6 
Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other manner permitted by law. 
17. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any Term or Condition of the Covered Bonds under the 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.

--- Page 89 ---
German Terms and Conditions 
 
 
89 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE GERMAN REGISTERED COVERED BONDS 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the German Registered Covered Bonds (the “German 
Registered Covered Bonds Conditions” or “Conditions” for the purposes of this section). 
Each German Registered Covered Bond will be evidenced by a physical covered bond issued by the 
Issuer that is registered in the German Registered Covered Bonds Register. Ownership of the German 
Registered Covered Bonds will be recorded in the German Registered Covered Bonds Register and transfer will 
only be achieved through assignment of the rights under the relevant German Registered Covered Bond between 
the transferor and the transferee as well as registration in the German Registered Covered Bonds Register 
maintained by the German Registered Covered Bonds Registrar. 
The relevant Pricing Supplement in relation to any Series of German Registered Covered Bonds may 
specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the 
following Terms and Conditions, amend and/or replace the following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of 
such Covered Bonds. The relevant Pricing Supplement (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed 
upon, or attached to, each physical Covered Bond. Reference should be made to “Form of the Covered Bonds” 
for a description of the content of the Pricing Supplement which will specify which of such terms are to apply in 
relation to the relevant Covered Bonds. 
1. 
Introduction 
1.1 
Agency Agreement: This German Registered Covered Bond is a German law governed registered 
covered bond (gedeckte Namensschuldverschreibungen) and is one of a Series (as defined below) of 
Covered Bonds issued by Danske Bank A/S (the “Issuer”) pursuant to an Agency Agreement (as may 
be amended or supplemented from time to time, the “Agency Agreement”) dated 8 November 2019 
between the Issuer, Citibank, N.A., London Branch as Fiscal Agent and the other agents named in it. 
References herein to the “Covered Bonds” shall be references to the German Registered Covered 
Bonds of this Series and shall mean any German Registered Covered Bonds evidenced by a physical 
covered bond issued by the Issuer that is registered in the German Registered Covered Bonds Register 
and shall include, unless the context requires otherwise, the relevant physical covered bond evidencing 
the Covered Bond. References herein to the “Registrar” shall be references to the German Registered 
Covered Bonds Registrar. 
1.2 
Fiscal and Paying Agent: The fiscal agent, the paying agents, the registrar and the calculations agent(s) 
for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the “Fiscal Agent”, the “Paying 
Agents” (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent), the “Registrar” and the “Calculation 
Agent(s)”. 
1.3 
Pricing Supplement: The final terms for this Covered Bond (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set 
out in the Pricing Supplement which is attached to or endorsed on this Covered Bond. The Pricing 
Supplement (or such relevant provisions thereof) must be read in conjunction with these Conditions 
and may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent 
inconsistent with these Conditions, amend and/or replace these Conditions for the purposes of this 
Covered Bond. References to the “relevant Pricing Supplement” are to the Pricing Supplement (or the 
relevant provisions thereof) which are attached to or endorsed on this Covered Bond. 
1.4 
Summaries: The statements in these Conditions include summaries of the detailed provisions of the 
Agency Agreement regarding changes in Paying Agents following a merger or consolidation and the 
transfer of Covered Bonds and are subject to their detailed provisions (as set out in Clause 15.7 and 
Schedule 9 of the Agency Agreement, respectively). Copies of the Agency Agreement are obtainable 
during normal business hours at the Specified Office of each of the Paying Agents and the Registrar. 
Copies of the relevant Pricing Supplement may be obtained, upon request, free of charge, from the 
registered office of the Issuer and the Specified Offices of the Paying Agents save that the relevant

--- Page 90 ---
German Terms and Conditions 
 
 
90 
 
 
Pricing Supplement will only be obtainable by a Covered Bondholder holding one or more Covered 
Bonds and such Covered Bondholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and/or the 
Paying Agent as to its holding of such Covered Bonds and its identity. The Covered Bondholders are 
deemed to have notice of all the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the relevant Pricing 
Supplement which are applicable to them. 
2. 
Interpretation 
2.1 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
“Accrual Yield” has the meaning given in the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“Applicable Business Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Pricing 
Supplement; 
“Applicable Financial Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Pricing 
Supplement; 
“Broken Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of Interest Determination Dates only, where the relevant Pricing Supplement 
specifies a “Business Day” preceded by a city for the purposes of the Interest Determination 
Date(s), a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in that city; 
and 
(ii) 
in all other cases, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in each Applicable Business Centre, and if TARGET is an 
Applicable Business Centre, a TARGET Settlement Day; 
“Business Day Convention”, in relation to any particular date, shall be as specified in the relevant 
Pricing Supplement and, if so specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement, may have different 
meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the 
following meanings: 
(i) 
“Following Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
“Modified Following Business Day Convention” or “Modified Business Day Convention” 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business 
Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first 
preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
“Preceding Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be brought forward 
to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
“FRN Convention”, “Floating Rate Convention” or “Eurodollar Convention” means that 
each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date 
in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Pricing 
Supplement as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date 
occurred provided, however, that: 
(a) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any 
such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in 
that calendar month; 
(b) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such 
date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in

--- Page 91 ---
German Terms and Conditions 
 
 
91 
 
 
the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a 
Business Day; and 
(c) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(v) 
“No Adjustment” means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention; 
“Calculation Agent” means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant Pricing 
Supplement as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) 
and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“Calculation Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“Call Option” has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Pricing Supplement; 
“Category of Covered Bonds” means the relevant Issuer Cover Pool ascribed to the Covered Bonds in 
the Pricing Supplement; 
“Covered Bondholders” means the holders for the time being of the German Registered Covered 
Bonds. These Conditions shall be construed accordingly; 
“Danish Covered Bond Legislation” means the Danish Financial Business Act (lov om finansiel 
virksomhed) and relevant executive orders (bekendtgørelser) and regulations thereto as may be 
supplemented, amended, modified or varied from time to time, as well as any judicial decisions and 
administrative pronouncements all of which are subject to change, including with retroactive effect; 
“Danish Financial Business Act” means the Danish Financial Business Act (Consolidated Act No. 
937 of 6 September 2019, as amended or replaced from time to time); 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Covered 
Bond for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) 
(whether or not constituting an Interest Period, (the “Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified hereon: 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during which 
it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Regular Period and (y) the number of Regular Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods normally ending in 
any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Regular 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Regular 
Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods normally ending in any year 
(ii) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual - ISDA” is specified hereon, the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a 
leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365)

--- Page 92 ---
German Terms and Conditions 
 
 
92 
 
 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
360
)
D
- 
(D
 
)]
M
- 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
- 
(Y
 x 
[360
 
1
2
1
2
1
2



 Fraction
Count
Day 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
360
)
D
- 
(D
 
)]
M
- 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
- 
(Y
 x 
[360
 
1
2
1
2
1
2



 Fraction
Count
Day 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
360
)
D
- 
(D
 
)]
M
- 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
- 
(Y
 x 
[360
 
1
2
1
2
1
2



 Fraction
Count
Day 
 
where:

--- Page 93 ---
German Terms and Conditions 
 
 
93 
 
 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity 
Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
“Designated Maturity” means, in respect of any Covered Bond for which (i) the Floating Rate 
Covered Bond Provisions are specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement as being applicable and (ii) 
Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the relevant Pricing 
Supplement, the period of time designated in the relevant Reference Rate; 
“Early Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Covered Bond, its Outstanding Principal 
Amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or calculated or determined in accordance with, 
these Conditions or the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“Early Redemption Amount (Tax)” means, in respect of any Covered Bond, its Outstanding Principal 
Amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or calculated or determined in accordance with, 
these Conditions or the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“Early Termination Amount” means, in respect of any Covered Bonds, its Outstanding Principal 
Amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or calculated or determined in accordance with, 
these Conditions or the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“Extended Maturity Date” means the date falling no later than twelve months from the Maturity Date 
of the Covered Bonds, subject to any adjustments as specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“Final Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Covered Bond, its Outstanding Principal 
Amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these 
Conditions or the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“Fixed Coupon Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“Interest Accrual Period” means (i) each Interest Period and (ii) any other period (if any) in respect of 
which interest is to be calculated, being the period from (and including) the first day of such period to 
(but excluding) the day on which the relevant payment of interest falls due; 
“Interest Amount” means, in relation to a Calculation Amount and an Interest Period, the amount of 
interest payable in respect of the Calculation Amount for that Interest Period; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date of the Covered Bonds or such other date as 
may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“Interest Determination Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of, the relevant Pricing Supplement and, if a Business Day Convention is specified 
in the relevant Pricing Supplement: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or

--- Page 94 ---
German Terms and Conditions 
 
 
94 
 
 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the 
relevant Pricing Supplement as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in 
accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at 
such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the 
case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other 
case); 
“Interest Period” means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated as at the Issue Date) 
as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.; 
“Issue Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“Margin” has the meaning given in the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“Maturity Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“Maximum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“Member States” means the member states of the European Economic Area; 
“Minimum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Call)” means, in respect of any Covered Bond, its Outstanding 
Principal Amount, or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, 
these Conditions or the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Put)” means, in respect of any Covered Bond, its Outstanding 
Principal Amount, or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, 
these Conditions or the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“Optional Redemption Date (Call)” has the meaning given in the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“Optional Redemption Date (Put)” has the meaning given in the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“Outstanding Principal Amount” means, in respect of a Covered Bond, its principal amount 
outstanding or otherwise as specified in the Pricing Supplement; 
“Payment Business Day” means: 
(i) 
if relevant, a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments generally; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each Applicable Financial Centre, and 
if TARGET is an Applicable Financial Centre, a TARGET Settlement Day; 
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
“Put Option Notice” means a notice, in the form available from the Specified Office of the Registrar 
which must be delivered to the Registrar by any Covered Bondholder wanting to exercise its right to 
require the Issuer to redeem a Covered Bond; 
“Put Option Receipt” means a receipt issued by the Registrar to a depositing Covered Bondholder 
upon deposit of a Covered Bond with the Registrar by any Covered Bondholder wanting to exercise its 
right to require the Issuer to redeem a Covered Bond; 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Covered Bonds specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement or calculated or determined

--- Page 95 ---
German Terms and Conditions 
 
 
95 
 
 
in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Pricing Supplement and 
subject, at all times, if any such rate is below zero, that such rate will be deemed to be zero, unless 
otherwise stated in the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“Redemption Amount” means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount, the Early Redemption Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Put), the Early Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a 
redemption amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, these 
Conditions or the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“Reference Banks” has the meaning given in the relevant Pricing Supplement or, if none, four major 
banks selected by the Calculation Agent with the assistance of the Issuer in the market that is most 
closely connected with the Reference Rate; 
“Reference Price” has the meaning given in the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“Reference Rate” has the meaning given in the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“Register” means a register established and maintained by the Issuer pursuant to the Danish Covered 
Bond Legislation; 
“Regular Period” means: 
(i) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding 
the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including one Interest 
Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled 
to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date 
falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where “Regular Date” means the 
day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from 
and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, 
where “Regular Date” means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest 
Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular 
Interest Period; 
“Relevant Date” means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received in the 
Applicable Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due 
date, the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to 
the Covered Bondholders; 
“Relevant Financial Centre” has the meaning given in the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“Relevant Screen Page” means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, the Reuters Money 3000 Service) specified as the Relevant Screen Page 
in the relevant Pricing Supplement, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that 
information service or such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person 
providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices 
comparable to the Reference Rate; 
“Relevant Time” has the meaning given in the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“Senior Debt” means loans that may be taken out to purchase assets which are in turn added to the 
Cover Pool in the event that the Issuer is required to post additional collateral;

--- Page 96 ---
German Terms and Conditions 
 
 
96 
 
 
“Series” means each issue of Covered Bonds which are expressed to form a series in the relevant 
Pricing Supplement; 
“SONIA” means the Sterling Overnight Index Average; 
“Specified Currency” has the meaning given in the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“Specified Denomination(s)” has the meaning given in the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“Specified Office” has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
“Specified Period” has the meaning given in the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any Person (the “first Person”) at any particular time, any other 
Person (the “second Person”): 
(i) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, whether by 
ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the 
governing body of the second person or otherwise; or 
(ii) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person; 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-time 
Gross settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (“TARGET”) which was launched on 19 
November 2007 or any successor thereto is open for the settlement of payment in euro; 
 “Transfer Date” means the date stated in the duly completed form of assignment as the date on which 
the economic effects of the assignment shall occur; and 
“Zero Coupon Covered Bonds” means a Covered Bond specified as such in the relevant Pricing 
Supplement. 
2.2 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any additional 
amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 8 (Taxation), any 
premium payable in respect of a Covered Bond and any other amount in the nature of 
principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(ii) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of 
interest which may be payable under Condition 8 (Taxation) and any other amount in the 
nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(iii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2.1 (Definitions) to have the meaning given in the 
relevant Pricing Supplement, but the relevant Pricing Supplement gives no such meaning or 
specifies that such expression is “not applicable” then such expression is not applicable to the 
Covered Bonds; and 
(iv) 
any reference to the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the Agency 
Agreement as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue Date of the 
Covered Bonds. 
2.3 
Pricing Supplement prevails: Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the 
relevant Pricing Supplement shall have the same meanings where used in these Conditions unless the 
context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that in the event of any 
inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the relevant Pricing Supplement, the relevant 
Pricing Supplement will prevail.

--- Page 97 ---
German Terms and Conditions 
 
 
97 
 
 
3. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
3.1 
Form of the Covered Bonds: The Covered Bonds are in registered, definitive, certificated form and 
serially numbered, in the Specified Currency and the Specified Denomination(s). Covered Bonds of 
one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Covered Bonds of the same or any other 
Specified Denomination. 
3.2 
No Exchange: Covered Bonds may not be exchanged for Registered Covered Bonds or Bearer Covered 
Bonds or VP Systems Covered Bonds and vice versa. 
3.3 
The Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, Floating Rate Covered Bonds, Zero Coupon 
Covered Bonds or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in 
the relevant Pricing Supplement.  
3.4 
Title to Covered Bonds: Subject to the other provisions of these Conditions (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, as set out in the certificate evidencing the Covered Bond), each person who is for 
the time being shown in the German Registered Covered Bonds Register as the holder of a particular 
nominal amount of Covered Bonds may be treated by the Issuer, the Registrar, the Fiscal Agent and 
any other Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Covered Bonds. 
3.5 
Transfer of Covered Bonds: Transfers of Covered Bonds will take place through assignment and 
registration in the German Registered Covered Bonds Register, in accordance with the provisions of 
these Conditions (including, for the avoidance of doubt, as set out in the certificate evidencing the 
Covered Bond). 
4. 
Status of the Covered Bonds 
Each relevant Category of Covered Bonds constitutes ordinary and unsubordinated obligations, issued 
in accordance with, and subject to, the Danish Covered Bond Legislation and ranks pari passu among 
themselves and with related derivative contracts contained in the relevant Issuer Cover Pool (as 
specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement). Senior Debt (if any) ranks immediately thereafter. To the 
extent that claims in relation to the relevant Category of Covered Bonds and related derivative 
contracts, any refinancing bonds issued by the administrator, any short-term loans taken out by the 
administrator and any Senior Debt (if any) issued with the benefit of the assets in the relevant Issuer 
Cover Pool are not met out of the pool of assets or the proceeds arising from it, the residual claims will 
rank pari passu with the unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, including obligations 
under preferred senior obligations, and ahead of the obligations under the non-preferred senior debt 
obligations of the Issuer as well as ahead of the subordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
5. 
Interest 
5.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Covered Bonds: 
5.1.1 
Interest: Each Fixed Rate Covered Bond bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. 
Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the 
Maturity Date. 
5.1.2 
Fixed Coupon Amount and Broken Amount: Except as provided in the relevant Pricing Supplement, the 
amount of interest payable in respect of the Calculation Amount for any Interest Period shall be the 
relevant Fixed Coupon Amount or the relevant Broken Amount, as the case may be.  
5.1.3 
Calculation of Interest Amount: If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than an Interest 
Period or if no Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount is specified in the relevant Pricing 
Supplement, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount shall be calculated by applying the 
Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product thereof by the applicable Day

--- Page 98 ---
German Terms and Conditions 
 
 
98 
 
 
Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified 
Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable 
market convention.  
5.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds: 
5.2.1 
Interest: Each Floating Rate Covered Bond bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear for each Interest 
Period on either: 
(i) 
the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement; or 
(ii) 
if no Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement, each date 
which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified Period in the 
relevant Pricing Supplement after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the 
first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
5.2.2 
Rate of Interest: The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds will be determined in the manner specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement. 
5.2.3 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate(s) of Interest applicable to the 
Covered Bonds for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as specified in 
the relevant Pricing Supplement) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this Condition 5.2.3, “ISDA 
Rate” for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the 
Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent was acting as 
Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA 
Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement; and 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date is either (a) if the applicable Floating Rate Option is based on the 
London inter-bank offered rate (“LIBOR”) or on the Eurozone inter-bank offered rate 
(“EURIBOR”) the first day of that Interest Period or (b) in any other case, as specified in the 
relevant Pricing Supplement. 
5.2.4 
Screen Rate Determination: 
(A) 
Screen Rate Determination – where the applicable Reference Rate is other than Compounded 
Daily SONIA: 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement as the manner in which 
the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined and the applicable Reference Rate is a rate other than 
Compounded Daily SONIA, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds for each Interest 
Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the Reference 
Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date; 
(iii) 
if, in the case of Condition 5.2.4(i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the 
case of Condition 5.2.4(i) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either 
case, the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, the Calculation Agent will:

--- Page 99 ---
German Terms and Conditions 
 
 
99 
 
 
(a) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each the Reference Banks to 
provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre 
interbank market in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that 
market at that time; and 
(b) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(iv) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the principal financial centre 
of the Specified Currency, selected by the Calculation Agent, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(local time in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading European banks for a 
period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the 
case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is 
unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above 
provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds 
during such Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the 
arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the Covered Bonds in respect of the last preceding 
Interest Period. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination – where the applicable Reference Rate is Compounded Daily 
SONIA 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement as the manner in which 
the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined and the applicable Reference Rate is Compounded Daily 
SONIA, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds for each Interest Accrual Period will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the Calculation Agent will calculate the rate of 
return (“Compounded Daily SONIA”) of a daily compound interest investment during the 
Observation Period corresponding to such Interest Accrual Period (with the daily Sterling 
overnight reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
 
where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“do” is the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London

--- Page 100 ---
German Terms and Conditions 
 
 
100 
 
 
Banking Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period to, and including, the last 
London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London; 
“ni”, for any London Banking Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such London Banking Day “i” up to (but excluding) the following London 
Banking Day; 
“Observation Period” means the period from (and including) the date falling “p” 
London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period to 
(but excluding) the date falling “p” London Banking Days prior to (A) (in the case of 
an Interest Period) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period or (B) (in the 
case of any other Interest Accrual Period) the date on which the relevant payment of 
interest falls due;  
“p” is the number of London Banking Days by which an Observation Period 
precedes the corresponding Interest Accrual Period, being the number of London 
Banking Days specified as the “SONIA Lag Period (p)” in the relevant Pricing 
Supplement (or, if no such number is so specified, five London Banking Days);  
the “SONIA reference rate”, in respect of any London Banking Day (“LBDx”), is a 
reference rate equal to the daily SONIA rate for such LBDx as provided by the 
administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day immediately 
following LBDx; and 
“SONIAi-pLBD” means the SONIA reference rate for the London Banking Day (being 
a London Banking Day falling in the relevant Observation Period) falling “p” London 
Banking Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day “i”; and 
(ii) 
if, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period, the applicable 
SONIA reference rate is not made available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise 
been published by the relevant authorised distributors, then the SONIA reference rate in 
respect of such London Banking Day shall be: (i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the 
“Bank Rate”) prevailing at 5.00 p.m. (London time) (or, if earlier, close of business) on such 
London Banking Day; plus (ii) the arithmetic mean of the spread of the SONIA reference rate 
to the Bank Rate over the previous five London Banking Days on which a SONIA reference 
rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest 
spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one 
lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads), and the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Accrual Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate so determined; provided, however, 
that if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate in accordance with the above 
provisions in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Covered Bonds during such Interest Accrual Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate 
last determined in relation to the Covered Bonds in respect of the last preceding Interest 
Accrual Period. 
5.2.5 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
is specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater 
than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified.

--- Page 101 ---
German Terms and Conditions 
 
 
101 
 
 
5.2.6 
Linear Interpolation: Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest 
Period in the relevant Pricing Supplement, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based 
on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Pricing Supplement), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period 
and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for 
which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided however 
that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, 
then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such next shorter 
or (as the case may be) next longer rate as last determined. 
5.2.7 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amounts: The Calculation Agent will at 
or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the 
Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period and will calculate the amount of interest (the “Interest 
Amount”) payable per Covered Bond in respect of the Floating Rate Covered Bonds for the relevant 
Interest Period. The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Floating Rate 
Covered Bond for any Interest Period shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the 
Calculation Amount, multiplying the product thereof by the applicable Day Count Fraction for such 
Interest Period, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified 
Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable 
market convention. In respect of any other period for which interest is required to be calculated, the 
provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for which interest 
is required to be calculated.  
5.2.8 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts: Except where the applicable Reference Rate is 
Compounded Daily SONIA, the Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest 
Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the 
Fiscal Agent and the Covered Bondholders by no later than the first day of each Interest Period. Each 
Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate 
alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension 
or shortening of the Interest Period. 
Where the applicable Reference Rate is Compounded Daily SONIA, the Calculation Agent will cause 
the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Accrual Period and the relative Interest 
Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the Covered Bondholders as soon as 
possible after their determination but in no event later than the second London Banking Day thereafter. 
Each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the 
event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Accrual Period. 
5.2.9 
Certificates to be Final: All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 5, by the Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest 
error) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Registrar and all Covered Bondholders and (in the 
absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer or the Covered Bondholders shall attach to the 
Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
5.3 
Accrual of Interest: Subject as provided in Condition 5.4 (Interest Payments up to the Extended 
Maturity Date), each Covered Bond (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Covered Bond, 
that part only of such Covered Bond) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date of its redemption 
unless, upon due presentation thereof, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such 
event, interest will continue to accrue in accordance with these Conditions, unless the default rate of 
interest applicable pursuant to German law (§§ 288 (1), 247 (1) German Civil Code) on the relevant

--- Page 102 ---
German Terms and Conditions 
 
 
102 
 
 
due date for redemption (the “Default Rate of Interest”) is higher than the rate of interest to be paid 
pursuant to these Conditions, in which event the Default Rate of Interest shall apply from (and 
including) the relevant due date for redemption to (but excluding) the date of actual redemption of such 
Covered Bond. 
5.4 
Interest Payments up to the Extended Maturity Date: If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the 
relevant Pricing Supplement as applying to a Series of Covered Bonds and the maturity of those 
Covered Bonds is extended beyond the Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 7.9 (Extension of 
Maturity Date): 
(i) 
the Covered Bonds shall bear interest from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but 
excluding) the Extended Maturity Date or, if the Covered Bonds are redeemed prior to the 
Extended Maturity Date, the Interest Payment Date on which they are redeemed, subject to 
Condition 5.3 (Accrual of Interest). In that event, interest shall be payable on those Covered 
Bonds at the rate determined in accordance with Condition 5.4(ii) on the principal amount 
outstanding of the Covered Bonds on each Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date in 
respect of the Interest Period ending immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, 
subject as otherwise provided in the relevant Pricing Supplement. The final Interest Payment 
Date shall fall no later than the Extended Maturity Date; 
(ii) 
the rate of interest payable from time to time under Condition 5.4(i) will be as specified in the 
relevant Pricing Supplement and, where applicable, determined by the Calculation Agent so 
specified, three Business Days after the Maturity Date in respect of the first such Interest 
Period and thereafter as specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Covered Bonds which are Zero Coupon Covered Bonds, for the purposes of this 
Condition 5.4 the principal amount outstanding shall be the total amount otherwise payable by 
the Issuer on the Maturity Date less any payments made by the Issuer in respect of such 
amount in accordance with these Conditions. 
6. 
Payments 
6.1 
Method of Payment: Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by cheque drawn in the 
currency in which payment is due on, or by credit or transfer to an account denominated in 
that currency and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Applicable Financial Centre of 
that currency; and 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the 
payee, by a cheque denominated in euro. 
All payments in respect of the Covered Bonds are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or 
other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 
8 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any 
official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation)) any 
law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. References to “Specified Currency” will 
include any successor currency under applicable law. 
6.2 
Payments in respect of Covered Bonds:  
(i) 
Subject to Condition 6.2(ii) below, payments of principal and interest in respect of Covered 
Bonds will be made on the respective due date by transfer to the Designated Account (as 
defined below) of the Covered Bondholder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Covered

--- Page 103 ---
German Terms and Conditions 
 
 
103 
 
 
Bonds appearing in the German Registered Covered Bonds Register at the close of the 
business on the fifteenth business day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open 
for business in the city where the Specified Office of the Registrar is located) before the 
relevant due date (the “Record Date”). For this purpose “Designated Account” means the 
account (which, in case of payment in Japanese Yen to a non resident of Japan, shall be a non 
resident account) maintained by the Covered Bondholder with a Designated Bank and 
identified as such in the German Registered Covered Bonds Register and “Designated Bank” 
means in the case of payment in a Specified Currency (other than euro) a bank in the principal 
financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency and (in the case of payment in euro) 
any bank which processes payments in euro. 
(ii) 
This Condition 6.2(ii) shall only apply if the relevant Pricing Supplement specifies that 
“Partial Interest Upon Transfer(s)” is applicable and shall not apply if the relevant Pricing 
Supplement specifies that “Eurobond Interest Upon Transfer(s)” is applicable. In the case of a 
transfer of a Covered Bond (in whole or in part) occurring during any Interest Period, payment 
of interest on the Covered Bond or, in the case of a transfer in part on a pro rata basis, on the 
resulting Covered Bonds, shall be made on the respective due date thereof to (i) the Assignor 
of the Covered Bond for the period from and including the last Interest Payment Date or the 
Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be, to but excluding the relevant Transfer Date 
and (ii) the Assignee appearing in the German Registered Covered Bonds Register as the new 
Covered Bondholder on the Record Date, for the period from and including the relevant 
Transfer Date to but excluding the relevant Interest Payment Date, and (iii) if more than one 
assignment of the Covered Bond occurs during one Interest Period, to each Covered 
Bondholder, with respect to the period of its holding of the Covered Bond, for the period from 
and including each relevant Transfer Date to but excluding the respective next following 
Transfer Date. 
6.3 
Surrender of Covered Bond: The Covered Bondholder shall without undue delay surrender this 
Covered Bond to the Issuer or the Registrar upon payment of principal and interest, if any, in full. 
6.4 
Payment Date: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Covered Bond is not a 
Payment Business Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following 
Payment Business Day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other 
payment in respect of such delay. 
6.5 
Waiver of Set-Off: The Issuer hereby waives any right of set-off against claims of the Covered 
Bondholders arising from this Covered Bond as well as the exercise of any pledge, lien, right of 
retention or other rights which could adversely affect claims of the Covered Bondholders (i) if such 
claims belong to the guaranteed assets (Sicherungsvermögen) of an insurance company within the 
meaning of § 125 of the German Insurance Supervisory Law (Versicherungsaufsichtsgesetz, as 
amended, supplemented or replaced – “VAG”) or (ii) if such claims belong to the assets which are 
governed by the general principles set out in § 124 and § 215 of the VAG and, as the case may be, in 
connection with the German Regulation on the Investment of Guarantee Assets of Pension Schemes, 
Funeral Expenses Funds and Small Insurance Undertakings (Verordnung über die Anlage des 
Sicherungsvermögens von Pensionskassen, Sterbekassen und kleinen Versicherungsunternehmen 
(Anlageverordnung – ANLV), as amended, supplemented or replaced) or (iii) if such claims belong to 
funds which cover debt securities (Deckungsmasse für Schuldverschreibungen) and have been created 
on the basis of domestic legislation. The same applies mutatis mutandis in the event of composition or 
insolvency proceedings. 
7. 
Redemption and Purchase 
7.1 
Scheduled Redemption: Unless previously redeemed or purchased as specified below, each Covered 
Bond will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the

--- Page 104 ---
German Terms and Conditions 
 
 
104 
 
 
manner specified in, the relevant Pricing Supplement in the relevant Specified Currency on the 
Maturity Date, subject as provided below if an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
7.2 
Redemption for Tax Reasons: The Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in 
whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Covered Bond is not a Floating Rate Covered Bond) or on 
any Interest Payment Date (if this Covered Bond is a Floating Rate Covered Bond), on giving no less 
than thirty nor more than sixty days’ notice to the Fiscal Agent, the Registrar and, in accordance with 
Condition 12 (Notices), the Covered Bondholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(i) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Covered Bonds, the Issuer has or will 
become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8 (Taxation) 
as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Denmark or any 
political subdivision or any authority thereof or any authority or agency therein having power 
to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, 
which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date; and 
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it; 
provided that, no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than ninety days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of 
the Covered Bonds then due. Covered Bonds redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7.2 will be redeemed 
at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 7.5 (Early Redemption Amounts) below 
together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
7.3 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Call Option): If the Call Option is specified in the relevant 
Pricing Supplement, the Issuer shall, having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the 
maximum period of notice specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement to the Covered Bondholders in 
accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) (which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date 
fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the Covered Bonds then outstanding on any Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) and at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) specified in, or determined in 
the manner specified in, the relevant Pricing Supplement together, if appropriate, with interest accrued 
to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call). Any such redemption must be of a 
nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount or not more than the Maximum 
Redemption Amount in each case as may be specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement. 
7.4 
Redemption at the Option of the Covered Bondholders (Put Option): If the Put Option is specified in 
the relevant Pricing Supplement, upon the holder of any Covered Bond giving to the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) not less than the minimum nor more than the maximum period 
of notice specified in the Pricing Supplement, the Issuer and the Registrar will, upon the expiry of such 
notice, redeem, subject to, and in accordance with, the terms specified in the relevant Pricing 
Supplement, in whole (but not in part), such Covered Bond on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) and 
at the Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the Optional Redemption Date (Put). To exercise the right to require redemption of this 
Covered Bond, the Covered Bondholder must deliver such Covered Bond at the Specified Office of the 
Registrar at any time during normal business hours of such Registrar falling within the notice period, 
accompanied by a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) 
obtainable from any Specified Office of the Registrar (a “Put Option Notice”) and in which the holder 
must specify a bank account (or, if payment is by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made 
under this Condition 7. 
Any Put Option Notice given by any Covered Bondholder shall be irrevocable. 
7.5 
Early Redemption Amounts: For the purpose of Condition 7.2 (Redemption for Tax Reasons) above, the 
relevant Series of Covered Bonds will be redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount as follows:

--- Page 105 ---
German Terms and Conditions 
 
 
105 
 
 
(i) 
at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with accrued interest (if any) thereon; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Zero Coupon Covered Bonds, at an amount equal to the sum of (A) the 
Reference Price; and (B) the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being 
applied to the Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Covered Bond becomes 
due and payable; provided that, where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not 
a whole number of years, the calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall 
be made on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the relevant Pricing 
Supplement for the purposes of this Condition 7.5 or, if none is so specified, a Day Count 
Fraction of 30E/360; or 
(iii) 
on such other calculation basis as may be specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement. 
7.6 
Purchases: The Issuer, or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase or procure others to 
purchase for its account Covered Bonds at any price in the open market or otherwise. 
7.7 
Cancellation: All Covered Bonds which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled. The details of all 
Covered Bonds so cancelled and any Covered Bonds purchased pursuant to Condition 7.6 (Purchases) 
shall be forwarded to the Fiscal Agent and shall be deleted from the records of the Registrar and cannot 
be reissued or resold and the obligations in respect of such Registrar shall be discharged. 
7.8 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Covered Bonds: If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon 
Covered Bond upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Covered Bond pursuant to Condition 7.5(ii) 
above is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon 
Covered Bond shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 7.5(ii) above as though the 
references therein to the date fixed for the redemption were replaced by references to the date which is 
the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Covered Bond have been 
paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds has been received by the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar and 
notice to that effect has been given to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 
12 (Notices). 
7.9 
Extension of Maturity Date: 
(i) 
Extended Maturity Date: An Extended Maturity Date shall be specified in the relevant Pricing 
Supplement as applying to each Series of Covered Bonds unless to do so would result in the 
Issuer being unable to obtain the relevant credit rating(s) from the relevant rating agencies 
appointed by the Issuer at the relevant time in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds. 
(ii) 
Automatic Extension: If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the relevant Pricing 
Supplement as applying to a Series of Covered Bonds and the Issuer fails to redeem the 
relevant Covered Bonds in full on the Maturity Date or within three Business Days thereafter, 
the maturity of the outstanding Covered Bonds and the date on which such Covered Bonds 
will be due and repayable for the purposes of these Conditions will be automatically extended 
up to but no later than the Extended Maturity Date, subject as otherwise provided for in the 
relevant Pricing Supplement. In that event, the Issuer may redeem all or any part of the 
principal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds on any Interest Payment Date falling in 
any month after the Maturity Date up to and including the Extended Maturity Date or as 
otherwise provided for in the applicable Pricing Supplement. If the Maturity Date is extended 
in accordance with this Condition 7.9, the Issuer shall give notice to the Covered Bondholders 
(in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices)) and the Paying Agents of its intention to redeem 
all or any of the principal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds at least five Business

--- Page 106 ---
German Terms and Conditions 
 
 
106 
 
 
Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. Any failure by the Issuer to notify such 
persons shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of any redemption by the Issuer on the 
relevant Interest Payment Date, or give rise to rights to any such person. 
(iii) 
Zero Coupon Bonds: In the case of Covered Bonds which are Zero Coupon Covered Bonds to 
which an Extended Maturity Date is specified under the relevant Pricing Supplement, for the 
purposes of this Condition 7.9 the principal amount outstanding shall be the total amount 
otherwise payable by the Issuer on the Maturity Date less any payments made by the Issuer in 
respect of such amount in accordance with these Conditions. 
(iv) 
Extension Irrevocable: Any extension of the maturity of Covered Bonds under this Condition 
7.9 shall be irrevocable. Where this Condition 7.9 applies, any failure to redeem the Covered 
Bonds on the Maturity Date or any extension of the maturity of Covered Bonds under this 
Condition 7.9 shall not constitute an event of default for any purpose or give any Covered 
Bondholder any right to receive any payment of interest, principal or otherwise on the relevant 
Covered Bonds other than as expressly set out in these Conditions. 
(v) 
Payments: In the event of the extension of the maturity of Covered Bonds under this 
Condition 7.9, Interest Rates, Interest Periods and Interest Payment Dates on the Covered 
Bonds from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Extended Maturity Date 
shall be determined and made in accordance with the relevant Pricing Supplement and 
Condition 5.4 (Interest Payments up to the Extended Maturity Date). 
(vi) 
Partial Redemption after Maturity Date: If the Issuer redeems part and not all of the principal 
amount outstanding of Covered Bonds on any Interest Payment Date falling after the Maturity 
Date, the redemption proceeds shall be applied rateably across the Covered Bonds and the 
principal amount outstanding on the Covered Bonds shall be reduced by the level of that 
redemption. 
(vii) 
Restriction on Further Issues: If the maturity of any Covered Bonds is extended up to the 
Extended Maturity Date in accordance with this Condition 7.9, subject as otherwise provided 
for in the relevant Pricing Supplement, for so long as any of those Covered Bonds remains 
outstanding, the Issuer shall not issue any further Covered Bonds, unless the proceeds of issue 
of such further Covered Bonds are applied by the Issuer on issue to redeem in whole or in part 
the relevant Covered Bonds in accordance with the terms hereof. 
8. 
Taxation 
8.1 
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds by or on behalf of the 
Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of 
Denmark or any political subdivision or any authority or agency thereof or therein having power to tax 
unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer will pay such 
additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the 
Covered Bonds after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and 
interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Covered Bonds, as the case may 
be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction except that no such additional amounts shall be 
payable with respect to any Covered Bond: 
(i) 
by reason of any payment under such Covered Bond being made to the Covered Bondholder 
in Denmark or Germany; or 
(ii) 
held by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Covered Bond by reason of it having some 
connection with Denmark other than the mere holding of such Covered Bond; or 
(iii) 
paid more than thirty days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) for a reason beyond the 
control of the Issuer, except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an

--- Page 107 ---
German Terms and Conditions 
 
 
107 
 
 
additional amount on presenting the same for payment on or before the expiry of such period 
of thirty days; or 
(iv) 
held by or on behalf of a holder who would be able to avoid such withholding or deduction by 
presenting any form or certificate and/or making a declaration of non-residence or similar 
claim for exemption or refund but fails to do so; or 
(v) 
where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder or any official interpretations thereof. 
As used herein, the “Relevant Date” means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Fiscal Agent or the 
Registrar, as the case may be, on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount 
of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Covered Bondholders 
in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices). 
8.2 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than 
Denmark, references in these Conditions to Denmark shall be construed as references to Denmark 
and/or such other jurisdiction. 
9. 
Prescription 
The obligations of the Issuer to pay principal and interest in respect of this Covered Bond shall be 
prescribed (i) in respect of principal upon the expiry of ten years following the respective due date for 
the payment of principal and (ii) in respect of interest upon the expiry of five years following the 
respective due date for the relevant payment of interest. 
10. 
Replacement of Covered Bonds 
If any Covered Bond is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the Specified 
Office of the Registrar upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in 
connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably 
require. Mutilated or defaced Covered Bonds must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
11. 
Agents 
11.1 
Fiscal Agent, Registrar and Paying Agent: The names of the initial Fiscal Agent, the Registrar and the 
other Paying Agents and their initial Specified Offices are set out in the Agency Agreement. 
11.2 
Variation of Appointment: The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal 
Agent or the Registrar and/or appoint additional or other Paying Agents or additional or other 
Registrars and/ or approve any change in the Specified Office through which any Fiscal Agent or 
Registrar acts, provided that: 
(i) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent (which may be the Fiscal Agent) with a Specified 
Office in a city in continental Europe outside Denmark; and 
(ii) 
there will at all times be a Registrar with a Specified Office outside the United Kingdom. 
11.3 
Agents of the Issuer: In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of 
the Issuer and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Covered 
Bondholders. The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Paying 
Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or 
substantially all of its assets to become the successor paying agent.

--- Page 108 ---
German Terms and Conditions 
 
 
108 
 
 
12. 
Notices 
Notices to Covered Bondholders shall, save where another means of effective communication has been 
specified herein or in the relevant Pricing Supplement, be given by first class mail (or equivalent) or (if 
posted to an overseas address) by air mail to them (or, in the case of joint Covered Bondholders, to the 
first-named in the register kept by the Registrar) at their respective addresses as recorded in the register 
kept by the Registrar (the “German Registered Covered Bonds Register”), and will be deemed to 
have been validly given on the fourth weekday after the date of such mailing or, if posted from another 
country, on the fifth such day. 
13. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Covered Bondholders to 
create and issue further covered bonds having terms and conditions the same as, or similar to, the 
Covered Bonds. 
14. 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
14.1 
Governing law: The Covered Bonds are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
German law except that the provisions of the Covered Bonds under Condition 4 (Status of the Covered 
Bonds) are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Danish law. 
14.2 
Place of Performance: The place of performance, for the purposes of the Covered Bonds, shall be 
Frankfurt am Main, Germany. 
14.3 
Submission to jurisdiction: The Issuer agrees, for the exclusive benefit of the Covered Bondholders, 
that the courts in Frankfurt am Main, Germany, shall have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may 
arise out of or in connection with the Covered Bonds and that accordingly any suit, action or 
proceedings (together referred to as “Proceedings”) arising out of or in connection with the Covered 
Bonds, may be brought in such courts. The jurisdiction of the courts in Frankfurt am Main, Germany 
shall be exclusive if Proceedings are brought by merchants (Kaufleute), legal entities under public law 
(juristische Personen des öffentlichen Rechts), special assets under public law (öffentlich-rechtliche 
Sondervermöngen) and persons not subject to the general jurisdiction of the courts of Germany 
(Personen ohne allgemeinen Gerichtsstand in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland). The German courts 
shall have exclusive jurisdiction over the annulment of lost or destroyed Covered Bonds. 
14.4 
Waiver of Objection: The Issuer hereby irrevocably waives any objection which it may have now or 
hereafter to the laying of the venue of any such Proceedings in any such court and any claim that any 
such Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum and hereby further irrevocably agrees 
that a judgment in any such Proceedings brought in the German courts shall be conclusive and binding 
upon it and may be enforced in the courts of any other jurisdiction. 
14.5 
Appointment of Process Agent: The Issuer appoints Danske Bank A/S having its business address at 
Georgsplatz 1, Postfach 10 15 22, D-20010 Hamburg, Germany as its agent for service of process, and 
undertakes that, in the event of the process agent ceasing so to act or ceasing to have his business 
address in Germany, it will appoint another person as its agent for service of process in Germany in 
respect of any Proceedings. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other 
manner permitted by law.

--- Page 109 ---
Non-exempt Final Terms 
 
 
109 
 
 
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS FOR COVERED BONDS OTHER THAN EXEMPT 
COVERED BONDS 
Pro Forma Final Terms for an issue of Covered Bonds other than Exempt Covered Bonds by Danske 
Bank A/S under the EUR 30,000,000,000 Global Covered Bond Programme. 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is 
eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) 
(“MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Details of any negative target market to be included if applicable]. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[MiFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered 
Bonds is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended) (“MiFID II”); EITHER [(ii) all channels for distribution of the are appropriate[, including 
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels 
for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following 
channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to retail clients are appropriate – investment advice[,/and] 
portfolio management[,/ and][non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s (as 
defined below) suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any 
negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].]] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA RETAIL INVESTORS – The 
Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the 
Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the European Economic Area has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[Amounts payable under the Covered Bonds will be calculated by reference to [LIBOR / EURIBOR / CIBOR / 
CITA / STIBOR / NIBOR / EONIA / Compounded Daily SONIA] which is provided by [legal name of the 
benchmark administrator]. As at the date of these Final Terms, [legal name of the benchmark administrator] 
[appears/does not appear] on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011.

--- Page 110 ---
Non-exempt Final Terms 
 
 
110 
 
 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [LIBOR / EURIBOR / CIBOR / CITA / STIBOR / NIBOR / EONIA / 
Compounded Daily SONIA] [does not fall within the scope of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “Benchmarks 
Regulation”) by virtue of Article 2 of that regulation/the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation apply] such that [legal name of the benchmark administrator] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence).]] 
 
FINAL TERMS DATED [●] 
Series No. [●] 
Tranche No. [●] 
DANSKE BANK A/S 
EUR 30,000,000,000 
Global Covered Bond Programme 
Issue of 
[Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Covered Bonds] 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Standard Terms and 
Conditions (the “Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 8 November 2019 [and the Prospectus 
Supplement No. [●] dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Covered Bonds described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus is 
available for viewing at, and copies may be obtained from, the website of The Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading 
as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) at www.ise.ie for a period of 12 months following the date of the Base 
Prospectus [(dated 8 November 2019)]. The Final Terms are available for viewing at the website of Euronext 
Dublin at www.ise.ie. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of an issue of Covered Bonds which is 
being increased was issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Standard Terms and 
Conditions (the “Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [original date], which are incorporated in 
the Base Prospectus dated [current date] [and the Prospectus Supplement No. [●] dated [●]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Current Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds 
described herein for the purposes the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Current 
Base Prospectus, including the Conditions which are incorporated by reference in the Current Base Prospectus 
in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Current Base Prospectus is available for viewing at, and 
copies may be obtained from, the website of The Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin 
(“Euronext Dublin”) at www.ise.ie for a period of 12 months following the date of the [Current] Base 
Prospectus [(dated [current date])]. The Final Terms are available for viewing at the website of Euronext Dublin 
at www.ise.ie.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
subparagraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
[When completing any Final Terms, consideration should be given as to whether any information 
required to complete the Final Terms constitutes “significant new factors” and consequently triggers the need 
for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.]

--- Page 111 ---
Non-exempt Final Terms 
 
 
111 
 
 
 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[● - [C/D/I]] 
(ii) 
Relevant Issuer Cover Pool: 
[Category C (Norwegian/Swedish Combined Real 
Estate)/Category 
D 
(Danish 
Residential 
Real 
Estate)/Category I (International Residential Real 
Estate) (delete as applicable)] 
(iii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
(iv) 
Date on which the Covered Bonds 
will be consolidated and form a 
single Series: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Covered Bonds will be 
consolidated and form a single Series with [identify 
earlier Tranche(s)] on [the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Covered Bond for interests in the 
Permanent Global Covered Bond, as referred to in 
paragraph [●] below, which is expected to occur on or 
about [date].] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[[●]] 
(i) 
[[Series:] 
[●] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●]]1 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [(plus 
[amount] accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
 
 
[●] [and integral multiples of [EUR 1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [EUR 199,000]. [No 
Definitive Covered Bonds will be issued with a 
denomination above [EUR 199,000].]] 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
 
[●] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. 
If more than one Specified Denomination, insert the 
highest common factor. Note: There must be a 
common factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
 
 
[●] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
 
[●] 
7. 
(i) 
Maturity Date: 
 
 
[specify date][, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention][(NB: include 
adjustment wording for Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds)] 
(ii) 
Extended Maturity Date: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sections of this 
                                                     
1 
Only need subsections if issue is an increase.

--- Page 112 ---
Non-exempt Final Terms 
 
 
112 
 
 
subparagraph) 
The Extended Maturity Date is [specify date][, subject 
to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention]2[(NB: include adjustment wording for 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds)] 
[If applicable, complete relevant sections regarding 
interest, etc.] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate][from (and including) the 
Issue Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date] 
[Thereafter] [[T/t]he relevant [currency] LIBOR / 
EURIBOR / CIBOR / CITA / STIBOR / NIBOR / 
EONIA/ Compounded Daily SONIA] Floating Rate 
specified in paragraph 13 (vii) [plus/minus] the 
relevant Margin specified in paragraph 13 (x)] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below at paragraph [12] 
[13] [14]) 
9. 
Redemption Basis: 
 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption[, or, if applicable, as described in 
Condition 7.9], the Covered Bonds will be redeemed 
on the Maturity Date at [100.00/[●]] per cent. of their 
nominal amount.  
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
 
[Not Applicable/cross refer to paragraph 8 above or 
paragraphs 12 and 13 below] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
 
 
[Call Option/Put Option/Not Applicable] 
[(see paragraphs 15 and 16 below)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
12. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bond Provisions 
 
[Applicable [until the Maturity Date]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
 
[●] per cent. per annum payable [annually/semi-
annually/ quarterly/monthly] in arrear 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
 
[Not Applicable]/[[●] per Calculation Amount payable 
on [●]] (Insert particulars of any initial or final broken 
interest amounts which do not correspond with the 
Fixed Coupon Amount[s])  
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual ([ICMA]/ISDA)] 
13. 
Floating Rate Covered Bond Provisions 
 
[Applicable [if the Issuer does not redeem the Covered 
Bonds in full on the Maturity Date or within three 
                                                     
2 
If applicable, specified date should be that falling one year after the Maturity Date.

--- Page 113 ---
Non-exempt Final Terms 
 
 
113 
 
 
Business Days thereafter]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
(Specified Period and Interest Payment Dates are 
alternatives. A Specified Period, rather than Interest 
Payment Dates, will only be relevant if the Business 
Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention. Otherwise, 
insert “Not Applicable”) 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
(Specified Period and Interest Payment Dates are 
alternatives. If the Business Day Convention is the 
FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention, insert “Not Applicable”) 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(iv) 
Applicable Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/insert Applicable Business Centres] 
(v) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(vi) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s): 
[●] 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
־ 
Reference Rate: 
[Compounded Daily SONIA][[●] month [currency] 
LIBOR / EURIBOR / CIBOR / CITA / STIBOR / 
NIBOR / EONIA] 
־ 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
־ 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
־ 
Relevant Time: 
[●] in the Relevant Financial Centre 
־ 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[London/Brussels/Stockholm/Oslo/Copenhagen] 
־ 
SONIA Lag Period (p): 
[[5/[●]] London Banking Days/Not Applicable] 
־ 
Reference Banks: 
[●] 
־ 
Reference Rate Replacement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
־ 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
־ 
Designated Maturity: 
[●]

--- Page 114 ---
Non-exempt Final Terms 
 
 
114 
 
 
־ 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
(ix) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable – the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using linear interpolation in accordance 
with Condition 5.2.6 (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
(x) 
Margin(s): 
[Plus/Minus][●] per cent. per annum 
(xi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
 
[Not Applicable/[●] per cent. per annum] 
(xii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
 
[Not Applicable/[●] per cent. per annum] 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[●] 
14. 
Zero Coupon Covered Bond Provisions 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
15. 
Call Option 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) (Call): 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
(Call) of each Covered Bond: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
(b) Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
(iv) 
Notice periods: 
[Minimum period: [●] days 
Maximum period: [●] days] 
16. 
Put Option 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) (Put): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
Notice periods: 
[Minimum period: [●] days

--- Page 115 ---
Non-exempt Final Terms 
 
 
115 
 
 
Maximum period: [●] days] 
17. 
Final Redemption Amount 
 
 
[Outstanding Principal Amount/[●] per Calculation 
Amount] 
18. 
Early Redemption Amount [(Tax)] or 
Early Termination Amount 
 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount [(Tax)] or Early 
Termination 
Amount 
or 
other 
early 
redemption: 
 
[As set out in the Conditions] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS 
19. 
Form of Covered Bonds: 
[Bearer Covered Bonds] [Initially represented by a 
[Temporary/Permanent] 
Global 
Covered 
Bond.] 
[Specify. If nothing is specified and these Final Terms 
do not specify that TEFRA C Rules apply, the Covered 
Bonds will be represented initially by a Temporary 
Global Covered Bond. If these Final Terms specify 
that TEFRA C Rules apply, the Covered Bonds will be 
represented by a Permanent Global Covered Bond] 
 
[Temporary Global Covered Bond exchangeable for a 
Permanent 
Global 
Covered 
Bond 
which 
is 
exchangeable for Definitive Covered Bonds on [●] 
days’ notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances 
described in the Permanent Global Covered Bond.] 
 
[Temporary Global Covered Bond exchangeable for 
Definitive Covered Bonds on [●] days’ notice/at any 
time/in the limited circumstances described in the 
Temporary Global Covered Bond.] 
 
[Permanent Global Covered Bonds exchangeable for 
Definitive Covered Bonds on [●] days’ notice/at any 
time/in the limited circumstances described in the 
Permanent Global Covered Bond.] 
 
[Global Registered Covered Bond [registered in the 
name of a nominee for a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common 
safe-keeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg] exchangeable for Registered Covered 
Bonds on [●] days’ notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances described in the Global Registered 
Covered Bond.] 
(N.B. In the case of Bearer Covered Bonds, the 
exchange upon notice/at any time options as specified 
above and in the Conditions should not be expressed 
to be applicable if the Specified Denomination of the 
Covered Bonds in paragraph 5 includes language 
substantially to the following effect: “[[EUR 100,000]

--- Page 116 ---
Non-exempt Final Terms 
 
 
116 
 
 
and integral multiples of [EUR 1,000] in excess 
thereof and up to and including [EUR 199,000]].”) 
 
[VP Systems Covered Bonds issued in uncertificated 
and dematerialised book entry form. See further item 
[5] of Part B below.] 
20. 
If issued as Registered Covered Bonds, 
Registrar: 
[Not Applicable/Name and Specified Office] 
21. 
New Global Covered Bond Form/New Safe-
keeping Structure: 
[New Global Covered Bond Form/New Safe-keeping 
Structure/Not Applicable] 
22. 
Applicable Financial Centre(s): 
 
[Give details. See definition of Payment Business Day 
in the Conditions. Note that this item relates to the 
date and place of payment, and not to Interest 
Payment Dates] 
23. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Covered Bonds (and dates on 
which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. If yes, give details] 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By: 
 ......................................................... 
By: 
 ........................................................  
Duly authorised 
 
Duly authorised 
CC: Citibank, N.A., London Branch, as Fiscal Agent and Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, as Principal 
Registrar

--- Page 117 ---
Non-exempt Final Terms 
 
 
117 
 
 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[The Official List of Euronext Dublin/ The Nasdaq 
Copenhagen A/S/ The Oslo Børs/ The Nasdaq 
Stockholm AB/ specify other] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Covered Bonds to 
be admitted to trading on [Euronext Dublin’s/ Nasdaq 
Copenhagen A/S’s/ Oslo Børs’s/ Nasdaq Stockholm 
AB’s/ specify other] regulated market with effect on or 
about [●]] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original securities are already admitted to 
trading) 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses relating 
to admission to trading: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
2. 
Ratings 
 
Ratings: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Covered Bonds to be issued 
[[have been]/[are expected to be]] rated [insert details] 
by [insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity(ies)].   
[There is no guarantee that [any of] the above rating[s] 
will be maintained following the date of these Final 
Terms. Up-to-date information should always be 
sought by direct reference to the relevant rating 
agency.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Covered Bonds of the type being issued 
under the Programme generally or, where the issue 
has been specifically rated, that rating.)] 
Each of [defined terms] is established in the European 
Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended). 
3. 
[Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the [Issue/Offer] 
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement: 
Save as discussed in the “Subscription and Sale” and “General Information” sections of the Base 
Prospectus, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Covered Bonds has an 
interest material to the offer.] 
[4.] 
[Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only – Yield 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
As set out above, the yield is calculated at the Issue 
Date on the basis of the Issue Price. It is not an 
indication of future yield.]

--- Page 118 ---
Non-exempt Final Terms 
 
 
118 
 
 
[5.] 
Operational Information 
 
[ISIN Code/CUSIP/Securities Identification 
Number]: 
[●] 
Common Code: 
[●] 
New Global Covered Bond/Global 
Registered Covered Bond intended to be held 
in a manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Yes. Note that the designation “Yes” simply means 
that the Covered Bonds are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of Euroclear Bank SA/NV and/or 
Clearstream Banking S.A. [(together, the “ICSDs”)] as 
common safe-keeper [(and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common safe-
keeper,][include this text for Registered Covered 
Bonds] and does not necessarily mean that the 
Covered Bonds will be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the European Central Bank being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.]  
[Yes. Note that the designation “Yes” does not 
necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the European Central Bank being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
(Include for issues of relevant VP Systems Covered 
Bonds only) 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “No” at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Covered Bonds are capable of meeting them, the 
Covered Bonds may then be deposited with one of 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and/or Clearstream Banking 
S.A. [(together, the “ICSDs”)] as common safe-keeper 
[(and registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safe-keeper,][include this 
text for Registered Covered Bonds]. Note that this does 
not necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds will then 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the European Central 
Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]  
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV, Clearstream Banking S.A. or 
[Not 
Applicable/VP/VPS/Euroclear 
Sweden/give 
name(s)][The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain certain

--- Page 119 ---
Non-exempt Final Terms 
 
 
119 
 
 
The Depositary Trust Corporation and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
information 
from 
the 
register 
maintained 
by 
[VP]/[VPS]/[Euroclear Sweden] for the purpose of 
performing its obligations under the issue of VP 
Systems Covered Bonds] (delete as applicable) 
Settlement Procedures: 
[Specify whether customary covered bond/other 
settlement and payment procedures apply] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
[6.] 
Distribution 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
(iv) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(vi) 
TEFRA Rules: 
 [As set out in the [Current] Base Prospectus/TEFRA C 
Rules apply/Not Applicable] 
 
(Specify whether the automatic position in the Base 
Prospectus applies (ie. TEFRA D Rules apply) or 
TEFRA C Rules apply or whether TEFRA Rules are 
not applicable.) 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to European 
Economic Area Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Covered Bonds may constitute 
“packaged” 
products, 
“Applicable” 
should 
be 
specified.) 
[7.] 
Third Party Information 
[[●] has been extracted from [●]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [●], no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
[delete if not applicable] 
[8.] 
Reasons for the offer 
 
Use of Proceeds: 
[General Business Purposes] [Green Covered Bonds] 
[] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in the [Current] 
Base Prospectus – if reasons for the offer are 
different from general business purposes and/or 
Green Covered Bonds will need to include those 
reasons here.) 
[9.]       Estimated Net Amount of Proceeds

--- Page 120 ---
Non-exempt Final Terms 
 
 
120 
 
 
            Estimated Net Amount of Proceeds:  
[]

--- Page 121 ---
Exempt Pricing Supplement 
 
 
121 
 
 
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT COVERED BONDS  
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement for an issue of Exempt Covered Bonds by Danske Bank A/S under the EUR 
30,000,000,000 Global Covered Bond Programme. 
The Pricing Supplement in respect of each Tranche or, as the case may be, Series of Exempt Covered Bonds 
will be substantially in the following form, duly completed to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Covered Bonds 
and their issue. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part of the form of the Pricing Supplement but 
denotes directions for completing the Pricing Supplement. 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (“MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Details of any 
negative target market to be included if applicable]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Covered Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[MiFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties target market 
– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is eligible 
counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (“MiFID 
II”); EITHER [(ii) all channels for distribution of the are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio 
management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Covered 
Bonds to retail clients are appropriate – investment advice[,/and] portfolio management[,/ and][non-advised sales][and 
pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s (as defined below) suitability and appropriateness obligations 
under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Covered Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].]] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (as defined 
below). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the 
“PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the European Economic Area has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.]

--- Page 122 ---
Exempt Pricing Supplement 
 
 
122 
 
 
PRICING SUPPLEMENT DATED [●] 
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROSPECTUS REGULATION (AS 
DEFINED BELOW) FOR THIS ISSUE OF COVERED BONDS. 
Series No. [●] 
[Tranche No. [●]]1 
DANSKE BANK A/S 
EUR 30,000,000,000 
Global Covered Bond Programme 
Issue of 
[Aggregate Nominal Amount of [Tranche/Series]] [German Registered] [Title of Covered Bonds] 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[The following language applies if the issue uses the German Terms and Conditions.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the German Terms and 
Conditions (the “Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 8 November 2019 [and the Prospectus 
Supplement No. [●] dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”). This 
document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Covered Bonds described herein, however it does not constitute 
Final Terms pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and has not been and will not be 
filed with and has not been and will not be approved by any authority pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation and 
therefore does not allow a public offer of the Covered Bonds in Germany or in another Member State. Full information 
on the Issuer and the offer of the Covered Bonds is only available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing 
Supplement and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing at, and copies may be obtained 
from, the website of The Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin at www.ise.ie for a period of 12 months 
following the date of the Base Prospectus [(dated 8 November 2019)].] 
[The following language applies if the issue uses the Standard Terms and Conditions for Exempt Covered 
Bonds] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Standard Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds (the “Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 8 November 2019 [and the 
Prospectus Supplement No. [●] dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”). 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Covered Bonds is only available on the basis of the combination of 
this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing at, and copies may be 
obtained from, the website of The Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin at www.ise.ie for a period of 12 
months following the date of the Base Prospectus [(dated 8 November 2019)].] 
[The following alternative language applies if (i) the issue uses the Standard Terms and Conditions for Exempt 
Covered Bonds and (ii) the first Tranche of such issue which is being increased was issued under a Base Prospectus 
with an earlier date] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Standard Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds (the “Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [original date], which are 
incorporated in the Base Prospectus dated [current date] [and the Prospectus Supplement No. [●] dated [●]] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Current Base Prospectus”). Full information on the Issuer and the offer 
of the Covered Bonds is only available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base 
Prospectus. The Current Base Prospectus is available for viewing at, and copies may be obtained from, the website of 
                                                     
1 
Delete in the case of German Registered Covered Bonds.

--- Page 123 ---
Exempt Pricing Supplement 
 
 
123 
 
 
The Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin at www.ise.ie for a period of 12 months following the date of 
the [Current] Base Prospectus [(dated 8 November 2019)].] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs. Italics 
denote guidance for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[● [C/D/I]] 
(ii) 
Relevant Issuer Cover Pool: 
[Category 
C 
(Norwegian/Swedish 
Combined 
Real 
Estate)/Category 
D 
(Danish 
Residential 
Real 
Estate)/Category I (International Residential Real Estate)/ 
(delete as applicable)] 
(iii) 
Tranche Number: 
[[●]/Not Applicable]2 
(iv) 
Date on which the Covered Bonds will 
be consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
[Not 
Applicable]3/[The 
Covered 
Bonds 
will 
be 
consolidated and form a single series with [identify earlier 
Tranche(s)] on [the Issue Date]] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[[●]] 
(i) 
[[Series:] 
[●] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●]]4 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
[amount] accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[●] 
7. 
(i) 
Maturity Date: 
[specify date][, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention][(NB: include adjustment 
wording for Floating Rate Covered Bonds)] 
(ii) 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sections of this 
subparagraph) 
The Extended Maturity Date is [specify date][, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention.]5[(NB: include adjustment wording for 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds)] 
                                                     
2 
In the case of German Registered Covered Bonds, insert “Not Applicable”. 
3 
In the case of German Registered Covered Bonds, insert “Not Applicable”. 
4 
Only need subsections if issue of Covered Bonds other than German Registered Covered Bonds is an increase.  
5 
If applicable, specified date should be that falling one year after the Maturity Date.

--- Page 124 ---
Exempt Pricing Supplement 
 
 
124 
 
 
[If applicable, complete relevant sections regarding 
interest, etc.] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate][for the period from (and 
including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the Maturity 
Date] 
[Thereafter] [[T/t]he relevant [currency] [reference rate]] 
Floating Rate specified in paragraph 13 (vii) [plus/minus] 
the relevant Margin specified in paragraph 13 (x)] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below) 
9. 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption[, or, if applicable, as described in Condition 
7.9], the Covered Bonds will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at 100.00 per cent. of their nominal amount.  
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Not Applicable/or specify details of any provision for 
convertibility of Covered Bonds into another interest basis 
or cross refer to paragraph 8 above or paragraphs 12 and 
13 below if details are included there] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Call Option/Put Option/Not Applicable] 
[(see paragraphs 15 and 16 below)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
12. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bond Provisions 
[Applicable [until the Maturity Date]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-annually/ 
quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[[●] per Calculation Amount payable on 
[●]] (Insert particulars of any initial or final broken 
interest amounts which do not correspond with the Fixed 
Coupon Amount[s])  
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual ([ICMA]/ISDA)] 
13. 
Floating Rate Covered Bond Provisions 
[Applicable [if the Issuer does not redeem the Covered 
Bonds in full on the Maturity Date or within three 
Business Days thereafter]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
[●] 
(Specified Period and Interest Payment Dates are 
alternatives. A Specified Period, rather than Interest 
Payment Dates, will only be relevant if the Business Day

--- Page 125 ---
Exempt Pricing Supplement 
 
 
125 
 
 
Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention. Otherwise, insert 
“Not Applicable”) 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] 
(Specified Period and Interest Payment Dates are 
alternatives. If the Business Day Convention is the FRN 
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention, insert “Not Applicable”) 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(iv) 
Applicable Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/insert Applicable Business Centres] 
(v) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(vi) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s): 
[●] 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
־ 
Reference Rate: 
[●] 
־ 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
־ 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
־ 
Relevant Time: 
[●] in the Relevant Financial Centre 
־ 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[●] 
־ 
SONIA Lag Period (p): 
[[5/[●]] London Banking Days/Not Applicable] 
־ 
Reference Banks 
[●] 
־ 
Reference Rate Replacement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(If ISDA Determination applies for German Registered 
Covered Bonds, attach the 2006 ISDA Definitions 
published by the International Swap and Derivatives 
Association) 
־ 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
־ 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
־ 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
(ix) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using linear interpolation in accordance with Condition

--- Page 126 ---
Exempt Pricing Supplement 
 
 
126 
 
 
5.2.6 (specify for each short or long interest period)] 
(x) 
Margin(s): 
[Plus/Minus][●] per cent. per annum 
(xi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable/[●] per cent. per annum] 
(xii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable/[●] per cent. per annum] 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[●] 
14. 
Zero Coupon Covered Bond Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
15. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) (Call): 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) of 
each Covered Bond and method, if any, 
of calculation of such amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
(iv) 
Notice periods: 
[Minimum period: [●] days 
Maximum period: [●] days] 
16. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) (Put): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
Notice periods: 
[Minimum period: [●] days 
Maximum period: [●] days] 
17. 
Final Redemption Amount 
[Outstanding Principal Amount/[●] per Calculation 
Amount] 
18. 
Early Redemption Amount [(Tax)] or Early 
Termination Amount 
 
Early Redemption Amount [(Tax)] or Early 
Termination Amount or other early redemption: 
[As set out in the Conditions] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS

--- Page 127 ---
Exempt Pricing Supplement 
 
 
127 
 
 
19. 
Form of Covered Bonds: 
[German Registered Covered Bonds] 
 
 
[Bearer Covered Bonds] [Initially represented by a 
[Temporary/Permanent] Global Covered Bond.] [Specify. 
If nothing is specified and these Final Terms do not 
specify that TEFRA C Rules apply, the Covered Bonds 
will be represented initially by a Temporary Global 
Covered Bond. If these Final Terms specify that TEFRA 
C Rules apply, the Covered Bonds will be represented by 
a Permanent Global Covered Bond] 
 
[Temporary Global Covered Bond exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Covered Bond which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Covered Bonds on [●] days’ notice/at any 
time/in the limited circumstances described in the 
Permanent Global Covered Bond.] 
 
[Temporary Global Covered Bond exchangeable for 
Definitive Covered Bonds on [●] days’ notice/at any 
time/in the limited circumstances described in the 
Temporary Global Covered Bond.] 
 
[Permanent Global Covered Bonds exchangeable for 
Definitive Covered Bonds on [●] days’ notice/at any 
time/in the limited circumstances described in the 
Permanent Global Covered Bond.] 
 
[Global Registered Covered Bond [registered in the name 
of a nominee for a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common safe-keeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg] exchangeable 
for Registered Covered Bonds on [●] days’ notice/at any 
time/in the limited circumstances described in the Global 
Registered Covered Bond.] 
(N.B. In the case of Bearer Covered Bonds, the exchange 
upon notice/at any time options as specified above and in 
the Conditions should not be expressed to be applicable if 
the Specified Denomination of the Covered Bonds in 
paragraph 5 includes language substantially to the 
following effect: “[[EUR 100,000] and integral multiples 
of [EUR 1,000] in excess thereof and up to and including 
[EUR 199,000]].”) 
 
[VP Systems Covered Bonds issued in uncertificated and 
dematerialised book entry form. See further item [2] of 
Part B below.] 
20. 
If issued as Registered Covered Bonds, 
Registrar: 
[Name and Specified Office] 
21. 
[New Global Covered Bond Form/New Safe-
keeping Structure]:  
[New Global Covered Bond Form/New Safe-keeping 
Structure/Not Applicable] [Will be not applicable for 
German Registered Covered Bonds. Will likely be not 
applicable for all Exempt Covered Bonds.]

--- Page 128 ---
Exempt Pricing Supplement 
 
 
128 
 
 
22. 
Applicable Financial Centre(s) or other special 
provisions relating to Payment Business Day: 
[Give details. See definition of Payment Business Day in 
the Conditions. Note that this item relates to the date and 
place of payment, and not to Interest Payment Dates] 
23. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Covered Bonds (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. If yes, give details] [Will be ‘No’ for German 
Registered Covered Bonds] 
24. 
Other final terms: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By: 
 ......................................................... 
By: 
 ........................................................  
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised 
CC: Citibank, N.A., London Branch, as Fiscal Agent and Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, as Principal Registrar 
[and German Registered Covered Bonds Registrar]

--- Page 129 ---
Exempt Pricing Supplement 
 
 
129 
 
 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Specify/Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Covered Bonds to be 
admitted to trading on [specify] with effect from [●]/Not 
Applicable.] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue, need to indicate 
that original securities are already admitted to trading.) 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses relating to admission 
to trading: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
2. 
Ratings  
 
 
Ratings: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Covered Bonds to be issued [[have 
been]/[are expected to be]] rated [insert details] by [insert 
the legal name of the relevant credit rating agency 
entity(ies)].   
[There is no guarantee that [any of] the above rating[s] 
will be maintained following the date of this Pricing 
Supplement. Up-to-date information should always be 
sought by direct reference to the relevant rating agency.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated 
to Covered Bonds of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.)] 
 
Each of [defined terms] is established in the European 
Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended). 
 
[3.] 
Operational Information: 
 
[ISIN Code/Securities Identification Number]: 
[[●]/Not Applicable]6 
Common Code: 
[[●]/Not Applicable]7 
Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Not Applicable]8 
[Yes. Note that the designation “Yes” simply means that 
the Covered Bonds are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of Euroclear Bank SA/NV and/or 
Clearstream Banking S.A. [(together, the “ICSDs”)] as 
common safe-keeper [(and registered in the name of a 
                                                     
6 
In the case of German Registered Covered Bonds, insert “Not Applicable”. 
7 
In the case of German Registered Covered Bonds, insert “Not Applicable”. 
8  
Section will be not applicable for German Registered Covered Bonds. Section will likely not be applicable for most Exempt Covered 
Bonds.

--- Page 130 ---
Exempt Pricing Supplement 
 
 
130 
 
 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common safe-
keeper,][include this text for Registered Covered Bonds] 
and does not necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds 
will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the European 
Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
[Yes. Note that the designation “Yes” does not necessarily 
mean that the Covered Bonds will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the European Central Bank 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] (Include for issues of relevant VP Systems 
Covered Bonds only) 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “No” at the 
date of this Pricing Supplement, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Covered Bonds are capable of meeting them the Covered 
Bonds may then be deposited with one of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. [(together, the 
“ICSDs”)] as common safe-keeper [(and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safe-keeper,][include this text for Registered Covered 
Bonds]. Note that this does not necessarily mean that the 
Covered Bonds will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the European 
Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]  
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking S.A. or 
the Depositary Trust Corporation and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not 
Applicable9/VP/ 
VPS/Euroclear 
Sweden/give 
name(s)][The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain certain 
information 
from 
the 
register 
maintained 
by 
[VP]/[VPS]/[Euroclear Sweden] for the purpose of 
performing its obligations under the issue of VP Systems 
Covered Bonds] (delete as appropriate)   
Settlement Procedures: 
[Specify 
whether 
customary 
covered 
bond/other 
settlement and payment procedures apply] 
 
[Eurobond Interest Upon Transfer(s)/Partial Interest Upon 
Transfer(s)] 
 
(In the case of German Registered Covered Bonds only, 
specify either (a) Eurobond Interest Upon Transfer(s) 
(Condition 6.2(i)) or (b) Partial Interest Upon Transfer(s) 
                                                     
9  
Section will be not applicable for German Registered Covered Bonds.

--- Page 131 ---
Exempt Pricing Supplement 
 
 
131 
 
 
(Condition 6.2(ii)) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment10 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
[4.] 
Distribution 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
(iv) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(vi) 
TEFRA Rules: 
[As set out in the Current Base Prospectus/TEFRA C 
Rules apply/Not Applicable] 
 
(Specify whether the automatic position in the Base 
Prospectus applies (ie. TEFRA D Rules apply) or TEFRA 
C Rules apply or whether TEFRA Rules are not 
applicable.) 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to European 
Economic Area Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the offer of the Covered Bonds may constitute 
“packaged” products, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
 
 
[5.] 
Third Party Information  
 
[[●] has been extracted from [●]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced 
and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [●], no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
[6.] 
Reasons for the offer 
 
 
Use of Proceeds: 
[General Business Purposes] [Green Covered Bonds] 
[] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in the [Current] 
Base Prospectus – if reasons for the offer are 
different from general business purposes and/or 
Green Covered Bonds, will need to include those 
reasons here.) 
 
                                                     
10 
Usually “Delivery free of payment” for German Registered Covered Bonds.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
An amount equal to the net proceeds from each issue of Covered Bonds will, unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, be applied/allocated by the Issuer as follows: 
(a) 
where “General Business Purposes” is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
for its general business purposes; or 
(b) 
where “Green Covered Bonds” is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, to 
finance or re-finance, in whole or in part, Green Loans located predominantly in the Nordic region 
and originated by the Issuer that promote the transition to low-carbon, climate resilient and 
sustainable economies, in each case as determined by the Issuer in accordance with the Green Loan 
categories set out in the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework available on the Issuer’s website 
(https://danskebank.com) and in effect at the time of issuance of the Green Covered Bonds.  
For the purposes of this section: 
“Green Loans” are loans and investments within the Green Loan categories set out in the Issuer’s Green Bond 
Framework. Such Green Loan categories are outlined in the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework and currently include 
those which relate to: clean transportation, renewable energy, transmission and energy storage; environmentally 
sustainable management of living natural resources and land use; green and energy efficient buildings; pollution 
prevention and control; sustainable water and wastewater management; and climate change adaption.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE DANSKE BANK GROUP 
The general corporate structure of the Danske Bank Group (the “Danske Bank Group” or the “Group”) is as 
shown below: 
Overview 
The Group is the leading financial service provider in Denmark (source: the DFSA) measured by total working 
capital as at 30 September 2018, and one of the largest in the Nordic region measured by total assets as at 31 December 
2018. The Group offers customers a wide range of services in the fields of banking, mortgage finance, insurance, 
pension, real-estate brokerage, asset management and trading in fixed income products, foreign exchange and equities. 
The Issuer is the largest bank in Denmark (source: the DFSA), is one of the larger banks in Finland and Northern 
Ireland, and has challenger positions in Sweden and Norway. As at 31 December 2018, the Group’s total assets 
amounted to DKK 3,578 billion (EUR 479.2 billion)1 and the Group employed 20,683 full-time equivalent employees. 
As at the same date, the Group had approximately 3.3 million customers and approximately 2.2 million customers used 
the Group’s online services. The Group had 237 branches as at 31 December 2018. 
Danske Bank A/S (“Danske Bank” or the “Issuer”) is the parent company of the Group. Danske Bank is a 
Nordic bank with bridges to the rest of the world, and its core markets are Denmark, Sweden, Norway and Finland. In 
these countries, it serves all types of customers, from retail customers and commercial to large corporate and 
institutional customers. It also operates in Northern Ireland, where it serves both retail and commercial customers. The 
Group has additional offices in several other European countries including a subsidiary in Luxembourg and branch 
offices in Poland, Germany and the U.K., where its main offerings are solutions for Nordic and local businesses as well 
as private banking clients. The Group also conducts broker-dealer activities in the United States. 
The registered office of the Issuer is at 2-12 Holmens Kanal, DK-1092 Copenhagen K, Denmark, with 
telephone number +45 33 44 00 00 and Danish corporate registration number 61126228. 
The Issuer’s History and Development 
The Issuer was founded in Denmark and registered on 5 October 1871 and has, through the years, merged with 
a number of financial institutions. The Issuer is a commercial bank with limited liability and carries on business under 
the Danish Financial Business Act. The Issuer is registered with the Danish Business Authority. 
In the period from 1997-2007, the Issuer strengthened its position in the Nordic region through acquisitions. In 
1997, it acquired Östgöta Enskilda Bank in Sweden, in 1999, Fokus Bank A/S in Norway and, in 2000, RealDanmark 
and its subsidiaries BG Bank A/S and Realkredit Danmark A/S. Furthermore, on 1 March 2005, the Issuer acquired 
Northern Bank Limited in Northern Ireland and National Irish Bank in the Republic of Ireland, and, on 1 February 
                                                     
1  
Unless specified, DKK amounts are converted into EUR at FX rate = 7.4673 DKK per EUR. 
Danske Bank
Forsikringsselskabet 
Danica (Life and Pensions)
Realkredit Danmark 
(Mortgage Finance)
Other 
Subsidiaries

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
 
2007, it acquired Sampo Bank plc in Finland (now Danske Bank A/S, Finland Branch), including Sampo Bank plc’s 
activities in the three Baltic countries and a subsidiary in St. Petersburg, Russia. 
Effective 1 June 1998, all branches of Östgöta Enskilda Bank were converted into branches of the Issuer and, 
effective 1 April 2007, Fokus Bank A/S and National Irish Bank were converted into branches of the Issuer and, in June 
2008, the three Baltic banks, AS Sampo Bank in Estonia, AS Sampo Banka in Latvia and AB Sampo bankas in 
Lithuania, were converted into branches of the Issuer. In November 2012, the Group rebranded its banking units and 
since then it has marketed all of its banking operations under the Danske Bank brand name. With effect from 1 January 
2014, the Group refocused its activities in the Republic of Ireland to serve exclusively Corporates & Institutions’ 
clients. All other activities in the Republic of Ireland were transferred to the Non-core business unit. With effect from 1 
January 2015, the Group refocused its activities in the Baltic countries to serve Business Banking customers. All 
Personal Banking customers in the Baltic countries were transferred to the Non-core business unit.  
In October 2017, the Danish MobilePay activities were transferred from Danske Bank A/S to the 100 per cent. 
owned subsidiaries, MobilePay A/S and MobilePay Denmark A/S, which hold the intellectual rights to MobilePay and 
the Danish MobilePay customers, respectively. 
On 26 June 2017, Danske Hypotek AB (publ) (“Danske Hypotek”) was granted a licence by the Swedish 
Financial Supervisory Authority to conduct financing business as a credit market company in Sweden as well as a 
licence to issue covered bonds under the Swedish Covered Bonds Act. Danske Hypotek is a wholly-owned subsidiary 
of the Issuer and has been established for the purpose of managing the Group’s issuance of covered bonds under the 
Swedish Covered Bonds Act. The Issuer will originate mortgage loans to be contained in the cover pool of Danske 
Hypotek under the terms of a mortgage loan sale agreement. In addition to acquiring mortgage loans originated by the 
Swedish Branch of the Issuer, Danske Hypotek may, in the future, originate its own Swedish mortgage loans as an 
original lender. All properties that constitute security for the mortgage loans in the Danske Hypotek cover pool will be 
located in Sweden. 
On 31 October 2017 the mortgage credit banking business of Danske Bank Plc, including the outstanding 
covered bonds issued by Danske Bank Plc and the relevant mortgage loans contained in the respective cover pool, was 
transferred to a new company, Danske Mortgage Bank Plc. Danske Mortgage Bank Plc is a wholly-owned subsidiary of 
the Issuer and holds a licence as a mortgage credit bank under the Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Bank Operations. 
Following the completion of this demerger, and as part of efforts to simplify the organisation and improve efficiency, 
the Group merged its remaining activities in Finland, consisting of Danske Bank Plc and Danske Bank A/S, Helsinki 
Branch, into a single branch, Danske Bank A/S, Finland Branch. Following completion of this cross-border merger in 
December 2017, the Issuer would originate mortgage loans to be contained in the cover pool of Danske Mortgage Bank 
Plc under the terms of a servicing agreement. All properties that constitute security for the mortgage loans in the 
Danske Mortgage Bank Plc cover pool will be located primarily in Finland. 
In December 2017, the Group entered into an agreement to purchase all shares of the Danish companies SEB 
Pensionforsikring A/S (including the property subsidiaries SEB Ejendomme I A/S and SEB Ejendomme II A/S) and 
SEB Administration A/S; the acquired companies are referred to as SEB Pension Danmark. Regulatory approvals were 
received on 30 May 2018, and the transaction was finalised on 7 June 2018. The companies have subsequently been 
renamed Danica Pensionsforsikring A/S and Danica Administration A/S. SEB Pensionsforsikring is a major player in 
the Danish pension and commercial market. The principal activities of SEB Administration are to provide 
administrative and agency services to the companies of the SEB Pension Danmark and other support function services. 
Through the acquisition of SEB Pension Danmark, the Group will increase its presence in the Danish pension market, 
strengthen its innovation capacity and be able to offer its customers even better pension and insurance solutions.  
On 11 December 2018, the Group announced the sale of Danica Pension Försikringsaktiebolag (publ) (Danica 
Pension Sweden). The sale was completed on 2 May 2019.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
 
In April 2018, the Group announced that it had decided to align its business activities in the Baltic countries in 
accordance with the Group’s strategy of focusing on customers in the Nordic region. As a result, all other local Baltic 
customers were transferred to the Non-core business unit. On 19 February 2019 it was announced that the Group will 
close all of its banking activities in the Baltics and Russia. In Estonia, the Estonian FSA has ordered the Issuer to cease 
all banking operations within eight months. In Latvia, Lithuania and Russia, the decision to close operations follows the 
Group’s strategy to focus on the Group’s Nordic core markets. All banking activities in Baltics and Russia have been 
transferred to the Non-core business unit and the winding-up is proceeding according to the plan.  
In June 2019, the Group entered into an agreement with AS LHV Pank with the intention for the counterparty 
to acquire the Group’s loan portfolio of local personal customers in Estonia. The sale is expected to settle before the end 
of November 2019. On 1 October 2019, the Issuer announced that the Danske Bank Estonia branch entered into 
liquidation. All daily banking for all customers has been closed and the corporate loan portfolio has been transferred to 
Danske Bank’s Lithuania branch for winding-up. A number of customers banking with the Group in the Nordics have 
transferred their banking business from Estonia to Danske Bank branches in the Nordics.  
The following table sets forth certain financial highlights of the Group: 
Financial highlights 
 
(DKKm) 
(EURm) 
Danske Bank Group 
2018 
2017 
2016 
2018 
2017 
2016 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total income 
44,365 
48,149 
47,959 
5,941 
6,467 
6,451 
Operating expenses 
25,011 
22,722 
22,642 
3,349 
3,052 
3,046 
Loan impairment charges 
(650) 
(873) 
(3) 
(87) 
(117) 
- 
Profit before tax, core 
20,004 
26,300 
25,320 
2,679 
3,533 
3,406 
Profit before tax, Non-core 
(282) 
(12) 
37 
(38) 
(2) 
5 
Profit before tax 
19,722 
26,288 
25,357 
2,641 
3,531 
3,411 
Tax* 
4,548 
5,388 
5,500 
609 
724 
740 
Net profit for the Year * 
15,174 
20,900 
19,858 
2,032 
2,807 
2,671 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Balance Sheet: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans  
1,769,438 
1,723,025 
1,689,155 
236,958 
231,431 
227,211 
Trading portfolio assets 
415,811 
449,292 
509,678 
55,684 
60,347 
68,558 
Assets in Non-core 
14,346 
4,886 
19,039 
1,921 
656 
2,561 
Other assets 
1,378,872 
1,362,325 
1,265,798 
184,655 
182,983 
170,265 
Total assets 
3,578,467 
3,539,528 
3,483,670 
479,218 
475, 417 
468,594 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Deposits 
894,495 
911,852 
859,435 
119,788 
122,477 
115,604 
Bonds issued by Realkredit Danmark 
741,092 
758,375 
726,732 
99,245 
101,862 
97,754 
Trading portfolio liabilities 
390,222 
400,596 
478,301 
52,257 
53,807 
64,337 
Liabilities in Non-core 
4,014 
3,094 
2,816 
538 
416 
379 
Other liabilities 
1,385,368 
1,297,356 
1,249,771 
185,525 
174,256 
168,109 
Total liabilities 
3,415,191 
3,371,273 
3,317,055 
457,353 
452,818 
446,183 
Additional tier 1 etc. 
14,300 
14,339 
14,343 
1,915 
1,926 
1,929 
Shareholders’ equity 
148,976 
153,916 
152,272 
19,950 
20,673 
20,482 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Earnings per share  
16.5 
22.2 
20.2 
2.2 
3.0 
2.7

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
 
Danske Bank Group 
2018 
2017 
2016 
2018 
2017 
2016 
Total capital ratio (%) 
21.3 
22.6 
21.8 
- 
- 
- 
Common equity tier 1 capital ratio (%) 
17.0 
17.6 
16.3 
- 
- 
- 
Exchange rate (DKK/EUR) (End of 
period) 
 
 
 
7.4673 
7.4451 
7.4343 
Source: Annual Report 2018, pg. 8 
* The Group has restated the comparative financial highlights as at and for the year ended 31 December 2018 in the 
Group’s Interim Financial Statements, Interim report – first nine months of 2019. The above tables reflect the restated 
figures for the year ended 31 December 2018. 
Other assets include Due from credit institutions and central banks, Repo loans, Investment securities and Assets under 
insurance contracts. Other liabilities include Due to credit institutions and central banks, Repo deposits, Other issued 
bonds, Liabilities under insurance contracts and Subordinated debt. 
Business Units 
The Group consists of five business units, a Non-core unit and Other Activities: Banking DK, Banking Nordic, 
Corporates & Institutions, Wealth Management and Northern Ireland.  
The following table sets forth certain information regarding the business units of the Group: 
 
(DKK million) 
Business Segments  
Q3 2019 
Banking 
DK 
Banking 
Nordic 
C&I 
Wealth 
Manage
ment 
Northern 
Ireland 
Other 
Activities(1) 
Non-
core 
Total income 
9,824 
7,508 
6,275 
7,366 
1,530 
325 
- 
Operating expenses 
5,442 
4,181 
3,516 
3,813 
872 
1,382 
- 
Profit before loan impairment 
charges 
4,382 
3,327 
2,759 
3,553 
658 
(1,057) 
- 
Loan impairment charges 
(61) 
(2) 
889 
(20) 
11 
(4) 
- 
Profit before tax, core 
4,444 
3,329 
1,870 
3,573 
648 
(1,053) 
- 
Profit before tax, Non-core 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(248) 
Cost/income ratio (%) 
55.4 
55.7 
56.0 
51.8 
57.0 
425.2 
- 
Full-time-equivalent staff (end 
of period) 
3,574 
2,536 
1,704 
2,218 
1,323 
10,319 
284 
Loans, 
excluding 
reverse 
transactions (end of period) 
874,397 
604,984 
207,601 
81,919 
51,900 
29,665 
- 
Deposits, 
excluding 
repo 
deposits (end of period) 
296,909 
237,634 
261,607 
71,920 
66,944 
2,279 
- 
Source: Interim report – first nine months 2019, pg. 43. 
(1)  “Other Activities” includes Group Treasury and Group support functions. In the reporting of the business unit 
“Other Activities,” the income statement includes the effects of the eliminations. 
Organisational structure 
Changes to the Group’s Organisation 
 
 On 5 September 2019, the Issuer announced adjustments to its organisation. Group Development, part of 
Other Activities, was dissolved and most of its activities were transferred to the banking units. The Private Banking 
activities, which have been part of Wealth Management were transferred to the business units. The new business 
segments will be reflected in the Group’s internal and external financial reporting from the fourth quarter of 2019.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
 
Strategy 
 
The Group’s strategy is called “Nordic Integrator”. Integration will be key to realising the Group’s vision of 
being recognised as the most trusted financial partner. With its strategy, the Issuer is working towards becoming a 
Nordic Integrator bank, taking an even more active role in making its customers financially confident and contributing 
to societal growth and stability. The Group wants to become integral to its customers’ lives, more closely integrated 
into the Nordic societies and more integrated internally across its organisation. 
Banking DK 
Banking DK serves retail and commercial customers in Denmark. The unit offers retail customers’ advice 
tailored to their financial needs and is a leading provider of daily banking, home financing, investment and retirement 
planning solutions. For commercial customers, the unit provides targeted advice and solutions based on the size and 
situation of the customers’ business. Services include strategic advice on, for instance, international expansion, and 
acquisitions. The unit offers digital solutions to facilitate daily operations, including cross-border transfers and cash 
management. As at 31 December 2018, the Banking DK business unit had 3,341 full-time equivalent employees. 
Banking Nordic 
 
Banking Nordic serves retail and commercial customers in Sweden, Norway and Finland, providing customer 
offerings similar to those of Banking DK. In addition, the unit encompasses the Group’s global asset finance activities, 
such as lease activities. As at 31 December 2018, the Banking Nordic business unit had 2,442 full-time equivalent 
employees.  
Corporates & Institutions 
C&I is the wholesale banking division of the Group. It serves all of the Group’s corporate and institutional 
customers by offering expertise within financing, general banking, investment services and corporate finance advisory 
services. In addition, the unit operates globally, supported by global product areas and local customer coverage, and 
acts as a bridge to the world for Nordic customers as well as a gateway into the Nordics for international customers. 
The unit bridges the financial needs of the institutional and corporate sectors, connecting issuers and investors. The unit 
is organised in four areas: a customer unit, named General Banking, and three product areas: Capital Markets, Fixed 
Income & Currencies (FI&C) and Transaction Banking & Investor Services. As at 31 December 2018, the C&I 
business unit had 1,858 full-time equivalent employees. 
Wealth Management 
Wealth Management serves private individuals, companies and institutional investors in the markets in which 
the Group operates. The unit offers a broad range of products and services within wealth and asset management, 
investments, pension savings and insurance. The unit encompasses expertise from Danica Pension, Danske Invest, 
Asset Management and Private Banking. As at 31 December 2018, the Wealth Management business unit had 2,201 
full-time equivalent employees, and the assets managed by Wealth Management amounted to DKK 1,575 billion. 
Northern Ireland 
Northern Ireland serves retail and commercial customers through a network of branches and business centres 
in Northern Ireland alongside digital channels. As at 31 December 2018, the Northern Ireland business unit had 1,322 
full-time equivalent employees. 
Non-core 
Non-core includes certain customer segments that are no longer considered part of the core business. The Non-
core business unit is responsible for the controlled winding-up of this part of the loan portfolio. The portfolio consists

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
 
primarily of loans to retail and commercial customers in the Baltics and liquidity facilities for special purpose vehicles 
and conduit structures. 
Other Activities 
Other Activities consists of the following Group resource and service functions: Group Risk Management 
(including Group Legal); the CFO area (including Group Treasury); the COO area (including IT and Services); Group 
HR; Group Compliance and Group Communications & Relations. These service areas support the main business units, 
performing tasks that span various customer groups and markets.  
Funding structure 
The Group continues to ensure that it has a prudent ratio between lending and long-term funding. In addition, 
the Group has comprehensive and well-established funding programmes, including covered bonds. Covered bonds help 
diversify the Group’s funding across investors and maturities. 
 
Group funding sources (by type) (Year-end) 
 
 
(%) 
2018 
2017 
Central banks, Credit institutions and repo transactions 
22 
19 
Short-term bonds 
2 
5 
Long-term bonds 
6 
7 
Total covered bonds 
12 
11 
Deposits 
49 
49 
Subordinated debt 
1 
1 
Shareholders’ equity 
8 
8 
Total  
100 
100 
Source: Annual Report 2018, pg. 200. 
The Group has two channels through which it grants mortgage loans: (i) Realkredit Danmark A/S; and (ii) the 
Issuer itself including bank and mortgage bank subsidiaries. 
The mortgage loans on the Realkredit Danmark A/S platform are funded through the issuance of mortgage 
bonds according to the Danish Mortgage-Credit Loans and Mortgage-Credit Bonds, etc. Act and executive orders 
issued by the DFSA.  
Shareholders’ equity 
The Issuer’s shareholders’ equity was DKK 149.0 billion (EUR 20.0 billion) as at the end of 2018 against total 
equity at 1 January 2018 DKK 153.9 billion (EUR 20.7 billion)2.  
At year-end 2018, the Issuer’s authorised and issued share capital totalled DKK 8,959,536,210 (EUR 1.2 
billion) based on 895,953,621 shares of DKK 10 (EUR 1.339) each. The Issuer’s shares are listed on the Nasdaq 
Copenhagen A/S.  
                                                     
2  
FX rate at 1 January 2018 = 7.4451 DKK per EUR.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
 
In February 2018, the Issuer announced that the Board of Directors had approved a share buy-back programme 
for DKK 10 billion (EUR 1.34 billion)3, with a maximum of 85 million shares. The programme was to be conducted 
from 5 February 2018 until 1 February 2019 at the latest. The Issuer announced that the Board of Directors intended to 
propose to the Annual General Meeting in 2019 that the shares purchased under the current share buy-back programme 
should be cancelled. However, on 4 October 2018 the Issuer announced that the Board of Directors had decided to 
discontinue the share buy-back programme. The last trade date under the programme was 3 October 2018, at which date 
the total number of shares repurchased was 33,769,000 for a total amount of approximately DKK 6.9 billion (EUR 0.93 
billion) 4. 
At year-end 2018, the Issuer had approximately 270,000 shareholders. According to the Danish Companies 
Act, shareholders must notify a company if their shareholding exceeds 5 per cent. of the company’s share capital or if 
any change occurs in a previously notified shareholding to the effect that the 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 50, 90 or 100 per cent. 
thresholds and the thresholds of one-third or two-thirds of the voting rights or the share capital are reached or no longer 
reached.  
As of year-end 2018, two shareholder groups had notified the Issuer of holding 5 per cent. or more of the 
Issuer’s share capital and voting rights:  
 
A.P. Møller-Holding Group held a total (directly and indirectly) of more than 20.0 per cent. of the 
shares and the voting rights of the Issuer; and 
 
BlackRock Inc. held a total (indirectly via shares and other financial instruments with similar 
economic effect) of more than 5.0 per cent. of the shares and the voting rights of the Issuer.  
In May 2019, BlackRock Inc. announced that it held (indirectly via shares and other financial instruments with 
similar economic effect) under 5.0 per cent. of the shares and the voting rights of the Issuer. 
 
The Issuer estimates that as of 31 December 2018 almost 49 per cent. of its share capital is held by investors 
outside of Denmark. Most foreign investors are based in the United States and the United Kingdom. 
Capital and Solvency 
The Group’s capital base consists of tier 1 capital (common equity tier 1 capital and additional tier 1 capital 
instruments) and tier 2 capital. At 31 December 2018, the capital base of the Group amounted to DKK 160 billion 
(EUR 21.4 billion), the total capital ratio for the Group was 21.3 per cent., with a common equity tier 1 capital ratio of 
17.0 per cent. and a tier 1 capital ratio of 20.1 per cent. At 31 December 2018, the total capital ratio for the Issuer was 
24.7 per cent. with a CET1 ratio of 19.7 per cent. and a tier 1 capital ratio of 23.3 per cent. 
At the end of 2018, the Group’s REA amounted to DKK 748 billion (EUR 100.2 billion), against DKK 753 
billion (EUR 101.2 billion)5 at the end of 2017. Despite the implementation of a risk weight floor on Swedish 
residential mortgage exposures in the fourth quarter of 2018 (moved from Pillar II to Pillar I), the REA for credit risk 
decreased DKK 5 billion (EUR 0.7 billion) due to portfolio changes such as lower exposure and a depreciation of the 
Group’s main currencies. Lower market risk reduced the total REA by a further DKK 3 billion (EUR 0.4 billion). 
The following table below shows the total capital ratio, tier 1 capital ratio and common equity tier 1 capital 
ratio. The second table shows the risk exposure amounts, tier 2 capital instruments and additional tier 1 capital 
instruments. 
 
 
                                                     
3  
FX rate at 5 February 2018 = 7.4433 DKK per EUR. 
4  
FX rate at 3 October 2018 = 7.4567 DKK per EUR. 
5  
FX rate at 31 December 2017 = 7.4451 DKK per EUR.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
 
Danske Bank Group 
 
 
(%) 
31 Dec 2018 
31 Dec. 2017 
Total capital ratio ..................................................................................... 
21.3 
22.6 
Tier 1 capital ratio .................................................................................... 
20.1 
20.1 
Common equity tier 1 capital ratio, excluding hybrid core capital .......... 
17.0 
17.6 
Note: The ratios are calculated in accordance with the Danish Financial Business Act. 
Source: Annual Report 2018, pg. 76. 
Danske Bank Group 
(DKKm) 
(EURm) 
 
31 Dec 2018 
31 Dec. 
2017 
31 Dec. 
2018 
31 Dec. 
2017 
Risk exposure amount  .............
748,104 
753,409 
100,184 
101,195 
Additional tier 1 capital 
instruments ...............................
23,677 
18,574 
3,171 
2,495 
Tier 2 capital instruments .........
9,161 
19,343 
1,227 
2,598 
Exchange Rate (DKK/EUR) ....
 
 
 
7.4451 
Source: (DKK amounts) Annual Report 2018, pg. 76. 
On 3 May 2018, the DFSA ordered the Board of Directors and the Executive Board (since re-named to the 
Executive Leadership Team) to reassess the Issuer’s and the Group’s solvency need in order to ensure an adequate 
internal capital coverage of compliance and reputational risks as a result of weaknesses in the Group’s governance. The 
DFSA initially estimated that a Pillar 2 add-on should amount to at least DKK 5 billion (EUR 0.67 billion)6, or 
approximately 0.7 per cent. of the Group’s REA as at 31 December 2017. An add-on of DKK 5 billion would have 
increased the Group’s solvency need from 10.5 per cent. to 11.2 per cent. as at 31 March 2018. On 4 October 2018, the 
DFSA ordered the Group to reassess its solvency need with a view to adding an absolute minimum of DKK 10 billion 
(EUR 1.34 billion)7 to the Group’s Pillar 2 requirement (including the DKK 5 billion Pillar 2 add-on ordered in the 
DFSA decision dated 3 May 2018). At the end of December 2018, the Group’s solvency need was 11.8 per cent., an 
increase of 1.3 percentage points from the level at the end of 2017. As of 31 December 2018, the Group’s total capital 
ratio was 21.3 per cent. and the CET1 capital ratio was 17.0 per cent.  
Subordinated debt and additional tier 1 capital  
 
In 2018, the Group redeemed DKK 10,911 million (EUR 1,000 million8, GBP 350 million9 and NOK 700 
million10) and issued DKK 4,891 million in terms of a CRR-compliant convertible additional tier 1 capital of USD 750 
million11 (EUR 655 million) with discretionary interest payments. As the bonds mandatorily convert into a variable 
number of ordinary shares if a trigger event occurs, they are accounted for as liabilities.  
 
Subsequent to year-end 2018, the Group redeemed DKK 3,460 million (SEK 900 million12, SEK 1,600 
million13 and DKK 1,700 million) and issued DKK 5,597 million of subordinated capital (EUR 750 million14). 
                                                     
6  
FX rate at 3 May 2018 = 7.4497 DKK per EUR. 
7  
FX rate at 4 October 2018 = 7.4567 DKK per EUR. 
8  
FX rate at 4 October 2018 = 7.4567 DKK per EUR. 
9  
FX rate at 1 October 2018 = 8.3699 DKK per GBP. 
10  
FX rate at 6 December 2018 = 0.7692 DKK per NOK. 
11  
FX rate at 31 December 2018 = 6.5213 DKK per USD. 
12  
FX rate at 6 April 2019 = 0.7038 DKK per SEK. 
13  
FX rate at 6 April 2019 = 0.7038 DKK per SEK. 
14  
FX rate at 22 March 2019 = 7.4623 DKK per EUR.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
 
Capital regulation 
The Issuer is following the phase-in of the CRR and the CRD IV Directive in accordance with Danish rules.  
The impact of IFRS 9 on regulatory capital is subject to a five-year phase-in period from 1 January 2018, 
whereby an institution is allowed to include in its CET1 capital a portion of the increased expected credit loss 
provisions for a transition period. The transition method applied for the Group is based on a so-called dynamic 
approach taking into account both the initial impact and the evolution of the new expected credit loss provisions during 
the transition period. At the end of 2018, the Issuer estimated that the remaining effect of the CRR and the CRD IV 
Directive on its fully-loaded CET1 capital ratio, including the impact from IFRS will be an additional reduction of 
approximately 0.2 percentage points. 
The DFSA has approved the Issuer’s continuing use of the financial conglomerate deduction method for 
holdings in Danica Pension. The deduction is based on Danica Pension’s solvency need rather than on its minimum 
capital requirement. The non-deductible part of the holdings will be risk-weighted at 100 per cent.   
Distributions of Dividends 
At the board meeting on 31 January 2019, the Issuer’s dividend policy was revisited, and going forward the 
payout ratio will continue to be 40-60 per cent. of net profits. The wide dividend policy range will allow flexibility in 
capital distributions, while still offering the Issuer the possibility of handling profitable growth as well as the effects of 
pending regulation.  
For 2018, a dividend of DKK 8.5 (EUR 1.138) per share is proposed and pending approval at the Annual 
General Meeting on 18 March 2019. The proposed dividend corresponds to 51 per cent. of the reported net profit for the 
year. The Group launched a share buy-back programme in February 2018. The Group received the DFSA’s approval to 
acquire own shares for a total value of DKK 10.0 billion (EUR 1.34 billion)15. According to the rules of CRR, the 
Group has to deduct the approved amount in the CET1 capital with the receipt of the DFSA’s approval. As a further 
prudency measure due to the current circumstances and in addition to the increased capital targets, the Board of 
Directors decided on 4 October 2018 to discontinue the 2018 share buy-back programme. The programme was due to 
end on 1 February 2019. By the date of discontinuation, the Issuer had bought back a total of 33.8 million shares for a 
gross value of DKK 6.9 billion (EUR 0.93 billion)16 (figures at trade date). The discontinuation added approximately 
0.4 percentage points to the Issuer’s CET1 capital ratio in the fourth quarter of 2018.  
Due to continued uncertainty regarding consequences of the Estonia case, no share buy-back programme has 
been initiated in 2019. 
Risk Management 
Introduction 
The Issuer’s Rules of Procedure for the Board of Directors of the Issuer and the Executive Leadership Team 
(the “Rules of Procedure”) specify the responsibilities of the two boards and the division of responsibilities between 
them. The Rules of Procedure and the two-tier management structure, which were developed in accordance with Danish 
law, regulations and relevant corporate governance recommendations are central to the organisation of risk management 
and the delegation of authorities throughout the Group. 
The Board of Directors appoints members to the Executive Leadership Team, the chief audit executive 
(“CAE”) and the secretary to the Board of Directors. In accordance with the rules of procedure, the Board of Directors 
approves the Group’s overall business model, risk profile, strategy, policies, risk appetite and instructions with 
                                                     
15  
FX rate at 5 February 2018 = 7.4433 DKK per EUR. 
16  
FX rate at 3 October 2018 = 7.4567 DKK per EUR.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
 
mandates to the Executive Leadership Team. In addition, the Board of Directors receives regular reports, monitors the 
main risks and reviews the largest credit exposures.  
The Executive Leadership Team is responsible for the Group’s day-to-day management as stated in the rules 
of procedure. It supervises the Group’s risk management practices, approves credit applications up to a defined limit 
and ensures that bookkeeping and asset management are sound and in accordance with the Group’s business model, 
strategy, policies and instructions established by the Board of Directors and in compliance with applicable legislation. 
The Executive Leadership Team consists of the chief executive officer, the heads of the four main business units and 
the heads of CFO area, Group Compliance and Group Risk Management. 
Responsibility for the day-to-day management of risks in the Group is divided between the CFO area, Group 
Risk Management, the business units and the operations and service organisations.  
The Group has established a segregation of duties between units that enter into business transactions with 
customers or otherwise expose the Group to risk on the one hand, and units in charge of overall risk management on the 
other. 
The Group’s risk management practices are organised according to the three-line-of-defence model. The three 
lines of defence segregate duties between (i) units that enter into business transactions with customers or otherwise 
expose the Group to risk (risk ownership), (ii) units in charge of risk oversight and control (risk oversight), and (iii) 
Group Internal Audit (risk assurance). 
The first line of defence owns and manages the business activities and related risks. The first line of defence 
consists of the business units, including first-line-of-defence risk management entities, and the heads of Group HR, 
COO area and CFO area. These units are responsible for identifying, managing, mitigating and controlling risks, and 
their responsibilities extend across national borders. The mandate of the business units is governed by risk policies, 
instructions and limits. 
The second line of defence is responsible for setting the standards, policies and methods under which the first 
line of defence operates with respect to risk management. The second line of defence supports and challenges the first 
line of defence and operates independently of the first line of defence. The second line provides risk oversight and 
consists of Group Risk Management and Group Compliance. 
The third line of defence is represented by Group Internal Audit. Group Internal Audit is an independent and 
objective unit evaluating and improving the effectiveness of risk management, control and governance processes in 
relation to the control environments of the first and second lines of defence. 
Group Risk Management 
The head of Group Risk Management has the title of chief risk offer (the “CRO”), is a member of the 
Executive Leadership Team, and in cooperation with and under the responsibility of the chief executive officer (the 
“CEO”) of the Issuer, the CRO reports to the Board of Directors. 
Group Risk Management is responsible for setting the standards, policies and methods under which the first 
line of defence operates with respect to risk management. The second line of defence supports and challenges the first 
line of defence and operates independently of the first line of defence. 
Group Risk Management serves as the secretariat of the Group Credit Committee, the Impairment Committee 
and the Group All Risk Committee and the following two sub-committees to the Group All Risk Committee: the Model 
Risk Management Committee and the Operational Risk Committee. Senior risk managers are also members of the 
Group Asset & Liability Committee, the Business Integrity Committee, the Valuation Committee, the Conduct and 
Reputational Committee and the Business Unit All Risk Committees (All Risk Banking Denmark, All Risk Banking 
Nordic, All Risk C&I and All Risk Wealth Management).

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
 
Group Risk Management is organised into units with individual risk type responsibility and with business unit 
CROs covering all risk types within their individual business areas. The following units are part of Group Risk 
Management: Banking Denmark Risk Management, Retail Credit Risk, Wholesale Credit Risk, Group Non-financial 
Risk, Risk Analytics, Market & Liquidity Risk and COO Risk Functions. In addition, country CROs in Norway, 
Sweden, Finland and Northern Ireland are responsible for all risk types in their respective countries. 
Banking Denmark Risk Management covers and manages all risk types within the Danish market on behalf of 
Group Risk Management and support clear roles and responsibilities between the first and second lines of defence, 
allowing for a consistent approach across the three lines of defence. The responsibilities of the unit include overseeing 
the risk profile, monitoring and maintaining the risk appetite, risk assessment and credit granting. The Banking 
Denmark CRO reports directly to the Group’s CRO. 
Retail Credit Risk and Wholesale Credit Risk are responsible for managing retail and wholesale credit risks, 
respectively. They delegate credit risk mandates and oversee day-to-day credit risk management in the first line of 
defence in their respective areas. This also includes reviewing the approval and follow-up processes for the lending 
books of the business units. Both business unit heads have a ‘double-hatted’ role, by being Banking Nordic CRO and 
C&I CRO, respectively, and being responsible for all risk types within the Banking Nordic and C&I markets on behalf 
of Group Risk Management. Among other things, their responsibilities include overseeing the risk profile, monitoring 
and maintaining the risk appetite, risk assessment and credit granting. The Banking Nordic CRO and C&I CRO report 
directly to the Group’s CRO. 
Group Non-Financial Risk is responsible for the independent oversight of all non-financial risks and conduct 
stress testing in order to provide input to regulatory reports and industry-wide stress tests. The department is also 
responsible for the implementation and maintenance of the Group-wide framework to manage operational risk. 
Risk Analytics develops and maintains credit rating methodologies and models. The team ensures that the 
methodologies and models are fit for day-to-day credit processing at the business units and that statutory requirements 
are met. Because of the Group’s extensive use of models, model risks are closely monitored and managed. An 
independent unit is responsible for validating credit and market risk parameters. 
COO Risk Functions is responsible for the development and maintenance of the Enterprise Risk Management 
framework, the Group’s risk appetite framework, stress testing engine and portfolio management. The department 
facilitates the quarterly processes of calculating and consolidating impairment charges against credit exposures and 
monitors and reports on the Group’s consolidated credit portfolio, with sector- and country-specific views and risk 
appetites. The department’s risk quality assurance team ensures that policies and procedures are properly implemented 
by the first line of defence. Finally, the department maintains the Group’s recovery plan and is responsible for risk 
governance. 
Market Risk and Liquidity Risk Management monitor and report on the Group’s market risk and is responsible 
for independently reviewing and challenging the methodologies and metrics applied in day-to-day liquidity 
management. The head of Market and Liquidity Risk Management is also the Wealth Management CRO and is 
responsible for managing risks in the Wealth Management business unit and reports directly to the Group’s CRO. 
Group Legal provides legal support to the Group’s Business Units and Group Functions and monitors handling 
and mitigation of Legal risks. Group Legal is headed by the Group General Counsel. The majority of legal staff 
functions of the Group are part of Group Legal. 
CFO area 
The CFO area is headed by the Group’s Chief Financial Officer (the “CFO”), who is a member of the 
Executive Leadership Team. The CFO area oversees the Group’s financial reporting, budgeting and strategic business 
analysis, including the tools used by the business units for performance follow-up.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
 
The CFO area is also in charge of the Group’s investor relations; relations with international rating agencies; 
capital management and treasury.  
Group Treasury is responsible for executing the capital and funding plan, managing the Group’s liquidity plan 
and monitoring its liquidity needs. Group Treasury also ensures that the Group’s structural liquidity profile is within the 
defined limits and that the targets set by the Board of Directors and the All Risk Committee as well as regulatory and 
prudential requirements are met. Furthermore, Group Treasury is responsible for asset and liability management, private 
equity activities and long-term funding activities.  
Group Capital, which is part of Group Treasury, is responsible for the overall management of the Group’s 
capital position, and tasks include calculating the total risk of REA, performing the Group’s internal capital adequacy 
assessment process (“ICAAP”) and allocating capital to the business units. In addition, Group Capital is responsible for 
the Group’s forward-looking views in terms of capital, including the implementation of new regulation, planned 
issuances of capital instruments, the Group’s payout policy and stress testing for ICAAP and regulatory purposes. 
Group Compliance 
Danske Bank’s chief compliance officer (“CCO”) is a member of the Executive Leadership Team, and in 
cooperation with and under responsibility of the CEO, the CCO reports to the Board of Directors. Group Compliance is 
responsible for identifying, assessing, monitoring and reporting on whether the Group complies with applicable laws, 
regulations and internal requirements. The head of Group Compliance reports to the CEO. 
COO area 
The COO area is headed by the Group’s Chief Operating Officer (the “COO”).  Danske Bank has initiated a 
recruitment process to find a new COO. Until that process is completed, the CEO will head the COO area. The COO 
area is responsible for the Group’s operations and Group IT. Group IT is headed by the Group’s Chief Technology 
Officer (the “CTO”). 
The Group’s CISO reports functionally to the CTO, with a secondary reporting line to the CRO. The CISO 
heads Group IT Security & Risk within Group IT. Group IT Security & Risk performs control monitoring and ensures 
compliance with the Security Policy as a second line of defence function. 
Business Units 
Each of the Banking Denmark, Banking Nordic, Corporate & Institutions and Wealth Management business 
units is headed by a member of the Executive Leadership Team. Northern Ireland is the fifth business unit and a 
separate legal entity with its own executive board and separate board of directors. 
The mandate of the business units to originate credit applications, take deposits and undertake investments for 
the Group is regulated by risk policies, instructions and limits. The Group strives to cultivate a corporate culture that 
supports and enforces the organisation’s objective of assuming selected risks in accordance with the defined guidelines. 
The heads of the business units and the heads of the operations and service functions are responsible for all 
business-related risks, and their responsibilities extend across national borders. Lending authorities are cascaded down 
from the Board of Directors, through the Executive Leadership Team to Group Risk Management, to lending officers at 
the business units. Authorities are delegated to qualified and experienced staff at levels appropriate to such tasks and 
relevant to the risk profile and nature of the exposures considered by those officers. Credit applications exceeding the 
delegated lending authorities are submitted to the Group Credit Committee and to the Board of Directors.  
Procedures for new product approvals are based on a directive provided by the Executive Leadership Team to 
the heads of the business units. Materiality criteria determine whether the approval of new products is presented to the

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
 
Group’s chief risk officer. In cases of a reputational or material financial nature, both the Executive Leadership Team 
and the Board of Directors are involved in the approval process. 
The business unit CROs in Banking Denmark, Banking Nordic, C&I and Wealth Management are part of the 
second line of defence within Group Risk Management. They are responsible and accountable for managing all risk 
types in the respective business units on behalf of Group Risk Management. They are responsible for, among other 
things, overseeing the risk profile, monitor and maintain the risk appetite and coordinate all risk types. The functional 
risk heads will continue to have control, oversight and ownership of their respective risk types. 
The country CROs in Norway, Sweden and Finland have the responsibility for all risk management in their 
respective countries and are member of the country management teams and report to the CRO of Banking Nordic. In 
cooperation with country managers, the country chief risk officers are responsible for ensuring compliance with local 
rules and regulations. Local risk committees are established where relevant. 
Crisis Management 
The Group is a significant player in the Nordic financial markets and provides a number of critical functions 
upon which the financial systems in its core markets rely. The Group recognises the importance of having plans and 
procedures in place to ensure that it is viable in the long term and that the critical services are available. 
The Group’s operational crisis management is supported by business continuity plans. They describe measures 
to restore the Group’s operational capabilities and to allow the Group to recover from material operational risk events. 
The Group has prepared a liquidity contingency plan as well as a recovery plan and they serve as tools to be 
used in situations of financial stress. The plans include an indicator framework that supports the Group’s ability to 
identify and understand potential threats to its financial viability in due time. The framework describes governance 
processes and the catalogue of available actions to be implemented to restore the Group’s long-term viability. 
The Group recovery plan is evaluated by the DFSA and the foreign supervisory authorities on an annual basis. 
Legal and Regulatory Proceedings 
Owing to its business volume, the Group is continually a party to various lawsuits and disputes and has an on-
going dialogue with public authorities such as the DFSA. In particular, the investigations and events that took place 
in the Estonian branch are being discussed with the DFSA, the Danish State Prosecutor for Serious Economic and 
International Crime (“SØIK”) and other public authorities such as the Estonian Financial Supervisory Authority 
(“Estonian FSA”) the U.S. Department of Justice (the “DOJ”) and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission 
(the “SEC”).  
Danish FSA: The DFSA has assessed the role of the Group’s management and senior employees in the matter 
relating to the now terminated non-resident portfolio (as defined in the Report) at the Group’s branch in Estonia. The 
assessment related to whether rules relating to management and controls, and other Danish rules, had been complied 
with and the DFSA stated that serious weaknesses in the Group’s governance had been uncovered in a number of areas, 
and the DFSA criticised the Group’s governance, internal controls and responses. In its decision document dated 3 May 
2018, the DFSA imposed on the Issuer eight orders and eight reprimands. Among other things, the DFSA ordered the 
Board of Directors and the Executive Board (since re-named to the Executive Leadership Team) to reassess the Issuer’s 
and the Group’s solvency need in order to ensure an adequate internal capital coverage of compliance and reputational 
risks, as a result of weaknesses in the Group’s governance. The DFSA initially estimated that a Pillar 2 add-on should 
amount to at least DKK 5 billion, or approximately 0.7 per cent. of the Group’s REA as at 31 December 2017. At the 
end of September 2018, the Group’s solvency need was 12.1 per cent., an increase of 1.6 percentage points from the 
level at the end of 2017. As of 30 September 2018, the Group’s total capital ratio was 20.9 per cent. and the CET1 
capital ratio was 16.4 per cent.

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
 
The Group has taken note of the DFSA orders and reprimands. In addition to the initiatives already taken in 
recent years, the Group has launched further measures to ensure that it complies with all orders. The DFSA did not 
assess compliance with rules on measures to prevent money laundering as, pursuant to European Union regulation, the 
Estonian FSA supervises compliance by branches in Estonia with such rules. Furthermore, the DFSA noted in its 
decision document dated 3 May 2018 that the Group’s ongoing investigations into the conditions at the Estonian branch 
could lead to new assessments and supervisory actions by the DFSA. 
On 4 October 2018, the DFSA issued a follow-up on its decision in the Estonia case of 3 May 2018. As 
regards the DFSA order on reassessment of the solvency need, the DFSA considered that, at 30 June 2018, the Issuer 
complied with the order to increase its solvency need by a Pillar 2 add-on of DKK 5 billion. However, considering the 
developments since 30 June 2018, including the publication of the Report, which had caused the DFSA to reopen its 
investigations, the DFSA assessed the Issuer’s compliance and reputational risks to be higher than previously estimated 
following the DFSA’s decision of 3 May 2018. Consequently, the DFSA ordered the Issuer to reassess the Issuer’s and 
the Group’s solvency need in order to ensure an adequate capital coverage of the increased compliance and reputational 
risks. The DFSA required an absolute minimum of DKK 10 billion be added to the Group’s Pillar 2 requirement (which 
included the DKK 5 billion Pillar 2 add-on which had been required pursuant to the DFSA’s 3 May 2018 decision). In 
addition to revising its capital targets following the DFSA decisions, the Issuer decided to discontinue the share buy-
backs under the share buy-back programme for 2018 in order to gain further flexibility within its new capital targets. 
On 4 October 2018, the DFSA further found that the Issuer had not fully complied with one order of its 3 May 
2018 decision, as the Issuer’s response to the DFSA did not comprise initiatives to address the DFSA’s concerns 
relating to ensuring satisfactory documentation of the decision-making basis, discussions at meetings and decisions 
made. The Issuer must therefore introduce initiatives with a view to generally strengthening its governance in relation 
to decision-making processes, including governance at levels below the Board of Directors and the Executive Board 
(since re-named to the Executive Leadership Team). In relation to the remaining orders of the decision of 3 May 2018, 
the DFSA found that the Issuer either had complied with the orders by the end of June 2018 or had initiated suitable 
initiatives to ensure compliance.   
SØIK: On 6 August 2018, SØIK announced that it had opened an investigation into the Issuer concerning 
transactions passing through the Issuer’s Estonian branch to examine whether there are grounds for a criminal case 
against the Issuer for breach of the Act on Measures to Prevent Money Laundering and Financing of Terrorism (the 
“Danish AML Act”). On 28 November 2018 the Issuer was preliminarily charged by SØIK with violating the Danish 
AML Act on four counts all relating to the Issuer’s Estonian branch in the period from 1 February 2007 to the end of 
January 2016. Among other things, SØIK alleges that the Issuer’s Estonian branch did not have sufficient procedures, 
controls and risk management systems to effectively prevent, mitigate and manage the risk of money laundering and 
financing of terrorism, or sufficient know your customer procedures, and the monitoring of transactions and reporting 
of suspicious transactions to the authorities was inadequate. The preliminary charge is the result of an investigation 
initiated by SØIK in August 2018. The Issuer is cooperating with the authorities.  
Estonian Office of the Prosecutor General: In 2018, the Estonian Office of the Prosecutor General opened a 
criminal investigation into former employees of the Estonian branch.  
In addition, in relation to matters relating to the Issuer’s Estonian branch, the Issuer is reporting to, responding 
to inquiries from and cooperating with, various authorities (including the U.S. Department of Justice and the U.S. 
Securities and Exchange Commission). 
New York: On 9 January 2019, a class action lawsuit was filed in New York against the Issuer. The claim is 
being pursued by four retirement funds purportedly on behalf of purchasers of the Issuer’s American Depositary 
Receipts (“ADRs”) between 9 January 2014 and 29 April 2019, who claim damages for economic loss in relation to 
investments in the Issuer’s ADRs. The amount of the claim has not yet been calculated.

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
 
Tribunal de Grande Instance de Paris: On 7 February 2019, the Issuer was placed under formal investigation 
(“mise en examen”) by an investigating judge at the Tribunal de Grande Instance de Paris in connection with an 
investigation into suspicion of money laundering related to certain transactions in the terminated portfolio of non-
resident customers of the Issuer’s branch in Estonia in the period from 2007 to 2014. The investigation covers 
transactions amounting to around EUR 21.6 million. The Issuer has been ordered to post bail in the amount of EUR 
10.8 million. The Issuer was first placed under formal investigation in France on 11 October 2017. On 25 January 2018, 
the Issuer’s status in the investigation was changed to that of an assisted witness (“témoin assisté”). Since then, the 
Issuer has published the Report, which has now been included in the investigation in France.  
The terminated portfolio of non-resident customers is described in more detail in the Report. Whilst the Report 
showed shortcomings and failures, including late and inadequate handling of the issues arising from the Estonia matter, 
the investigation into the terminated portfolio of non-resident customers has made no findings which enable it to 
conclude whether money laundering, tax evasion or other criminal activity has actually taken place. 
The timing of the completion of the on-going investigations into the AML matters at the Estonian branch, the 
outcome and the subsequent discussions with the authorities regarding such matters are subject to uncertainty. It is not 
yet possible to reliably estimate the timing or amount of any potential settlement or fines, if any, which could be 
material.  
The Issuer does not wish to benefit financially from suspicious transactions in Estonia in the period from 2007 
to 2015. Accordingly, the estimated gross income from the non-resident portfolio in Estonia in the period from 2007 to 
2015 of DKK 1.5 billion has been set aside net of confiscation as a donation for measures to combat financial crime. 
The donation will be transferred to an independent foundation, which will be set up to support initiatives aimed at 
combating international financial crime, including money laundering. The foundation will be set up independently from 
the Issuer, with an independent board. 
Copenhagen City Court: On 3 March 2019, a court case was initiated against the Issuer for approval of a class 
action lawsuit led by a newly formed association with the aim of representing former and current shareholders in a 
liability action relating to the Estonian AML matter. On 14 March 2019, 169 separate cases were further initiated 
simultaneously concerning shareholder claims relating to the Estonian AML matter with claims totalling approximately 
DKK 3.5 billion. In October 2019, the claimants’ Danish counsel filed an additional 64 claims against the Issuer 
increasing the total value of the claims by approximately DKK 2.5 billion (bringing the total to approximately DKK 6 
billion). These court actions relate to alleged violations in the Issuer’s Estonian branch of the rules on prevention of 
money laundering and alleged failure to timely inform the market of such violations. The Issuer intends to defend itself 
against these claims. The timing of completion of any such lawsuits (pending or threatening) and their outcome are 
uncertain.  
Recent reports in the media have pointed to potential further legal actions being raised against the Issuer in 
connection with the Estonian case, and the Issuer had received claims for compensation threatening litigation. The 
timing of completion of any such lawsuits (pending or threatening) and their outcome are uncertain. The Issuer intends 
to defend itself against these claims. Further similar claims may be filed. 
As stated in the Issuer’s press release of 24 June 2019, the Issuer found, in the autumn of 2018, that customers 
who invested in Flexinvest Fri during a certain period had paid fees that were too high. This was a result of a number of 
management decisions to change Flexinvest Fri fees in connection with the implementation of MiFID II in 2017. At the 
time, interest rates were low, and the expected returns were similarly low. The management decisions caused the fees to 
be set at too high a level in relation to the expected returns which made Flexinvest Fri unsuitable for some customers. 
Upon discovery of the Flexinvest Fri matter, the Issuer notified the DFSA and instructed external counsel to 
conduct a thorough review. The DFSA issued a decision on 30 August 2019 which contained a number of orders. The 
Issuer has taken note of the orders and will take and continue to take the steps necessary to ensure compliance with 
regulatory requirements. The DFSA has also filed a criminal complaint against the Issuer. The Issuer is cooperating

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
 
fully with the authorities. As also stated in a press release of the Issuer dated 30 August 2019, all affected customers are 
expected to have received compensation before the end of 2019.  
The Issuer has an on-going dialogue with the DFSA and expects capital requirements to be subject to change 
going forward. This is a result of general product governance risk following the Flexinvest Fri investigation and 
inspection of the Issuer’s IT governance structure. The Issuer anticipates an additional Pillar II add-on in the mid-single 
digit billion (DKK) range.  
The Issuer does not comment on the risk of fines being imposed or the amount of such fines, if any. The Issuer 
will update the financial market via the usual channels (i.e. company announcement or on www.danskebank.com), 
when and if required.  
 
Moreover, the Issuer has an ongoing dialogue with different authorities and is cooperating with these 
authorities. The Issuer does not in general comment on its dialogue with authorities. The Issuer has no basis for 
providing any indication on when the investigations by authorities are expected to be completed.  
New Capital and Liquidity Regulations 
New regulations for the financial sector have been implemented in the European Union and beyond. The 
Group has implemented the new regulations from 1 January 2014, subject to transitional provisions. 
European implementation of the Basel III Framework 
The final versions of the CRR and the CRD IV Directive (in each case as defined above) were adopted in June 
2013. The framework implemented among other things Basel III in the European Union.  
Under the CRR, institutions are required to hold a minimum amount of regulatory capital equal to 8 per cent. 
of REA (of which at least 4.5 per cent. must be Common Equity Tier 1 capital, and at least 6 per cent. must be Tier 1 
capital). In addition to these so-called minimum own funds Pillar 1 requirements, the CRD IV Directive (including, but 
not limited to, Article 104(i)(a)128) contemplates that competent authorities may require additional Pillar 2 capital to be 
maintained by an institution relating to elements of risks which are not fully captured by the minimum own funds Pillar 
1 requirements or to address macro-prudential requirements. 
 
CRD IV introduced a combined buffer that applies in addition to the Pillar 1 and Pillar 2 capital requirement 
and will be phased in from 2015 to 2019. For the Issuer, the combined buffer consists of a countercyclical buffer, a 
capital conservation buffer and a SIFI buffer.   
 
The capital conservation buffer and the countercyclical capital buffer are designed to ensure that credit 
institutions accumulate a sufficient capital base during periods of economic growth to absorb losses during periods of 
stress. The capital conservation buffer is being gradually phased in to a final level of 2.5 per cent. in 2019. The 
countercyclical buffer requirement is calculated as a weighted average of the national buffers in effect in the 
jurisdictions in which a bank has credit exposures.  
Since June 2014, the DFSA has designated the Issuer as a SIFI in Denmark. Consequently, the Issuer is subject 
to stricter capital requirements than non-SIFI banks. The fully phased-in SIFI buffer requirement in 2019 for the Issuer 
will be 3 per cent.. The intention is for the capital requirements imposed on Danish SIFIs to be on a par with the 
requirements set in other comparable European countries.  
 Under Article 141 of the CRD IV Directive, Member States must require that institutions that fail to meet the 
combined buffer requirement will be subject to restrictions on “discretionary payments” (which are defined broadly by 
the CRD IV Directive as distributions in connection with Common Equity Tier 1 capital, payments on Additional Tier 1 
instruments and payments of variable remuneration). The restrictions will be scaled according to the extent of the 
breach of the combined buffer requirement.

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
 
According to the current implementation of the CRD IV Directive in Denmark, the combined buffer 
requirement is stacked on top of the Pillar 2 capital requirements. If the combined buffer requirement is breached, the 
institution has to submit a capital conservation plan for approval by the DFSA. However, for the purpose of 
determining automatic restrictions on discretionary payments (i.e. the MDA), Pillar 2 capital requirements should not 
be taken into account. Nonetheless, the DFSA may choose to impose restrictions on discretionary payments on the basis 
of the submitted capital conservation plan. There can be no assurance as to the relationship between any of the 
aforementioned or future incremental own funds requirements, any combined buffer requirement and the associated 
restrictions on discretionary payments. According to the CRD V Directive, the Pillar 2 capital requirements should be 
taken into account when the combined buffer requirement is breached and the MDA is determined. Furthermore, 
according to the adopted EU Banking Reform, the combined buffer is also stacked on top of the MREL requirement. 
Consequently, MREL also needs to be taken into account in the calculation of the MDA, subject to a nine-month grace 
period in case of inability to issue eligible debt, during which restrictions relating to MDA would not be triggered, but 
authorities would be able to take other appropriate measures. The adopted changes to the CRR include changes to the 
Pillar 2 framework introducing the concept of Pillar 2 requirement (P2R) and Pillar 2 Guidance (P2G). When 
implemented into European Union law the above-mentioned Danish approach on the interplay between MDA and the 
Pillar 2 capital requirement cannot be continued.    
In addition, the adopted changes to the CRR include a minimum leverage ratio requirement for credit 
institutions of 3 per cent. The leverage ratio is defined as credit institutions’ tier 1 capital as a percentage of their total 
exposure measure. According to the amended CRR, the Issuer had a leverage ratio of 4.6 per cent. at the end of 
December 2018.  
The adopted EU Banking Reform includes changes to the CRR and the CRD IV Directive. The adopted EU 
Banking Reform includes, inter alia, changes to the counterparty credit risk framework, introduction of a leverage ratio 
requirement and an NSFR requirement, revisions to the Pillar 2 framework, transition of IFRS 9 and its impact on 
capital ratios and revisions to the framework concerning IRRBB. The Group does not expect that the adopted changes 
will have any significant effect on its overall capital requirements. The Group estimates that the transition impact of 
IFRS 9 on the CET1 capital ratio will be a reduction of 0.2 percentage points as of end 2018 when fully phased-in end 
of 2022. 
The above-mentioned adoption of the EU Banking Reform includes a stable funding requirement, “The Net 
Stable Funding Ratio” (“NSFR”). The NSFR is a structural stable funding ratio requirement is intended to ensure a 
sound funding structure by promoting an increase in long-dated funding. The NSFR stipulates that at all times banks 
must have stable funding at least equal to the amount of their illiquid assets for one year ahead. The NSFR requirement 
will apply from the general application date of Regulation (EU) 2019/876 (“CRR II”) in June 2021.  
As of 1 January 2018 all European Union credit institutions must have an LCR of at least 100 per cent. With 
an LCR of 121 per cent. at the end of 2018, the Group complied with the LCR requirement as defined by the European 
Commission. The Group also complied with all other liquidity requirements. Stress tests show that the Group has 
sufficient liquidity buffer for more than the coming twelve months. 
As of 30 June 2018, the DFSA changed its supervisory benchmark for liquidity in the Supervisory Diamond 
for Banks. The diamond was introduced in 2010 and contains five benchmarks as indicators for which the DFSA, as a 
starting point, assesses as banks with higher risk profiles. The five benchmarks are (a) sum of large exposures less than 
175 per cent. CET1, (b) lending growth less than 20 per cent. year-on-year, (c) commercial property exposure less than 
25 per cent., (d) funding ratio less than 1 and (e) liquidity benchmark greater than 100 per cent. The liquidity 
benchmark, which was changed as of 30 June 2018, measures a bank’s ability to survive a three month stressed period. 
The benchmark is based on a projected LCR requirement. The benchmark for the funding ratio is expected to be 
revoked when the NSFR requirement is implemented in European Union law.  
In December 2017, the Basel Committee of Banking Supervision published the final version of their review of 
the standardised approach for credit and operational risk, constraints on the use of internal model approaches and the

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
 
possible implementation of a broad REA floor based on the standardised approaches for measuring credit, market and 
operational risk. It is still too early to firmly assess final effects of these potential changes since the political dialogue on 
how and when to implement the revised standards in the European Union has not yet been initiated. The stipulations of 
European Union legislation are not expected to be fully known until 2020 to 2021 at the earliest. On the basis of the 
strong underlying earnings capacity and capitalisation, the Group is confident that it will be able to adapt smoothly to 
the future changes in the European Union regulatory requirements in relation to the revised Basel standards. 
Regulatory Initiatives to Secure Financial Stability (The Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive – BRRD) 
On 15 May 2014, the European Parliament and the Council of the European Union adopted a directive 
providing for the establishment of a European Union-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms (i.e., the BRRD). The BRRD, including the general bail-in tool and MREL, was 
implemented into Danish law and entered into force as of 1 June 2015 by the Danish Recovery and Resolution Act and 
by amendments to the Danish Financial Business Act. 
The BRRD is designed to provide authorities designated by Member States with a credible set of tools to 
intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing institution so as to ensure the continuity of the 
institution’s critical financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of an institution’s failure on the 
economy and financial system. If the relevant resolution authority considers that (a) an institution is failing or likely to 
fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of such 
institution within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest, the relevant resolution 
authority may use the following resolution tools and powers alone or in combination without the consent of the 
institution’s creditors, including the Covered Bondholders: (i) sale of business – which enables resolution authorities to 
direct the sale of the firm or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms; (ii) bridge institution – which 
enables resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the business of the firm to a “bridge institution” (an entity created 
for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public control); (iii) asset separation – which enables resolution authorities 
to transfer assets to one or more publicly owned asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to 
maximising their value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with another resolution 
tool only); and (iv) bail-in relating to eligible liabilities – which gives resolution authorities the power to write down or 
convert to equity all or a part of certain claims of unsecured creditors and to write-down or convert to equity certain 
unsecured debt claims (i.e., the general bail-in tool), which equity could also be subject to any future application of the 
general bail-in tool. 
The BRRD also provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and applied the above 
resolution tools to the maximum extent possible whilst maintaining financial stability, to be able to provide 
extraordinary public financial support through additional financial stabilisation tools. These consist of the public equity 
support and temporary public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must be provided in 
accordance with the European Union state aid framework. 
An institution or, under certain conditions, a group will be considered as failing or likely to fail when: (i) it is, 
or is likely in the near future to be, in breach of its requirements for continuing authorisation; (ii) its assets are, or are 
likely in the near future to be, less than its liabilities; (iii) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts 
as they fall due; or (iv) it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances). 
In addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities to have the further 
statutory power to permanently write down (or convert into equity) tier 1 and tier 2 capital instruments at the point of 
non-viability and before any other resolution action is taken (non-viability loss absorption). Any shares issued to 
holders of such capital instruments upon any such statutory conversion into equity may also be subject to subsequent 
application of resolution tools, which may result in cancellation or dilution of the shareholding. 
For the purposes of the application of any non-viability loss absorption measure, the point of non-viability 
under the BRRD is the point at which the relevant authority determines that the institution or, under certain conditions,

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
 
the group meets the conditions for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or that the institution or, 
under certain conditions, the group will no longer be viable unless the relevant tier 1 and/or tier 2 capital instruments 
are written-down or converted or extraordinary public support is to be provided and without such support the 
appropriate authority determines that the institution or, under certain conditions, the group would no longer be viable. 
The BRRD also provides resolution authorities with broader powers to implement other resolution measures 
with respect to distressed institutions, or under certain conditions, groups, which may include (without limitation) the 
replacement or substitution of the institution or group as obligor in respect of debt instruments, modifications to the 
terms of debt instruments (including altering the maturity and/or the amount of interest payable and/or imposing a 
temporary suspension on payments) and discontinuing the listing and admission to trading of financial instruments. 
With the implementation of the BRRD, European banks are required to have bail in-able resources in order to 
fulfil MREL. There is no minimum European Union-wide level of MREL – each resolution authority is required to 
make a separate determination of the appropriate MREL requirement for each banking group within its jurisdiction, 
depending on the resolvability, risk profile, systemic importance and other characteristics of each institution. 
In February 2019, the DFSA published its decision to set the MREL for the Group. As expected, the 
requirement was set to be equivalent to two times the capital requirement including capital buffer requirements, 
however with the countercyclical buffer excluded from the recapitalisation amount. Danish mortgage credit institutions 
are exempt from MREL and are instead subject to a so-called debt buffer requirement of 2 per cent. of their unweighted 
loans. Due to this exemption, Realkredit Danmark is not included in the consolidation when determining the MREL for 
the Group. Furthermore, liabilities and own funds used to fulfil MREL cannot be simultaneously used to fulfil the 
capital and debt buffer requirements that apply to Realkredit Danmark. The DFSA also requires that all the MREL 
eligible liabilities and own funds must bear losses before other senior unsecured claims in both resolution and 
insolvency. A new law introducing a new layer in the creditor hierarchy for financial institutions, so-called non-
preferred senior debt, was adopted by Danish Parliament in May 2018 and the law entered into force on 1 July 2018. 
Danish SIFIs must fulfil their MREL from 1 July 2019, but in transition to 1 January 2022, they can also include senior 
preferred liabilities issued before 1 January 2018. The MREL requirement may require Danish SIFIs and other banks to 
issue own funds instruments or debt eligible for MREL in accordance with the BRRD, the latter of which includes 
unsecured non-preferred senior debt with residual maturity of at least one year. If an institution does not fulfil the 
MREL requirement after 1 July 2019, the relevant authority may withdraw its banking license. Also, a comparable 
concept for loss absorption, TLAC, has been set for G SIIs. The TLAC requirement also takes effect from 2019. The 
Group is currently not identified as a G-SII and thus not subject to a TLAC requirement. 
On 29 May 2018, a law stipulating that, effective from 1 January 2022, the total resolution related 
requirements for each individual Danish SIFI group will always constitute at least 8 per cent. of all liabilities including 
own funds was adopted by the Danish Parliament. Consequently, if the sum of MREL for the Issuer and the debt buffer 
requirement for Realkredit Danmark is lower than 8 per cent. of the Group’s total liabilities, the DFSA is expected to 
increase the MREL requirement for the Issuer. However, based on current projections, the sum of MREL for the Issuer 
and the debt buffer requirement for Realkredit Danmark will exceed the 8 per cent. backstop measure. 
The adopted EU Banking Reform also includes the implementation of TLAC into European Union legislation. 
The adopted amendments to the BRRD provide clarity, both in terms of the framework for setting banks’ requirements 
as well as the instruments that can be used to fulfil such requirements. The implementation of the adopted changes to 
the BRRD have influenced the Danish authorities’ approach to setting MREL for the Group, as the countercyclical 
buffer is no longer included in the recapitalisation amount. Furthermore, the adopted changes to the existing MREL 
framework in the BRRD also impact the interaction between the MREL requirement and the combined capital buffer 
requirement to the extent that a breach of MREL may lead to restrictions on the MDA. 
The powers set out in the already adopted BRRD impact how credit institutions and investment firms are 
managed as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. The BRRD outlines the priority ranking of certain 
deposits in an insolvency hierarchy, which required changes to the insolvency hierarchy in Denmark as described

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
 
above. The BRRD establishes a preference in the ordinary insolvency hierarchy, firstly, for insured depositors and, 
secondly, for all other deposits of individuals and micro, small and medium-sized enterprises held in European 
Economic Area or non-European Economic Area branches of a European Economic Area bank. These preferred 
deposits rank ahead of all other unsecured senior creditors of the Issuer, including the Holders, in the insolvency 
hierarchy. Furthermore, the insolvency hierarchy could be changed in the future. 
In accordance with the BRRD and the Danish act on restructuring and resolution of certain financial 
undertakings, a Danish resolution fund was established in 2015. Under certain conditions, the Danish resolution fund 
can make contributions in case of resolution of a financial institution. The assets of the Danish resolution fund must 
amount to at least 1 per cent. of the covered deposits of all Danish financial institutions by 31 December 2024. Each 
Danish financial institution must make annual contributions to the Danish resolution fund on the basis of its size and 
risk relative to other financial institutions in Denmark. The first contributions to the Danish resolution fund were paid in 
the fourth quarter of 2015. If the Danish resolution fund incurs losses, the annual contribution may be increased or 
continued/resumed after 31 December 2024. In addition and in accordance with the Revised Deposit Guarantee 
Schemes Directive as implemented into Danish law, Danish credit institutions are required to make contributions to the 
Danish Guarantee Fund, which covers losses incurred on covered deposits in distressed credit institutions. Similarly, the 
Group’s entities in Finland, Luxembourg and the U.K. are required to contribute to resolution funds that have been 
established in the respective countries. 
 
On 12 December 2017, the European Parliament and the Council of the European Union adopted Directive 
2017/2399/EU amending the BRRD as regards the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy. The 
directive enables banks to issue debt in a new statutory category of unsecured debt that ranks below the most senior 
debt and other senior liabilities for the purposes of resolution (a so-called “non-preferred senior debt”). On 29 May 
2018, the Danish Parliament adopted a law implementing the directive, and the law entered into force on 1 July 2018. 
According to the adopted law, the rules will not affect the existing stock of bank debt and will apply to issuances of 
bank debt made from 1 January 2018 or later in the concerned category following the date of application of the law. 
Solvency II (insurance)  
The new international insurance rules, Solvency II, took effect on 1 January 2016. The rules are intended to 
protect customer funds, and they will generally increase capital requirements. Danica Pension was well prepared. While 
the previous Solvency I capital requirements were volume based, the Solvency II requirements are risk based. As a 
forerunner of the Solvency II rules, the DFSA introduced individual solvency need requirements in 2007. Under these 
requirements, which are also risk based, Danish insurance companies were required to meet the higher of Solvency I 
and individual solvency need requirements. The individual solvency need requirements have been changed gradually in 
the period up to 2014 to bring Danish requirements closer to the Solvency II requirements.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
 
Management of Danske Bank 
The Issuer’s administrative bodies are the Board of Directors and the Executive Leadership Team. The Board 
of Directors, which consists of non-executive directors, is elected by the shareholders of the Issuer at the annual general 
meeting or at an extraordinary general meeting, with the exception of those directors who are elected pursuant to 
prevailing law concerning employee representation on the Board of Directors (currently four). The non-employee 
directors, who are elected by the shareholders, are elected for terms of one year and the number of such directors may 
range from six to ten. Directors are eligible for re-election. The Issuer’s Executive Leadership Team may consist of two 
to twelve members who are responsible for the day-to-day business and affairs of the Issuer. The business address of 
the Board of Directors and the Executive Leadership Team is 2-12 Holmens Kanal, DK-1092 Copenhagen K, Denmark. 
The present members of the Board of Directors and their external positions are as follows: 
Members of the Board of Directors elected by the general meeting 
Karsten Dybvad, Chairman 
 
Directorships and other offices: 
Bygnings- og udviklingsfonden DTM 4.0 (Chairman). 
Carol Sergeant, Vice Chairman 
 
 
Directorships and other offices: 
 
Belmont Green Finance Limited (Director) 
 
BNY Mellon SA/NV (Member of the Board of Directors, 
Chairman of the Risk Committee and Member of the 
Audit Committee) 
 
Threadneedle Solutions Ltd (Company Director) 
 
Lloyds Register Foundation (Trustee and member of the 
Audit and Investment Committee) 
 
The Governing Council of the Centre for the Study of 
Financial Innovation (CSFI) (Trustee). 
Jan Thorsgaard Nielsen 
 
Directorships and other offices: 
Chief Investment Officer (CIO), (A.P. Møller Holding 
A/S) 
 
APMH Invest IV A/S (Chairman) 
 
APMH Invest VI A/S (Chairman) 
 
KK-Group A/S (Chairman of the Boards of Directors of 
4 affiliated undertakings) 
 
APMH Invest (Member of the Board of Directors) 
 
A.P. Møller Capital P/S (Member of the Board of 
Directors) 
 
A.P. Møller Capital GP ApS (Member of the Board of 
Directors) 
 
LEGO A/S (Members of the Board of Directors).

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
 
Lars-Erik Brenøe 
 
Directorships and other offices: 
Executive Vice President, Head of Chairman’s Office, 
A.P. Møller-Maersk A/S 
 
The A.P. Møller and Hustru Chastine Mc-Kinney Møller 
Foundation (A.P. Møller og Hustru Chastine Mc-Kinney 
Møller Fond til almene Formaal) (Member of the Boards 
of Directors and Member of the Boards of Directors or 
the Executive Boards of eight affiliated undertakings) 
 
Maersk Broker K/S (Chairman or Vice Chairman of the 
Board of Directors of six affiliated undertakings)  
 
The A.P. Møller Family Foundation (A.P. Møller og 
Hustru Chastine Mc-Kinney Møllers Familiefond) 
(Member of the Board of Directors) 
 
LINDØ port of Odense A/S (Member of the Board of 
Directors) 
 
Navigare Capital Partners A/S (Chairman) 
 
The Confederation of Danish Industry (Member of the 
Central Board) 
 
The Danish Committee on Foundation Governance (Vice 
Chairman).  
Bente Avnung Landsnes 
 
Directorships and other offices 
NORBIT (Deputy Chairman). 
Jens Due Olsen 
 
Directorships and other offices 
KMD Holding A/S (Chairman and Chairman of four 
affiliated undertakings) 
 
NKT A/S (Chairman and Chairman of one affiliated 
undertaking) 
 
Nilfisk Holding A/S (Chairman) 
 
HusCompagniet (Chairman) 
 
BørneBasketFonden (not-for-profit) (Chairman) 
 
JDO Invest ApS (Executive Officer) 
 
JDO Invest 2 ApS (Executive Officer) 
 
The Danish Committee on Corporate Governance (Vice 
Chairman). 
Christian Sagild 
 
Directorships and other offices: 
Blue Ocean Robotics A/S (Member of the Board of 
Directors) 
 
Royal Unibrew A/S (Member of the Board of Directors) 
 
Nordic Solar Energy A/S  
 
Nordic Solar Global A/S (Chairman)

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
 
 
AMBU A/S (Member of the Board of Directors) 
 
Sagild ApS (Executive Officer). 
Gerrit Zalm 
 
Directorships and other offices:  
Moody’s Corporation (Member of the Board of 
Directors) 
 
Royal Dutch Shell (Member of the Board of Directors) 
 
Y-Group (Advisory Board member) 
 
Central Bureau of Statistics, Netherlands (Advisory 
Board member) 
 
Foundation Schuldenlab.nl (Chairman) 
 
Stichting VU MC Fonds (Supervisory Council member) 
 
Trustees of the National Academy for Finance and 
Economics (Chairman) 
 
Wigo4it, cooperative effort of the social assistance 
organisations of the four largest cities in the Netherlands 
(Advisory Council Chairman).  
Members of the Board of Directors elected by the 
Group’s employees in Denmark 
 
Bente Bang 
 
Directorships and other offices: 
Member of the Board of Directors of Danske Kreds 
 
Danske Kreds Jubilæumsfond (Member of the Board of 
Directors) 
 
Danske Banks Velfærdsfond af 1993 (Member of the 
Board of Directors). 
Kirsten Ebbe Brich 
 
Directorships and other offices: 
Chairman of Danske Kreds 
 
Danske Kreds’ Jubilæumsfond (Chairman) 
 
Danske Unions (transnational association of local Danske 
Bank Group staff unions) (Chairman) 
 
Bikubens Personaleforening (Member of the Board of 
Directors) 
 
Danske Banks Pensionskasse for Førtidspensionister 
(Member of the Board of Directors) 
 
Danske Banks Velfærdsfond af 1993 (Member of the 
Board of Directors) 
 
Financial Services Union in Denmark (Finansforbundet) 
(Member of the Executive Committee). 
Thorbjørn Lundholm Dahl 
Head of AML Transformation Office, Compliance 
Directorships and other offices: 
None.

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
 
Charlotte Hoffmann 
Personal Adviser 
Directorships and other offices: 
None. 
 
The present members of the Executive Leadership Team and their external positions are as follows: 
Chris Vogelzang 
CEO and Interim COO 
Directorships and other offices: 
Rijkmuseum Amsterdam (Member of the Supervisory 
Board) 
 
Prins Bernard Cultuur Fonds (Treasurer) 
 
Wolters Kluwer NV (Member of the Board of Directors). 
Jacob Aarup-Andersen 
Interim CFO 
Directorships and other offices 
Danica Pension Livsforsikringsaktieselskab (Chairman) 
 
Forsikringsselskabet Danica, 
Skadesforsikringsaktieselskabet af 1999 (Chairman) 
 
Danske Bank International S.A (Chairman) 
 
Danske Invest Management A/S (Chairman) 
 
Kreditforeningen Danmarks Pensionsafviklingskasse 
(Chairman) 
 
Realkredit Danmark A/S (Chairman) 
 
FinansDanmark (Second Vice Chairman) 
 
Dansk Venture Capital & Private Equity Association 
(Member of the Board of Directors) 
 
Danske Banks Fond (Member of the Board of Directors). 
Berit Behring 
Head of Wealth Management 
Directorships and other offices: 
Board of Swedish Bankers Association (Member of the 
Board of Directors) 
 
Danica Pension Livsforsikringsaktieselskab (Member of 
the Board of Directors) 
 
Forsikringsselskabet Danica, 
Skadesforsikringsaktieselskabet af 1999 (Member of the 
Board of Directors) 
Glenn Söderholm 
Head of Banking Nordic and Interim Head of Banking 
DK 
Directorships and other offices: 
Danske Hypotek AB (Chairman) 
 
Danske Leasing A/S (Chairman) 
 
Danske Mortgage Bank Plc (Chairman) 
 
P27 AB (Member of the Board of Directors) 
 
MobilePay A/S (Vice Chairman) 
 
MobilePay Denmark A/S (Vice Chairman)

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
 
 
NASDAQ Nordic Ltd. (Member of the Board of 
Directors). 
Jakob Groot 
Head of Corporate & Institutions 
Directorships and other offices: 
International Capital Markets Association (Member of 
the Board of Directors) 
 
Realkredit Danmark A/S (Member of the Board of 
Directors). 
Carsten Egeriis 
Head of Group Risk Management. 
Directorships and other offices: 
Northern Bank Limited (Member of the Board of 
Directors)  
 
Realkredit Danmark A/S (Vice Chairman) 
 
e-nettet (Member of the Board of Directors) 
 
Kreditforeningen 
Danmarks 
Pensionsafviklingskasse 
(Member of the Board of Directors). 
Philippe Vollot 
Chief Compliance Officer 
Directorships and other offices: 
None. 
On 5 September 2019 the Issuer made company announcement number 16/2019 which detailed a number of 
changes to the Executive Leadership Team, including the appointment of Stephan Engels as Chief Financial Officer. 
Stephan Engels is expected to take up this position in April 2020. The external positions of Stephan Engels are as 
follows: 
Stephan Engels 
 
Directorships and other offices: 
mBank S.A, Warschau (Deputy Chairman, Member of 
Remuneration Committee and Executive Committee) 
 
EIS Einlagensicherungsbank GmbH (Chairman of the 
Advisory Board) 
 
CommerzVentures GmbH (Deputy Chairman). 
The external positions for the members of the Board of Directors and the Executive Leadership Team may 
change. Updates of this information can be found on the Danske Bank homepage, https://danskebank.com/about-
us/management. 
After application of the relevant laws and conflict of interest policies of the Issuer, no potential conflicts of 
interest exist between the duties to the Issuer of the persons on the Board of Directors and the Executive Leadership 
Team and their private interests and/or other duties listed above.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF KEY DERIVATIVE CONTRACT PROVISIONS 
Derivative Agreements 
The Issuer (acting in respect of the relevant Register) will enter into derivative agreements from time to time 
with hedge counterparties by executing ISDA Master Agreement(s) (including schedule(s), confirmations and, in each 
case, a credit support annex) (each such agreement, a “derivative agreement” and each of the transactions there under, 
a “derivative contract”) in order to hedge the interest rate risk, foreign exchange risk, liquidity risk or other risks 
between the Covered Bonds and the assets of the relevant Register. Where the Issuer (acting in respect of the relevant 
Register) enters into derivative contracts with the same hedge counterparty these may be entered into under the same 
ISDA Master Agreement. According to Danish Covered Bond Legislation, these derivative agreements must specify 
that the suspension of payments or bankruptcy of the Issuer (acting in respect of the relevant Register) does not 
constitute a breach. 
Ratings Downgrade 
Under each of the derivative agreements, in the event that the relevant rating(s) of a hedge counterparty are 
downgraded by a rating agency below the rating(s) specified in the relevant derivative agreement (in accordance with 
the requirements of the rating agencies) for such hedge counterparty, the relevant hedge counterparty will, in 
accordance with the relevant derivative agreement, be required to take certain remedial measures which may include 
providing additional collateral for its obligations under the relevant derivative agreement, arranging for its obligations 
under the derivative agreement to be transferred to an entity with rating(s) required by the relevant rating agency as 
specified in the relevant derivative agreement (in accordance with the requirements of the relevant rating agency), 
procuring another entity with rating(s) required by the relevant rating agency as specified in the relevant derivative 
agreement (in accordance with the requirements of the relevant rating agency) to become co-obligor or guarantor, as 
applicable, in respect of its obligations under the relevant derivative agreement or taking some other action as it may 
agree with the relevant rating agency. 
Issuer as hedge counterparty 
To the extent that the Issuer has included in the relevant Issuer Cover Pool derivative contracts entered into 
with another part of the Issuer’s business: 
(i) 
the Issuer is obliged pursuant to the Danish Covered Bond Legislation to provide collateral to such 
Issuer Cover Pool, in a DKK equivalent, in the minimum amount of (a) 2.5 per mille of the aggregate 
notional amounts in respect of all outstanding derivative contracts entered into between such Issuer 
Cover Pool and another part of the Issuer’s business to the extent the Issuer’s long-term, unsecured 
and unsubordinated debt or counterparty obligations are rated at least AA (in the case of S&P) or AA 
(in the case of Fitch), or (b) 5 per mille of the aggregate notional amounts in respect of all outstanding 
derivative contracts entered into between such Issuer Cover Pool and another part of the Issuer’s 
business to the extent the Issuer’s long-term, unsecured and unsubordinated debt or counterparty 
obligations of the Issuer are rated at least A (in the case of S&P) or A (in the case of Fitch), but less 
than AA (in the case of S&P) or AA (in the case of Fitch); 
(ii) 
the Issuer is obliged pursuant to the Danish Covered Bond Legislation to provide collateral on a daily 
basis to such Issuer Cover Pool covering the aggregate mark-to-market value of all outstanding 
derivative contracts entered into between such Issuer Cover Pool and another part of the Issuer’s 
business, provided that the aggregate mark-to-market value is in favour of such Issuer Cover Pool; 
(iii) 
the Issuer is obliged pursuant to the Danish Covered Bond Legislation to provide such further 
collateral as requested by the DFSA or arrange for its obligations under the derivative agreement to be 
transferred to an entity with rating(s) required by the DFSA, if the long-term, unsecured and 
unsubordinated debt or counterparty obligations of the Issuer are rated below A (in the case of S&P) 
and A (in the case of Fitch); and

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
 
(iv) 
collateral provided by the Issuer shall comprise one or more of the assets set out in Article 129.1 in 
regulation No. 575/2013 of 26 June 2013. 
Termination Event 
The derivative agreements will or may be terminated under certain circumstances, including the following: 
(i) 
at the option of the one party of the relevant derivative agreement, if there is a failure by the other 
party to pay any amount due under that derivative agreement and any applicable grace period has 
expired, or if a change in law results in the obligations of the one party becoming illegal or if a force 
majeure event occurs; 
(ii) 
at the option of the Issuer (acting in respect of the relevant Register), upon the occurrence of an 
insolvency of the relevant hedge counterparty or its guarantor, or the merger of the relevant 
counterparty without an assumption of its obligations under the relevant derivative agreement, or if a 
material misrepresentation is made by the relevant hedge counterparty under the derivative 
agreement, or if the hedge counterparty (or any co-obligor or guarantor of the hedge counterparty or 
any other party specified in respect of the hedge counterparty, as applicable) defaults under an over-
the-counter derivatives transaction under another derivative master agreement between the Issuer 
(acting in respect of the relevant Register) (or any co-obligor or guarantor of the Issuer acting in 
respect of the Register or any other party specified in respect of the Issuer acting in respect of the 
Register, as applicable) and the hedge counterparty (or any co-obligor or guarantor of the hedge 
counterparty or any other party specified in respect of the hedge counterparty, as applicable) or if a 
breach of any provision of the relevant derivatives agreement by the hedge counterparty is not 
remedied within the applicable grace period or if withholding taxes are imposed on payments by the 
Issuer (acting in respect of the relevant Register) under the relevant derivative agreement due to a 
change in law or if the relevant hedge counterparty or its guarantor, as applicable, is downgraded and 
either fails to comply with the requirements of the ratings downgrade provisions contained in the 
relevant derivative agreement and described above under “Ratings Downgrade”; or 
(iii) 
at the option of the hedge counterparty, the merger of the Issuer (acting in respect of the relevant 
Register) without an assumption of its obligations under the relevant derivative agreement, or if the 
Issuer (acting in respect of the relevant Register) defaults under an over-the-counter derivative 
contract under another derivative master agreement entered into such Register between the Issuer 
(acting in respect of the relevant Register) and the hedge counterparty (or any co-obligor or guarantor 
of the hedge counterparty or any other party specified in respect of the hedge counterparty, as 
applicable) or if withholding taxes are imposed on payments by the relevant hedge counterparty under 
the relevant derivative agreement due to a change in law. 
A derivative contract will or may be terminated under certain circumstances, including the following: 
(i) 
at the option of the hedge counterparty, if the Issuer (acting in respect of the relevant Register) 
without undue delay fails to enter a derivative contract into the Register, or fails to deliver notice to 
the hedge counterparty of the entry of the derivative contract into the Register, or cancels any 
derivative contract from the relevant Register without the prior written consent of the hedge 
counterparty; or fails to cancel a derivative contract from the relevant Register in accordance with the 
consent of the hedge counterparty, or fails to give notice of a cancellation of a derivative contract as 
consented to by the hedge counterparty; 
(ii) 
at the option of the hedge counterparty, if, following the insolvency (konkurs), debt restructuring 
(rekonstruktionsbehandling) or any other insolvency related event in respect of the Issuer, the assets 
in one or more Registers (including the relevant Register) in respect of which derivative contracts 
have been entered into either fail to be held together or fail to be held separately from 
(individualiseret) the other assets of the Issuer or the insolvency estate of the Issuer;

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
 
(iii) 
at the option of the hedge counterparty, if other than in respect of an insignificant portion of the assets 
included in the relevant Register, any creditor of the Issuer or the Issuer acting in respect of the 
relevant Register has success in taking enforcement action of any kind, against assets included in the 
Register relevant for such derivative contract in so far as such enforcement action overrides or 
endangers the preferred insolvency status of the hedge counterparty afforded it pursuant to the Danish 
Covered Bond Legislation; 
(iv) 
at the option of the hedge counterparty, to the extent any modification of or change in the law 
applicable to the Issuer’s issuance of Covered Bonds occurs and such modification or change may be 
reasonably said to have material adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer to perform its obligations 
under the derivative agreement or a material adverse effect on the preferred insolvency status of the 
hedge counterparty afforded it pursuant to the Danish Covered Bond Legislation in respect of 
Covered Bonds; or 
(v) 
at the option of the hedge counterparty, if irrevocable notice in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of the Covered Bonds is given by the Issuer to the Covered Bond holders that the Covered 
Bonds in respect of which the parties have entered into the derivative contracts will be repaid or 
redeemed in full. 
Upon the occurrence of an early termination event, the Issuer (acting in respect of the relevant Register) or the 
relevant hedge counterparty may be liable to make a termination payment to the other. The amount of any termination 
payment will be based on a good faith determination of the total losses and costs (or gains) as to the cost of entering 
into a derivate contract with terms and conditions that would have the effect of preserving the economic equivalent of 
the respective full payment obligations of the parties (which may be determined following consideration of quotations 
from leading dealers, relevant market data and information from internal sources), and will include any unpaid amounts 
that became due and payable prior to termination. Any such termination payment could be substantial and may affect 
the funds available to pay amounts due to the Covered Bondholders. 
Covered Bondholders will not receive extra amounts (over and above interest and principal payable on the 
Covered Bonds) as a result of the Issuer receiving termination payments from a hedge counterparty. 
Transfer 
Each hedge counterparty and the Issuer (acting in respect of the relevant Register) may, subject to certain 
conditions specified in the relevant derivative agreement, transfer its obligation under any derivative agreement to 
another entity. 
Taxation 
The hedge counterparty may be obliged to gross up payments made by it to the other party if withholding taxes 
are imposed on payments made under a derivative contract. If, due to a change in law, either the Issuer (acting in 
respect of the relevant Register) or the hedge counterparty is required to gross up a payment under a derivative contract 
or to receive a payment under a derivative contract from which an amount has been deducted or withheld, either the 
Issuer (acting in respect of the relevant Register) or the relevant hedge counterparty, as the case may be, may terminate 
the relevant derivative contract. 
Governing law 
The derivative agreements will be governed by English law. 
Restrictions on the use of derivative contracts 
The Danish Covered Bond Legislation allows for the inclusion of derivative contracts in the Cover Pool only if 
such contracts are entered into in order to hedge the interest rate risk, foreign exchange risk, liquidity risk or other risks 
between the Covered Bonds and the assets of the relevant Register.

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
 
By virtue of the priority established under the Danish Financial Business Act, claims against an issuing bank 
by counterparties to the relevant derivative contracts and the Covered Bondholders will rank pari passu among 
themselves and ahead of claims of all other creditors of the bank with respect to the relevant Cover Pool (save for the 
priority granted to an administration estate in respect of fees and expenses) (for more detail see “Administration Estate” 
under “Overview of Danish Legislation Relating to Covered Bonds”). 
Legislative changes in 2010 have confirmed that security provided by a counterparty to derivative agreements 
in respect of a Cover Pool (i.e., under a credit support annex to an ISDA Master Agreement or a similar document) 
constitutes collateral in the relevant Cover Pool.

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
 
TAXATION  
The following is not a comprehensive analysis of the tax consequences arising in respect of the Covered 
Bonds. Prospective purchasers of Covered Bonds are advised to consult their tax advisers as to the tax consequences 
under the tax laws of the country of which they are residents of a purchase of Covered Bonds, including, but not limited 
to, the consequences of receipts of interest and sale or redemption of Covered Bonds. 
1. 
Denmark Taxation 
According to the Danish tax laws in effect as of the date of this Base Prospectus, (i) payments of interest or 
principal amounts to any Covered Bondholder are not subject to taxation in Denmark, (ii) no withholding tax will be 
required on such payments and (iii) any gain realised upon the sale, exchange or retirement of a Covered Bond will not 
be subject to taxation in Denmark. This tax treatment applies solely to Covered Bondholders who are not subject to full 
tax liability in Denmark or included in a Danish joint taxation scheme and do not carry on business in Denmark through 
a permanent establishment. 
2. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as “FATCA”, a 
“foreign financial institution” (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes 
(“foreign passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related requirements. The 
Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions, including Denmark, have entered 
into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA 
(“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as 
currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold 
under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of FATCA provisions and 
IGAs to instruments such as the Covered Bonds, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to 
FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Covered Bonds, are uncertain and may be 
subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA, or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Covered Bonds, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the 
date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and the 
Covered Bonds characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final 
regulations defining foreign passthru payments are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be 
grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date (including by reason of a 
substitution of the Issuer). However, if additional Covered Bonds (as described under “Standard Terms and Conditions 
– Further Issues” and “German Terms and Conditions – Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable from previously 
issued Covered Bonds are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under 
FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Covered Bonds, including the Covered Bonds offered prior to the 
expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax 
advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Covered Bonds.  
3. 
The Proposed Financial Transaction Tax (“FTT”) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s Proposal”) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia, Slovakia, 
(the “participating Member States”) and Estonia. However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
Covered Bonds (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of 
Covered Bonds should, however, be exempt.

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Covered Bonds where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A financial 
institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, 
including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial 
instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional Member States may 
decide to participate. Prospective holders of Covered Bonds are advised to seek their own professional advice in 
relation to the FTT.

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Covered Bonds may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Barclays Bank PLC, BNP 
Paribas, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Credit Suisse Securities 
(Europe) Limited, Danske Bank A/S (in its capacity as a Dealer), HSBC Bank plc, Natixis, NatWest Markets Plc, 
Société Générale and UniCredit Bank AG (the “Dealers”). Covered Bonds may also be sold by the Issuer directly to 
institutions who are not Dealers. The arrangements under which Covered Bonds may from time to time be agreed to be 
sold by the Issuer to, and purchased by, Dealers are set out in dealership agreement dated 8 November 2019 (the 
“Dealership Agreement” which expression shall include any amendments or supplements thereto or any amendment 
and restatement thereof) and made between the Issuer and the Dealers. Any such agreement will, inter alia, make 
provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant Covered Bonds, the price at which such Covered Bonds 
will be purchased by the Dealers and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the 
Issuer in respect of such purchase. The Dealership Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of the 
appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the 
Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
United States 
Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D, unless TEFRA C is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement; Rule 144A eligible if so specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered 
or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by Regulation S of the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it will not offer, sell or deliver Covered Bonds of any Series (i) as part of the 
distribution thereof at any time or (ii) until forty days after the later of the commencement of the offering and the 
completion of the distribution, as determined by the Paying Agents, of all Covered Bonds of the Tranche of which such 
Covered Bonds are a part as determined and certified to the Fiscal Agent or the Issuer (the “Distribution Compliance 
Period”) within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will have sent to each dealer to 
which it sells the Covered Bonds during the Distribution Compliance Period a confirmation or other notice setting forth 
the restrictions on offers and sales of the Covered Bonds within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable tranche of Covered 
Bonds, an offer or sale of Covered Bonds within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the 
offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Any resale or other transfer, or attempted resale or other transfer of Covered Bonds made other than in 
compliance with the restrictions set out above and below shall not be recognised by the Issuer or any of its agents. The 
certificates for the Covered Bonds sold in the United States shall bear a legend to this effect. 
Bearer Covered Bonds 
Bearer Covered Bonds having a maturity of more than one year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and 
may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a U.S. person, except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations promulgated thereunder.

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
 
Registered Covered Bonds 
Offers, sales, resales and other transfers of Registered Covered Bonds in the United States made or approved 
by a Dealer (including offers, resales or other transfers made or approved by a Dealer in connection with secondary 
trading) shall be effected pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Offers, sales, resales and other transfers of Registered Covered Bonds made in the United States will be made 
only to institutional investors that are reasonably believed to qualify as qualified institutional buyers (as defined in Rule 
144A) (each such institutional investor being hereinafter referred to as a “qualified institutional buyer” or “QIB”) in a 
transaction otherwise meeting the requirements of Rule 144A. 
Each Registered Covered Bond shall contain a legend in substantially the following form: “THIS COVERED 
BOND HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT 
OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”). THE HOLDER HEREOF, BY PURCHASING THIS 
COVERED BOND, AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF DANSKE BANK A/S (THE “ISSUER”) THAT THIS 
COVERED BOND MAY BE OFFERED, RESOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED ONLY (A)(1) 
TO THE ISSUER OR A DEALER (AS DEFINED IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS), (2) SO LONG AS THIS 
COVERED BOND IS ELIGIBLE FOR RESALE PURSUANT TO RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT 
(“RULE 144A”), TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED 
INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A) ACTING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE 
ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 144A, (3) IN AN 
OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 903 OR 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT OR (4) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (IF AVAILABLE), OR (B) 
PURSUANT TO ANY OTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF 
THE SECURITIES ACT, OR (C) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT, AND IN EACH OF SUCH CASES IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE 
SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES. NO REPRESENTATIONS CAN BE MADE AS 
TO THE AVAILABILITY OF THE EXEMPTION PROVIDED BY RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT 
FOR RESALES OF THIS COVERED BOND. THE HOLDER HEREOF, BY PURCHASING THIS COVERED 
BOND, REPRESENTS AND AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE ISSUER THAT IT WILL NOTIFY ANY 
PURCHASER OF THIS COVERED BOND FROM IT OF THE RESALE RESTRICTIONS REFERRED TO 
ABOVE.” 
By its purchase of any Covered Bonds, each investor in the United States shall be deemed to have agreed to 
the restrictions contained in any legend endorsed on the Covered Bond purchased by it (to the extent still applicable) 
and each such purchaser shall be deemed to have represented to the Issuer and the Dealer, if applicable, that it is a QIB. 
Pursuant to the Dealer Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against, or to contribute to losses 
arising out of, certain liabilities, including liabilities under certain securities laws, in respect of Covered Bonds. 
Prohibition of Sales to European Economic Area Retail Investors  
Unless the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specifies “Prohibition of Sales to European Economic 
Area Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
or

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds. 
If the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specifies “Prohibition of Sales to European Economic Area 
Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and 
will not make an offer of Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of 
such Covered Bonds to the public in that Member State: 
(i) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(ii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(iii) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (i) to (iii) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision the expression an “offer of Covered Bonds to the public” in relation to any 
Covered Bonds in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Covered Bonds. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated, and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated, any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) (the 
“FSMA”) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Covered Bonds in circumstances 
in which section 21(1) of the FSMA would not, if the Issuer was not an authorised person, apply to 
the Issuer; and 
(b) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Covered Bonds in, from or otherwise involving 
the United Kingdom. 
Denmark 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer, sell or deliver any Covered Bonds 
directly or indirectly in Denmark by way of a public offering, unless, as applicable, in compliance with the Prospectus 
Regulation, the Danish Consolidated Act No. 931 of 6 September 2019 on Capital Markets, as amended, supplemented 
or replaced from time to time, and any Executive Orders issued thereunder, including the Executive Order No. 1580 of

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
 
17 December 2018, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time, issued pursuant to the Danish Financial 
Business Act.  
Germany 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has only offered and sold and will only offer and sell Covered Bonds in Germany 
in compliance with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation or, as the case may be, the German Capital Investment 
Act (Vermögensanlagengesetz) each as amended from time to time and all other applicable legislation and regulation in 
Germany governing the issue, the offering and the sale of Covered Bonds.  
Japan 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the “FIEA”) and each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds, directly or 
indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of 
the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, 
directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and 
ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that, 
it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Covered Bonds or possesses or distributes this Base 
Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by 
it of Covered Bonds under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it 
makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Arrangers nor any other 
Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Arrangers and any of the Dealers represents that Covered Bonds may 
at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or 
pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme and the issue of the Notes have been duly authorised by a resolution of 
the meeting of the Board of Directors of the Issuer passed on 25 October 2007. The Issuer has obtained, or will obtain 
from time to time, all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of 
the Covered Bonds. 
Listing and Admission to Trading of Covered Bonds on Euronext Dublin 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Covered Bonds issued under the Programme (other than 
Exempt Covered Bonds) during the period of twelve months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the 
Official List of Euronext Dublin and trading on its regulated market.  
However, Covered Bonds may be issued pursuant to the Programme (i) which will not be admitted to listing 
on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and will not be admitted to trading and/or quotation by the regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin or any other listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or (ii) which will be admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation by such listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system as the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
Documents Available 
For as long as the Programme remains valid with the Central Bank, copies of the following documents will be 
available on the website of Euronext Dublin at www.ise.ie: 
(i) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus;  
(ii)  
any supplements to this Base Prospectus, any future base prospectuses relating to the Programme and 
any supplements to any future base prospectuses relating to the Programme; and 
(iii) 
copies of any Final Terms relating to Covered Bonds which are admitted to trading on Euronext 
Dublin’s regulated market. 
For as long as the Programme remains valid with the Central Bank, copies of the following documents will be 
available on the website of the Issuer at www.danskebank.com (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference” for more 
details): 
(i) 
the Articles of Association of the Issuer;  
(ii) 
all reports, letters, and other documents, valuations and statements prepared by any expert at the 
Issuer’s request any part of which is included or referred to in this Base Prospectus; 
(iii) 
the Annual Reports (as defined in “Documents Incorporated by Reference”);  
(iv) 
the Interim report – first nine months 2019 (as defined in “Documents Incorporated by Reference”);  
(v) 
the Previous Terms and Conditions (as defined in “Documents Incorporated by Reference”); and 
(vi) 
any other documents incorporated herein by reference from time to time. 
Third Party Information 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been secured from third parties, this information has been 
accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the information published by such 
third parties no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The 
source of third party information is identified where used.

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
 
Clearing Systems 
The Covered Bonds (other than German Registered Covered Bonds, which will not be deposited with or on 
behalf of, or cleared through, a clearing system) have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Bearer Covered Bonds allocated by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. In 
addition, the Issuer will make an application for any Registered Covered Bonds to be accepted for trading in book-entry 
form by DTC. The CUSIP number for each Tranche of Registered Covered Bonds, together with the relevant ISIN and 
Common Code, will be specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. If the Covered Bonds are to clear 
through an additional or alternative clearing system (including VP, VPS or Euroclear Sweden), the appropriate 
information will be specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
DTC and VP, VPS and Euroclear Sweden (as the case may be) are the entities in charge of keeping the records. 
The address of Euroclear is 3 Boulevard du Roi Albert Ill, B.1210 Brussels, Belgium; the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue J. F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg; the address of DTC is 55 Water Street, 
New York, NY 10041-0099, USA; the address of VP is Helgeshøj Allé 61, DK-2630 Taastrup, Denmark; the address of 
VPS is Biskop Gunnerus’ Gate 14a, N-0185 Oslo, Norway; and the address of Euroclear Sweden is 
Klarabergsviadukten 63, SE-101 23 Stockholm, Sweden. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, an indication of the yield in respect of such Covered 
Bonds will be specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of 
the Covered Bonds on the basis of the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to 
maturity as at the Issue Date of the Covered Bonds and will not be an indication of future yield. 
Conditions for Determining Price 
The issue price and amount of the Covered Bonds of any Tranche to be issued under the Programme will be 
determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of the issue of such Tranche in accordance with 
prevailing market conditions. 
Material Change and Significant Change 
 (i) 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of the Issuer or of the Issuer and 
its Subsidiaries taken as a whole since 30 September 2019, the last day of the financial period in respect of 
which the most recent financial statements of the Issuer and the Group have been prepared; and  
(ii) 
save as outlined in the section “Legal and Regulatory Proceedings”, there has been no material adverse change 
in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2018, the last day of the financial period 
in respect of which the most recently audited financial statements of the Issuer and the Group have been 
prepared.  
Legal Proceedings 
Save as outlined in the section “Legal and Regulatory Proceedings”, there are no governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings against or affecting the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries (and no such proceedings are pending or 
threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during a period covering at least the previous twelve months which have or 
may have in the recent past, individually or in the aggregate, significant effects on the profitability or the financial 
position of the Issuer or of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole. 
Auditors 
The consolidated interim financial statements of the Group as at and for the first nine months ended 30 
September 2019 have been reviewed and the annual financial statements of the Group for each of the financial years

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
 
ended 31 December 2018 and 31 December 2017 have been audited by Deloitte Statsautoriseret 
Revisionspartnerselskab (“Deloitte”), being the relevant independent public auditors of the Issuer for such period. 
Deloitte is a member of “FSR – Danske Revisorer” (Association of State Authorised Public Accountants). 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and their affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their 
affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related 
derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of 
their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or 
Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely 
hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such 
Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase 
of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Covered Bonds issued 
under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Covered Bonds issued 
under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or 
express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend 
to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier Code 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is MAES062Z21O4RZ2U7M96. 
Language 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable 
law. 
Irish Listing Agent 
 
The Irish Listing Agent is Matheson and the address of its registered office is 70 Sir John Rogerson’s Quay, 
Dublin 2, Ireland. Matheson is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in connection with the Covered 
Bonds and is not itself seeking admission of the Covered Bonds to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. 
URLs 
In this Base Prospectus, references to websites or uniform resource locators (each, a “URL”) are inactive 
textual references and are included for information purposes only. The contents of any such website or URL shall not 
form part of, or be deemed to be incorporated into, this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Danske Bank A/S 
2-12 Holmens Kanal 
DK-1092 Copenhagen K 
Denmark 
DEALERS 
Barclays Bank PLC 
5 The North Colonnade 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4BB 
United Kingdom 
BNP Paribas 
10 Harewood Avenue 
London NW1 6AA 
United Kingdom 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstrasse 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
D-60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany  
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12 place des Etats-Unis, CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge CEDEX 
France 
Credit Suisse Securities (Europe) Limited 
One Cabot Square 
London E14 4QJ 
United Kingdom 
Danske Bank A/S 
2-12 Holmens Kanal 
DK-1092 Copenhagen K 
Denmark 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
Natixis 
30 avenue Pierre Mendès France 
75013 Paris 
France  
 NatWest Markets Plc 
250 Bishopsgate 
London EC2M 4AA 
United Kingdom 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France   
 UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
D-81925 Munich 
Federal Republic of Germany

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
 
 
AUDITORS OF THE ISSUER 
 
Deloitte Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab 
Weidekampsgade 6 
DK-2300 Copenhagen S 
Denmark 
 
FISCAL AGENT  
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
GERMAN REGISTERED COVERED BONDS REGISTRAR and PRINCIPAL REGISTRAR 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
D-60323 Frankfurt 
Federal Republic of Germany 
VP SYSTEMS AGENT 
Danske Bank A/S 
Corporate Actions 
2-12 Holmens Kanal 
DK-1092 Copenhagen K 
Denmark

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to Danish Law 
Gorrissen Federspiel Advokatpartnerselskab 
Axel Towers 
Axeltorv 2 
DK-1609 Copenhagen V 
Denmark 
 
To the Dealers as to English Law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
To the Dealers as to German law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2 
D-60306 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
 
Matheson 
70 Sir John Rogerson’s Quay 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Printed by Allen & Overy LLP