--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS DATED 7 JUNE 2022 
 
 
Dar Al-Arkan Sukuk Company Ltd. 
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability) 
U.S.$2,500,000,000 
Trust Certificate Issuance Programme 
Under the U.S.$2,500,000,000 trust certificate issuance programme described in this Base Prospectus (the Programme), Dar Al-Arkan Sukuk Company Ltd. (in 
its capacities as issuer and as trustee, the Trustee), subject to compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue trust 
certificates (the Certificates) in any currency agreed between the Trustee and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
Certificates may only be issued in registered form. The maximum aggregate face amount of all Certificates from time to time outstanding under the Programme 
will not exceed U.S.$2,500,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement described herein), subject to 
increase as described herein. 
Each Series (as defined herein) of Certificates issued under the Programme will be constituted by (i) an amended and restated master trust deed (the Master Trust 
Deed) dated 7 June 2022 entered into between the Trustee, Dar Al-Arkan Real Estate Development Company (Dar Al-Arkan) and Deutsche Trustee Company 
Limited as delegate of the Trustee (the Delegate, which expression shall include any co-Delegate or any successor) and (ii) a supplemental trust deed (the 
Supplemental Trust Deed and, together with the Master Trust Deed, each a Trust Deed) in relation to the relevant Series. Pursuant to the relevant Trust Deed, 
the Trustee will declare a trust (the Trust) over, inter alia, all of its rights, title, interest and benefit, present and future, in, to and under the relevant Lease Assets 
(as defined herein), and the Certificates of the relevant Series will confer on the holders of those Certificates from time to time (the Certificateholders) the right 
to receive payments (as more particularly described herein) arising from the relevant Trust Assets (as defined herein).  
The Certificates may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers (each a Dealer and together the Dealers) specified under “Overview of the 
Programme” and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Trustee and Dar Al-Arkan, which appointment may be for a 
specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Certificates being (or intended to 
be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe for such Certificates. 
The Certificates will be limited recourse obligations of the Trustee. An investment in Certificates issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For 
a discussion of these risks, see “Risk Factors”. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland (the Irish Central Bank) as competent authority under Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). The Irish Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the Irish Central Bank should not be considered as an endorsement of the 
Trustee or Dar Al-Arkan or of the quality of the Certificates. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Certificates.  
Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) for Certificates issued under the Programme during 
the 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list (the Official List) and to trading on its regulated market. Such approval 
relates only to the Certificates which are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin or any other regulated markets for the purposes of 
Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (each such regulated market being a MiFID Regulated Market) or which are to be offered to the public in any member state 
of the European Economic Area (each a Member State) in circumstances that require the publication of a prospectus. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Certificates being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Certificates have been admitted to listing on the 
Official List and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin or, as the case may be, another MiFID Regulated Market. 
The Programme provides that Certificates may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be 
agreed between the Trustee, Dar Al-Arkan and the relevant Dealer. The Trustee may also issue unlisted Certificates and/or Certificates not admitted to trading on 
any market. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Certificates which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the 
European Economic Area (the EEA). The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or 
material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Notice of the aggregate face amount of Certificates and any other terms and conditions not contained herein which are applicable to each Series will be set out in 
a final terms document (the applicable Final Terms) which, with respect to Certificates to be listed on Euronext Dublin, will be delivered to the Irish Central 
Bank and Euronext Dublin on or around the date of issue of such Series. 
The Trustee and Dar Al-Arkan may agree with any Dealer that Certificates may be issued with terms and conditions not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions 
of the Certificates herein, in which event a supplemental Base Prospectus, if appropriate, will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement 
reached in relation to such Certificates. 
The Certificates have not been nor will be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or with any securities regulatory 
authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and the Certificates may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S)) except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject 
to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Accordingly, Certificates may be offered or sold solely to persons who are not U.S. persons (as defined in 
Regulation S) outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S. Each purchaser of the Certificates is hereby notified that the offer and sale of Certificates to 
it is being made in reliance on the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Regulation S. 
Dar Al-Arkan has been rated B1 by Moody’s Investors Service Limited (Moody’s). The Programme is expected to be rated B1 by Moody’s.  
Moody’s is established in the United Kingdom (the UK) and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA) (the UK CRA Regulation). Moody’s is not established in the European Union and has not applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation). The ratings issued by Moody’s have been endorsed by Moody’s 
Deutschland GmbH in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Moody’s Deutschland GmbH is established in the European Union and registered under the CRA 
Regulation. As such, Moody’s Deutschland GmbH is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by ESMA on its website (at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
Where a Series of Certificates is rated, such rating will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
The transaction structure relating to the Certificates (as described in this Base Prospectus) has been approved by Khalij Islamic, Sharia Adviser to Deutsche Bank 
AG, the Chairman and Executive Member of the Internal Sharia Supervision Committee of Emirates NBD and the Standard Chartered Bank Global Shariah 
Supervisory Committee. Prospective investors should not rely on such approvals in deciding whether to make an investment in the Certificates and should consult 
their own Shari’a advisers as to whether the proposed transaction described in such approvals is in compliance with their individual standards of compliance with 
Shari’a principles. 
Amounts payable on floating rate Certificates will be calculated by reference to one of EURIBOR, or SAIBOR as specified in the applicable Final Terms. As at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrator of EURIBOR is included in the register of administrators of the European Securities and Markets Authority 
(ESMA) under Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrator of 
SAIBOR is not included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Trustee is aware, Refinitiv 
Benchmark Services (UK) Limited is not currently required to obtain authorisation/registration, recognition, endorsement or equivalence.

--- Page 2 ---
Names of Arrangers and Dealers 
Alkhair Capital (Dubai) Limited 
Standard Chartered Bank 
Deutsche Bank 
Emirates NBD Capital 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 7 June 2022.

--- Page 3 ---
i 
 
 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Each of the Trustee and Dar Al-Arkan accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. 
To the best of the knowledge of each of the Trustee and Dar Al-Arkan the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such 
information. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed together with any amendments or supplements hereto and, in 
relation to any Series of Certificates, should be read and construed together with the applicable Final Terms. 
Subject as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the only persons authorised to use this Base Prospectus in 
connection with an offer of Certificates are the relevant Dealer or the Managers, as the case may be, appointed as 
such for those Certificates. 
Copies of Final Terms will be available from the registered office of the Trustee and the specified office set out 
below of the Principal Paying Agent (as defined below) save that, if the relevant Certificates are neither admitted 
to trading on a regulated market in the EEA nor offered in the EEA in circumstances where a prospectus is required 
to be published under the Prospectus Regulation, the applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by a 
Certificateholder holding one or more Certificates and such Certificateholder must produce evidence satisfactory 
to the Trustee or, as the case may be, the Principal Paying Agent as to its holding of such Certificates and identity. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Trustee or Dar Al-Arkan to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus in connection with the Programme or 
the Certificates and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by the Trustee, Dar Al-Arkan, the Dealers, the Delegate, the Agents (each as defined herein) or any 
other person. Neither the delivery of this document nor any sale of any Certificates shall, under any circumstances, 
constitute a representation or create any implication that the information contained herein is correct as of any time 
subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct 
as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers, the Delegate 
and the Agents expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Trustee, Dar Al-
Arkan or Dar Al-Arkan and its consolidated subsidiaries (together, the Group) at any point, including during the 
life of the Programme, or to advise any investor in Certificates issued under the Programme of any information 
coming to their attention. 
The Group’s real estate portfolio has not been, and will not be, subject to any valuation process in connection with 
the issue of any Certificates under the Programme as described in this Base Prospectus. Accordingly, none of the 
Trustee, the Dealers, the Delegate or any of the Agents expresses any opinion on the valuation of the Group’s real 
estate portfolio, or any part thereof, or as to the identity of the valuers thereof, as at the date of this Base Prospectus 
or any other date. In particular, none of the Trustee, the Dealers, the Delegate or any of the Agents has performed 
any investigation into the Group’s title to its real estate portfolio, or any part thereof. Similarly, no such party has 
conducted any investigation into the circumstances of any valuation conducted by any other party in respect of 
such portfolio, or any part thereof, in connection with the preparation of this Base Prospectus (whether for the 
purposes of the preparation of Dar Al-Arkan’s consolidated financial statements or otherwise), and no such party 
will conduct any such investigation at any time after the date hereof. The Trustee, the Dealers, the Delegate and 
the Agents therefore make no representation or give any other assurance as to any such matters. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form 
part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the Irish Central Bank. 
None of the Trustee, the Dealers, the Delegate, the Agents or any of their respective affiliates has independently 
verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or 
implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by any of them as to the accuracy, adequacy, 
reasonableness or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any other information 
provided by the Trustee or Dar Al-Arkan in connection with the Programme. None of the Dealers, the Delegate 
or any of the Agents or any of their respective affiliates accepts any responsibility for any act or omission of the 
Trustee, Dar Al-Arkan or any other person in connection with the issue and offering of any Certificates. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Certificates is (i) intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Trustee, Dar Al-Arkan, the Dealers, the Delegate or the Agents that any recipient of this

--- Page 4 ---
ii 
 
 
Base Prospectus should purchase any Certificates. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Certificates should 
make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the 
creditworthiness, of the Trustee, Dar Al-Arkan and the Group. None of the Trustee, the Dealers, the Delegate or 
the Agents accepts any liability in relation to the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any other 
information provided by the Trustee and Dar Al-Arkan in connection with the Programme. 
The Certificates of any Series may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each prospective investor in 
Certificates must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each 
prospective investor should: 
(a) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Certificates, 
the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Certificates and the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus; 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the relevant Certificates and the impact the relevant Certificates will 
have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant 
Certificates, including where the currency of payment is different from the prospective investor’s 
currency; 
(d) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Certificates and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(e) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic 
and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Certificates are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial instruments 
as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall 
portfolios. A prospective investor should not invest in Certificates which are complex financial instruments unless 
it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Certificates will perform under 
changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Certificates and the impact this investment will have 
on the prospective investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each prospective investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent (1) Certificates are legal investments for it, (2) Certificates can be used as collateral for various 
types of financing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Certificates. Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment 
of Certificates under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
No comment is made or advice given by the Trustee, Dar Al-Arkan, the Dealers, the Delegate or the Agents in 
respect of taxation matters relating to any Certificates or the legality of the purchase of the Certificates by an 
investor under any applicable law. 
EACH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR IS ADVISED TO CONSULT ITS OWN TAX ADVISER, SHARI’A 
ADVISER, LEGAL ADVISER AND BUSINESS ADVISER AS TO TAX, LEGAL, BUSINESS, SHARI’A 
AND RELATED MATTERS CONCERNING THE PURCHASE OF ANY CERTIFICATES. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Certificates in 
any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Certificates may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. None of the Trustee, Dar Al-Arkan, the Dealers, the Delegate or the Agents represents that this Base 
Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Certificates may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any 
applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action 
has been taken by the Trustee, Dar Al-Arkan, the Dealers, the Delegate or the Agents which is intended to permit 
a public offering of any Certificates or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for 
that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Certificates may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither 
this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any

--- Page 5 ---
iii 
 
 
jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. 
Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Certificates may come must inform themselves about, 
and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of the 
Certificates. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of 
Certificates in the United States, the European Economic Area, the UK, the Cayman Islands, Japan, the Kingdom 
of Saudi Arabia (the Kingdom), the United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre), 
the Dubai International Financial Centre, the Kingdom of Bahrain, State of Qatar (excluding the Qatar Financial 
Centre), Singapore, Hong Kong and Malaysia, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
None of the Dealers, the Trustee, Dar Al-Arkan, the Delegate or any of the Agents makes any representation to 
any investor in the Certificates regarding the legality of its investment under any applicable laws. Any investor in 
the Certificates should be able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Certificates for an indefinite 
period of time. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a 
reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Industry and Market Data 
 
In this Base Prospectus, certain information regarding the Kingdom, the Kingdom’s real estate industry and other 
data regarding the market segment in which Dar Al-Arkan operates have been extracted or derived from data and 
analysis obtained from various publicly available third party sources and materials, each of which is identified in 
this Base Prospectus. Such information may be approximations or estimates or use rounded numbers. In addition, 
in some cases, rounding adjustments have been made to some of this information for consistency of presentation. 
Some data has been based on Dar Al-Arkan’s estimates, which have been derived from a review of both internal 
and independent surveys. Such information, sources, and estimates are believed to be reliable, but have not been 
independently verified by the Trustee or Dar Al-Arkan or any of their respective advisers and no representation 
is made with respect to their accuracy or completeness. However, the Trustee and Dar Al-Arkan confirm that such 
information has been accurately reproduced in this Base Prospectus and that as far as the Trustee and Dar Al-
Arkan are aware and able to ascertain from such information, no facts have been omitted which render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
In addition, statements are made in this Base Prospectus regarding Dar Al-Arkan’s competitive position in its 
industry based on the experience of Dar Al-Arkan’s management and their assessment of market conditions. While 
the Trustee and Dar Al-Arkan believe these statements to be reasonable and fair approximations, to the extent that 
such statements are in part derived from information contained in the third-party sources discussed above, these 
statements cannot be, and have not been, verified by the Trustee and Dar Al-Arkan. 
Industry and market data is subject to change and cannot always be verified with complete certainty due to limits 
on the availability and reliability of raw data, the voluntary nature of the data gathering process and other 
limitations and uncertainties inherent in any survey of market size. None of the publications, reports or other 
published industry sources referred to in this Base Prospectus were commissioned by the Trustee, Dar Al-Arkan, 
the Dealers, the Agents or the Delegate or prepared at their request. 
Presentation of Financial Information 
 
The consolidated financial statements of Dar Al-Arkan as of and for the year ended 31 December 2021 (the 2021 
Audited Financial Statements) and the consolidated financial statements of Dar Al-Arkan as of and for the year 
ended 31 December 2020 (the 2020 Audited Financial Statements and, together with the 2021 Audited Financial 
Statements, the Audited Financial Statements) have been audited by AlKharashi & Co. (AlKharashi) and have 
been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) endorsed by the Saudi 
Organization for Certified Public Accountants (SOCPA) and adopted in the Kingdom. The interim condensed 
consolidated financial statements of Dar Al-Arkan as of and for the three months ended 31 March 2022 (the 
Interim Financial Statements) have been reviewed by AlKharashi, and have been prepared in accordance with 
IAS 34, ‘Interim Financial Reporting’ as endorsed by SOCPA and adopted in the Kingdom. Neither the Audited 
Financial Statements nor the Interim Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS as 
endorsed in the European Union based on Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002. There are no material differences 
between the accounting standards used in preparing the Audited Financial Statements and the Interim Financial 
Statements and IFRS as endorsed in the European Union based on Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002.

--- Page 6 ---
iv 
 
 
The financial data set out in this Base Prospectus as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020 has been derived 
from the comparative financial information as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020 included in the 2021 
Audited Financial Statements. The financial data set out in this Base Prospectus as of and for the year ended 31 
December 2019 has been derived from the comparative financial information as of and for the year ended 31 
December 2019 included in the 2020 Audited Financial Statements. The financial data set out in this Base 
Prospectus as of and for the three months ended 31 March 2021 has been derived from the comparative financial 
information as of and for the three months ended 31 March 2021 included in the Interim Financial Statements. 
Dar Al-Arkan publishes its financial statements in Saudi Riyal. 
Presentation of Statistical Information 
 
The statistical information in the section entitled “Overview of the Kingdom” and “Overview of the Real Estate 
Sector in the Kingdom” has been accurately reproduced from a number of different identified sources. All 
statistical information provided in that section may differ from that produced by other sources for a variety of 
reasons, including the use of different definitions and cut-off times. Gross domestic product (GDP) data for the 
year ended 31 December 2021 is not final and may be subject to revision in future periods and certain other 
historical GDP data set out in that section may also be subject to future adjustment. 
Presentation of Other Information 
 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to SAR, Saudi Riyal and Riyal are to the lawful 
currency of the Kingdom and references to U.S.$ and U.S. Dollar are to the lawful currency of the United States 
of America. The Kingdom follows a fixed exchange rate policy under which the Saudi Riyal is pegged to the U.S. 
Dollar at the exchange rate of U.S.$1 = SAR 3.75. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures 
shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain 
tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited 
in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable 
law. 
Information contained in any website referred to herein (with the exception of the websites which contain the 
documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus) does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Certain Definitions 
In this Base Prospectus, references to: 
 
bpd means barrels per day; 
 
development project means a land development project or a residential and commercial project; 
 
G20 means the Group of Twenty; 
 
GASTAT means the General Authority for Statistics; 
 
GCC means the Gulf Cooperation Council; 
 
Government means the government of the Kingdom; 
 
IMF means the International Monetary Fund; 
 
land development project means a project which involves the purchase of undeveloped land and the 
planning and development of basic infrastructure for residential and commercial use. Once this basic 
infrastructure has been completed, Dar Al-Arkan either sells the developed land to third party investors or to 
developers, develops a residential and commercial project on the developed land, or develops a residential 
and commercial project on a portion of the developed land and retains the remaining portion to sell once its 
value has appreciated due to the completion of the relevant residential and commercial project;

--- Page 7 ---
v 
 
 
 
NTP means the National Transformation Programme; 
 
OPEC means the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries; 
 
PIF means the Public Investment Fund;  
 
residential and commercial project means a project which focuses on the development and sale of 
principally residential projects, including large master-planned projects, which each typically include 
commercial units such as retail areas, hospitals and schools; 
 
SAIBOR means the Saudi Arabian Interbank Offered Rate; 
 
SAMA means the Saudi Central Bank (formerly known as the Saudi Arabian Monetary Authority); 
 
SREFC means the Saudi Real Estate Financing Company; and 
 
WTO means the World Trade Organization. 
Certain Non-IFRS Financial Information 
This Base Prospectus includes certain financial information which has not been prepared in accordance with IFRS 
and which also constitutes alternative performance measures (APMs) as defined in the ESMA Guidelines on 
Alternative Performance Measures. In this Base Prospectus, this information comprises gross margin data which 
is presented as total gross profit (or gross profit for Sale of Development Properties, Sale of Residential Properties 
or Leasing of Properties, as applicable) for the relevant period as a percentage of total revenue from operations 
(or Sale of Development Properties revenue, Sale of Residential Properties revenue or Leasing of Properties 
revenue, as applicable) for the relevant period. None of this financial information is subject to any audit or review 
by independent auditors. However, Dar Al-Arkan believes that these measures provide useful supplementary 
information to both investors and Dar Al-Arkan’s management, as they facilitate the evaluation of company 
performance. APMs are not measurements of Dar Al-Arkan’s operating performance or liquidity under IFRS and 
should not be used instead of, or considered as alternatives to, any measures of performance or liquidity under 
IFRS. The APMs relate to the reporting periods described in this Base Prospectus and are not intended to be 
predictive of future results. It should be noted that, since not all companies calculate financial measurements in 
the same manner, these are not always comparable to measurements used by other companies. Accordingly, these 
financial measures should not be seen as a substitute for measures defined according to IFRS.  
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
Certain statements in this Base Prospectus constitute “forward looking statements”. Such statements can 
generally be identified by their use of forward looking words such as “plans”, “estimates”, “believes”, 
“expects”, “may”, “will”, “should”, “are expected”, “would be”, “anticipates” or the negative or other 
variations of such terms or comparable terminology. These forward looking statements reflect the current 
views of Dar Al-Arkan with respect to future events, and are not a guarantee of future performance. Many 
factors could cause the actual results, performance or achievements of Dar Al-Arkan to be significantly 
different from any future results, performance or achievements that may be expressed or implied by such 
forward looking statements. Should any one or more of the risks or uncertainties materialise or any 
underlying assumptions on which a forward looking statement is based prove to be inaccurate or incorrect, 
actual results may vary materially from those described in this Base Prospectus, as anticipated, believed, 
estimated, planned or expected. 
Investors are therefore strongly advised to read the sections “Risk Factors”, “Business” and “Financial 
Review”, which include a more detailed description of the factors that might have an impact on Dar 
Al-Arkan’s business and on the industry sector in which Dar Al-Arkan operates. 
The actual financial state of Dar Al-Arkan and the value of any Certificates may be adversely affected by 
future developments in inflation, financing charges, taxation, calculation of zakat or other economic, 
political and other factors, over which the Trustee and Dar Al-Arkan have no control. None of the Trustee, 
Dar Al-Arkan, the Dealers, the Delegate or the Agents intend to update or otherwise revise any information 
or forward looking statements in this Base Prospectus, whether as a result of new information, future events 
or otherwise. As a result of these and other risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward looking events 
and circumstances discussed in this Base Prospectus might not occur in the way it is expected, or at all.

--- Page 8 ---
vi 
 
 
Prospective investors should consider all forward looking statements in light of these explanations and 
should not place undue reliance on forward looking statements. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus 
nor any oral, written or printed interaction in relation to any Certificates is intended to be, or should be 
construed as or relied upon in any way as, a promise or representation as to future earnings, results or 
events. 
VOLCKER RULE 
The Volcker Rule, which became effective on 1 April 2014, but was subject to a conformance period for certain 
entities that concluded on 21 July 2015, generally prohibits “banking entities” (which is broadly defined to include 
U.S. banks and bank holding companies and many non-U.S. banking entities, together with their respective 
subsidiaries and other affiliates) from (i) engaging in proprietary trading, (ii) acquiring or retaining an ownership 
interest in or sponsoring a “covered fund”, and (iii) entering into certain relationships with “covered funds”. The 
general effects of the Volcker Rule remain uncertain; any prospective investor in the Certificates and any entity 
that is a “banking entity” as defined under the Volcker Rule which is considering an investment in the Certificates 
should consult its own legal advisors and consider the potential impact of the Volcker Rule in respect of such 
investment. If investment by “banking entities” in the Certificates is prohibited or restricted by the Volcker Rule, 
this could impair the marketability and liquidity of such Certificates. No assurance can be made as to the effect of 
the Volcker Rule on the ability of certain investors subject thereto to acquire or retain an interest in the Certificates, 
and accordingly none of the Trustee, Dar Al-Arkan, the Arrangers, the Delegate, the Agents or the Dealers, or any 
of their respective affiliates makes any representation regarding (a) the status of the Trustee under the Volcker 
Rule (including whether it is a “covered fund” for their purposes) or (b) the ability of any purchaser to acquire or 
hold the Certificates, now or at any time in the future. 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 
(2020 REVISED EDITION) OF SINGAPORE, AS AMENDED OR MODIFIED FROM TIME TO TIME 
(THE SFA) 
In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018), the Trustee has determined, and hereby notifies all 
relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA) that, unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in 
respect of any Certificates, the Certificates are prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the 
Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
NOTICE TO UK RESIDENTS 
Any Certificates to be issued under the Programme which do not constitute “alternative finance investment 
bonds” (AFIBs) within the meaning of Article 77A of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(Regulated Activities) Order 2001/544, as amended, will represent interests in a collective investment 
scheme (as defined in the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the FSMA)) which has 
not been authorised, recognised or otherwise approved by the UK Financial Conduct Authority. 
Accordingly, this Base Prospectus is not being distributed to, and must not be passed on to, the general 
public in the UK. 
The distribution in the UK of this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms and any other marketing materials 
relating to the Certificates is being addressed to, or directed at: (A) if the distribution of the Certificates 
(whether or not such Certificates are AFIBs) is being effected by a person who is not an authorised person 
under the FSMA, only the following persons: (i) persons who are Investment Professionals as defined in 
Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the 
Financial Promotion Order), (ii) persons falling within any of the categories of persons described in Article 
49 (High net worth companies, unincorporated associations, etc.) of the Financial Promotion Order and 
(iii) any other person to whom it may otherwise lawfully be made in accordance with the Financial 
Promotion Order; and (B) if the Certificates are not AFIBs and the distribution is effected by a person who 
is an authorised person under the FSMA, only the following persons: (i) persons falling within one of the 
categories of Investment Professional as set out in Article 14(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (Promotion of Collective Investment Schemes) (Exemptions) Order 2001 (the Promotion of CISs 
Order), (ii) persons falling within any of the categories of person described in Article 22 (High net worth 
companies, unincorporated associations, etc.) of the Promotion of CISs Order and (iii) any other person to 
whom it may otherwise be lawfully promoted.

--- Page 9 ---
vii 
 
 
Persons of any other description in the UK may not receive and should not act or rely on this Base 
Prospectus, any Final Terms or any other marketing materials in relation to any Certificates. 
Prospective investors in the UK in any Certificates are advised that all, or most, of the protections afforded 
by the UK regulatory system will not apply to an investment in such Certificates and that compensation 
will not be available under the UK Financial Services Compensation Scheme. 
Any prospective investor intending to invest in any investment described in this Base Prospectus should 
consult its professional adviser and ensure that it fully understands all the risks associated with making 
such an investment and that it has sufficient financial resources to sustain any loss that may arise from such 
investment. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Certificates may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Certificates and which channels for distribution 
of the Certificates are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Certificates (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Certificates (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Certificates is a manufacturer in respect of such Certificates, but otherwise neither the Dealers 
nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance 
Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Certificates will include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Certificates and which channels for distribution 
of the Certificates are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Certificates (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Certificates (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules any Dealer subscribing for any Certificates is a manufacturer in respect of such Certificates, 
but otherwise neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of 
the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules  
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE CAYMAN ISLANDS 
No invitation, whether directly or indirectly, may be made to any member of the public of the Cayman 
Islands to subscribe for any Certificates to be issued under this Programme and this Base Prospectus shall 
not be construed as an invitation to the public of the Cayman Islands to subscribe for any such Certificates. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE KINGDOM OF SAUDI ARABIA 
This Base Prospectus may not be distributed in the Kingdom except to such persons as are permitted under 
the Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing Obligations issued by the Capital Market Authority. 
The Capital Market Authority does not make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this 
document, and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from, or incurred in reliance 
upon, any part of this document. Prospective purchasers of the securities offered hereby should conduct 
their own due diligence on the accuracy of the information relating to the securities. If you do not 
understand the contents of this document you should consult an authorised financial adviser.

--- Page 10 ---
viii 
 
 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE KINGDOM OF BAHRAIN 
In relation to investors in the Kingdom of Bahrain, Certificates issued in connection with this Base 
Prospectus and related offering documents may only be offered in registered form to existing account 
holders and accredited investors as defined by the Central Bank of Bahrain (the CBB) in the Kingdom of 
Bahrain where such investors make a minimum investment of at least U.S.$100,000 or any equivalent 
amount in other currency or such other amount as the CBB may determine. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of securities in the Kingdom of Bahrain in terms of Article 
(81) of the Central Bank and Financial Institutions Law 2006 (decree Law No. 64 of 2006). This Base 
Prospectus and related offering documents have not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with 
the CBB. Accordingly, no Certificates may be offered, sold or made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase nor will this Base Prospectus or any other related document or material be used 
in connection with any offer, sale or invitation to subscribe or purchase securities, whether directly or 
indirectly, to persons in the Kingdom of Bahrain, other than to accredited investors for an offer outside 
Bahrain. 
The CBB has not reviewed, approved or registered this Base Prospectus or related offering documents and 
it has not in any way considered the merits of the securities to be offered for investment, whether in or 
outside the Kingdom of Bahrain. Therefore, the CBB assumes no responsibility for the accuracy and 
completeness of the statements and information contained in this document and expressly disclaims any 
liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from reliance upon the whole or any part of the content 
of this document. No offer of securities will be made to the public in the Kingdom of Bahrain and this Base 
Prospectus must be read by the addressee only and must not be issued, passed to, or made available to the 
public generally. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE STATE OF QATAR 
Any Certificates to be issued under the Programme will not be offered, sold or delivered, directly or 
indirectly, in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) in a manner that would constitute 
a public offering. This Base Prospectus has not been and will not be reviewed or approved by, or registered 
with, the Qatar Financial Markets Authority, the Qatar Central Bank, the Qatar Stock Exchange or the 
Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority in accordance with their regulations or any other regulations 
in the State of Qatar. The Certificates are not and will not be traded on the Qatar Stock Exchange. The 
Certificates and interests therein will not be offered to investors domiciled or resident in the  State of Qatar 
and do not constitute debt financing in the State of Qatar under the Commercial Companies Law No. (11) 
of 2015 or otherwise under the laws of Qatar. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF MALAYSIA 
Any Certificates to be issued under the Programme may not be offered for subscription or purchase and 
no invitation to subscribe for or purchase the Certificates in Malaysia may be made, directly or indirectly, 
and this Base Prospectus or any document or other materials in connection therewith may not be 
distributed in Malaysia other than to persons falling within the categories set out in Part I of Schedule 6 or 
Section 229(1)(b), Part I of Schedule 7 or Section 230(1)(b) and Schedule 8, read together with Schedule 9 
or Section 257(3) of the Capital Market and Services Act 2007 of Malaysia (the CMSA), as may be amended 
and/or varied from time to time and subject to any amendments to the applicable laws from time to time. 
The Securities Commission of Malaysia shall not be liable for any non-disclosure on the part of the Trustee 
or Dar Al-Arkan and assumes no responsibility for the correctness of any statements made or opinions or 
reports expressed in this Base Prospectus. 
STABILISATION 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF ANY SERIES, ONE OR MORE RELEVANT DEALERS 
(THE STABILISATION MANAGER(S)) (OR ANY PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY 
STABILISATION MANAGER(S)) MAY EFFECT TRANSACTIONS WITH A VIEW TO SUPPORTING 
THE MARKET PRICE OF THE CERTIFICATES AT A LEVEL HIGHER THAN THAT WHICH 
MIGHT OTHERWISE PREVAIL. HOWEVER, STABILISATION MAY NOT NECESSARILY OCCUR. 
ANY STABILISATION ACTION MAY BEGIN ON OR AFTER THE RELEVANT ISSUE DATE AND, 
IF BEGUN, MAY CEASE AT ANY TIME, BUT IT MUST END NO LATER THAN THE EARLIER OF

--- Page 11 ---
ix 
 
 
30 DAYS AFTER THE ISSUE DATE OF THE CERTIFICATES AND 60 DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF 
THE ALLOTMENT OF THE CERTIFICATES. ANY STABILISATION ACTION MUST BE 
CONDUCTED BY THE RELEVANT STABILISATION MANAGER(S) (OR PERSONS ACTING ON 
BEHALF OF ANY STABILISATION MANAGER(S)) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE 
LAWS AND RULES.

--- Page 12 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Risk Factors ............................................................................................................................................................ 1 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ................................................................................................................. 29 
Structure Diagram and Cashflows ........................................................................................................................ 30 
Overview of the Programme ................................................................................................................................. 33 
Form of the Certificates ........................................................................................................................................ 41 
Form of Final Terms ............................................................................................................................................. 42 
Terms and Conditions of the Certificates ............................................................................................................. 50 
Use of Proceeds .................................................................................................................................................. 114 
Description of the Trustee .................................................................................................................................. 115 
Selected Financial Data ...................................................................................................................................... 117 
Financial Review ................................................................................................................................................ 119 
Overview of The Kingdom ................................................................................................................................. 140 
Overview of The Real Estate Sector in The Kingdom........................................................................................ 152 
Business .............................................................................................................................................................. 157 
Management ....................................................................................................................................................... 178 
Summary of the Principal Transaction Documents ............................................................................................ 184 
Taxation .............................................................................................................................................................. 197 
Subscription and Sale ......................................................................................................................................... 203 
General Information ........................................................................................................................................... 208

--- Page 13 ---
1 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The purchase of any Certificates may involve substantial risks and is suitable only for sophisticated investors who 
have the knowledge and experience in financial and business matters necessary to enable them to evaluate the 
risks and merits of an investment in the Certificates. Before making an investment decision, prospective 
purchasers of Certificates should consider carefully, in the light of their own financial circumstances and 
investment objectives, all of the information in this Base Prospectus. 
Each of the Trustee and Dar Al-Arkan believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks 
inherent in investing in Certificates, but the inability of the Trustee to pay any amounts on or in connection with 
any Certificate may occur for other reasons and none of the Trustee or Dar Al-Arkan represents that the 
statements below regarding the risks of holding any Certificate are exhaustive. There may also be other 
considerations, including some which may not be presently known to the Trustee or Dar Al-Arkan or which the 
Trustee or Dar Al-Arkan currently deems immaterial, that may impact any investment in Certificates. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus shall have the same meanings in this section. 
RISK FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT DAR AL-ARKAN’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS TO WHICH IT IS A PARTY 
A. 
OPERATIONAL RISKS RELATING TO DAR AL-ARKAN AND ITS BUSINESS 
The risks described under this heading A. (“Operational risks relating to Dar Al-Arkan and its business”) have 
been categorised as operational risks. Operational risks relate to losses resulting from inadequate or failed 
internal processes, people and systems, or due to external events which are beyond the control of Dar Al-Arkan. 
Should an operational risk materialise without effective prevention or mitigation controls it would have a high 
level of impact. Operational risks are managed through policy, standards, procedure-based controls, active 
prevention and monitoring. Operational risks could adversely affect Dar Al-Arkan’s business, financial condition, 
cash flows, results of operations and prospects. This introductory paragraph in italicised text forms part of the 
risk factors in this section but is not a risk factor itself. 
Further context on Dar Al-Arkan’s operational risks is set out below: 
Dar Al-Arkan may not complete development projects that are currently under construction or in initial stages 
of development in the anticipated timeframe or at all  
Completion of Dar Al-Arkan’s current and planned development projects is subject to a number of risks, including 
uncertainties as to market demand or a reduction in market demand after construction has begun, delays or refusals 
in obtaining all necessary building, occupancy and other required governmental and regulatory permits and 
authorisations, a requirement to make significant current capital expenditures for certain properties while 
receiving revenue from these properties over future periods, resulting in possible mismatches between expenditure 
and income and the possible shortage of available cash to fund construction and capital improvements and the 
related possibility that financing for these capital improvements may not be available to Dar Al-Arkan on suitable 
terms or at all, each of which may result in certain of Dar Al-Arkan’s projects not being profitable and hence 
halted or re-planned for other uses. 
There can be no assurance that any or all of Dar Al-Arkan’s current or future projects will be completed in the 
anticipated time frame or at all, and the inability to so complete a project could have a material adverse effect on 
Dar Al-Arkan’s business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and prospects and may affect Dar 
Al-Arkan’s ability to make the relevant payments under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party which 
are necessary in order for the Trustee to pay the amounts due under the Certificates. 
Although Dar Al-Arkan does not act as a contractor itself, its projects are exposed to a number of construction 
risks, including delays in obtaining all, or refusals of any, necessary zoning, land use, building, development, 
occupancy and other required governmental permits, licences, approvals and authorisations (including due to new 
regulatory frameworks), unforeseen engineering, environmental or geological problems, Dar Al-Arkan’s inability 
to obtain necessary financing arrangements on acceptable terms, or at all, and otherwise fund construction and 
capital improvements, default or failure, for any reason, by Dar Al-Arkan’s contractors to finish projects on time 
and within budget, financial difficulties, defaults and insolvencies encountered by Dar Al-Arkan’s contractors and

--- Page 14 ---
2 
 
 
subcontractors, which is a risk that may be increased in the current inflationary climate, an inability to find a 
suitable contractor either at the commencement of a project or following a default by an appointed contractor, 
whether on favourable terms or at all. In the situation where an appointed contractor defaults and Dar Al-Arkan 
needs to find a replacement contractor, even if Dar Al-Arkan were able to find such a replacement in a timely 
manner, it is likely that the cost to Dar Al-Arkan would increase given that any new contractor would need time 
to familiarise itself with the ongoing project, which in turn would cause further delays to the completion of the 
project, disruption in service and access to third parties, defective materials or building methods, disputes between 
contractors and/or subcontractors and their employees, shortages of, or defective, materials and/or equipment, 
(including, in particular, cranes), labour and/or other necessary supplies (due to rising commodity prices or 
inflation or otherwise), adverse weather conditions, natural disasters, labour disputes, disputes with 
subcontractors, accidents, changes in governmental priorities and other unforeseen circumstances and escalating 
costs of construction materials (for example, raw materials such as steel and other commodities common in the 
construction industry (the cost of which has increased in the last 12 months as a result of logistical issues being 
experienced worldwide), and global commodity and energy prices (the cost of which has also increased recently). 
Whilst the above risks apply in respect of Dar Al-Arkan’s construction projects at any time, the risk of these events 
occurring has been heightened in recent years by the significant global economic downturn in 2020 caused by 
measures imposed around the world to restrict the spread of the coronavirus disease (COVID-19). Any of these 
factors, either alone or in combination, could materially delay the completion of a project or materially increase 
the costs associated with a project which could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on Dar Al-Arkan’s business, 
financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and prospects and may affect Dar Al-Arkan’s ability to make 
the relevant payments under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party which are necessary in order for the 
Trustee to pay the amounts due under the Certificates. 
The total estimated costs of Dar Al-Arkan’s development projects may be subject to unanticipated increases 
The total estimated costs of Dar Al-Arkan’s development projects could increase unexpectedly due to a number 
of factors, including increases in the cost of construction materials and/or labour where Dar Al-Arkan has not 
entered into a fixed price contract with its contractor, defects in construction materials, discovery of defects in the 
land, shortages of project managers, contractors and construction specialists, both internally and externally, to 
ensure that planned projects are delivered both on time and on budget, strikes and work stoppages or other labour 
disputes or disturbances affecting Dar Al-Arkan’s projects, contractors, sub-contractors or suppliers, design or 
construction defects and otherwise failing to complete projects according to design specification, changes or 
modifications in the design of the project based on market demand or regulatory requirements, changes in demand 
trends due to, among other things, a shift in buyer preferences, a downturn in the economy, a change in the 
surrounding environment of the project, including the location or operation of transportation hubs or population 
density or otherwise, failure of contractors, subcontractors or other third parties to perform their obligations 
adequately and/or on time, contractors, subcontractors or other third parties seeking to re-negotiate their 
agreements and government authorities applying additional requirements on development of projects. 
In recent years, the real estate industry in the Kingdom has, in particular, experienced increases in the costs of 
construction materials and labour. The price of construction materials has fluctuated considerably in recent years, 
due to a range of factors including supply chain disruptions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, increased 
international uncertainty driven by Russia’s invasion of Ukraine in February 2022, exchange rate variations and 
inflation. In addition, the cost of labour has increased due to increased levels of real estate development in the 
Kingdom and due to the contraction of the foreign labour population as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. As 
a result, more recent contracts entered into by Dar Al-Arkan reflect this higher cost environment. There can be no 
assurance that these costs will not continue to increase or that Dar Al-Arkan will be able to reflect such costs 
increases in its sale or rental prices or that such sale or rental prices will be sufficient to allow Dar Al-Arkan to 
recover its costs for affected development projects. In addition, in relation to its existing contracts, although Dar 
Al-Arkan typically enters into fixed price contracts with its contractors, it may, from time to time, agree to 
increases in the contract price where costs have increased materially since the price was agreed. Any of the factors 
referred to above could have a material adverse effect on Dar Al-Arkan’s business, financial condition, cash flows, 
results of operations and prospects and may affect Dar Al-Arkan’s ability to make the relevant payments under 
the Transaction Documents to which it is a party which are necessary in order for the Trustee to pay the amounts 
due under the Certificates.

--- Page 15 ---
3 
 
 
Dar Al-Arkan depends on the ability of its contractors and subcontractors to complete projects on schedule and 
to maintain a consistent standard of quality  
Dar Al-Arkan relies on the ability of its contractors and subcontractors to construct its development projects, who 
in turn rely on suppliers of construction materials. The ability of contractors and subcontractors to perform their 
obligations is subject to numerous factors which are beyond the control of Dar Al-Arkan, such as the insolvency 
of such contractors or subcontractors, their ability to hire adequate labour and to otherwise manage their own 
businesses efficiently. In addition, the ability of suppliers of construction materials to perform their obligations is 
subject to periodic shortages and price volatility in raw materials. A failure to complete projects on time or to 
maintain a consistent standard of quality may lead to difficulties in marketing Dar Al-Arkan’s products, 
rescissions of sales or rental contracts and increased liabilities pursuant to customer warranty claims, each of 
which could have a material adverse effect on Dar Al-Arkan’s business, financial condition, cash flows, results 
of operations and prospects and may affect Dar Al-Arkan’s ability to make the relevant payments under the 
Transaction Documents to which it is a party which are necessary in order for the Trustee to pay the amounts due 
under the Certificates. 
Dar Al-Arkan’s operations may be subject to delays due to the inability of utility and infrastructure providers 
to provide services and connections to Dar Al-Arkan’s developments at the required levels and within the 
specified project delivery time  
Access to some of Dar Al-Arkan’s projects is dependent on the completion of connecting infrastructure, such as 
roads connecting a project with the city and the main regional road network and utilities for which third parties 
are responsible. There can be no assurance that material delays in delivering Dar Al-Arkan’s projects will not 
occur in the future as a result of delays in the connection of infrastructure. As a result, Dar Al-Arkan’s current 
projects may be delayed and future projects may be hindered due to the inability of utility providers to provide 
the required levels of water and power generation and connections for the utilities in a timely manner. In addition, 
a breakdown in Dar Al-Arkan’s relationships with third party utility and infrastructure providers could cause 
further delays. Any delays in Dar Al-Arkan’s projects, even if beyond Dar Al-Arkan’s control, may adversely 
affect its brand and reputation which in turn could materially adversely affect its business, results of operations, 
cash flows and financial condition and may affect Dar Al-Arkan’s ability to make the relevant payments under 
the Transaction Documents to which it is a party which are necessary in order for the Trustee to pay the amounts 
due under the Certificates. 
Successful development or sale of undeveloped land is dependent on the success of adjacent projects  
Dar Al-Arkan owns undeveloped land areas adjacent to either established projects or projects under construction, 
which Dar Al-Arkan intends to develop or sell later at higher prices. The success of such strategy depends on the 
success of these projects adjacent to such undeveloped land. In the event that such projects are not successful or 
do not increase the desirability of the area as a whole, this could adversely affect the anticipated profit margin on 
such land or the ability of Dar Al-Arkan to develop or sell land, which may adversely impact Dar Al-Arkan’s 
business, financial position, cash flows and results of operations and may affect Dar Al-Arkan’s ability to make 
the relevant payments under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party which are necessary in order for the 
Trustee to pay the amounts due under the Certificates. 
Significant future acquisitions by Dar Al-Arkan could prove to be costly in terms of its time and resources and 
may impose post-acquisition integration risks  
Any significant acquisitions that Dar Al-Arkan may make in the future could expose Dar Al-Arkan to numerous 
risks, including the diversion of management attention and financial resources that would otherwise be available 
for the ongoing development or expansion of existing operations; unexpected losses of key employees, customers 
and suppliers of the acquired operations; difficulties in integrating the financial, technological and management 
standards, processes, procedures and controls of the acquired business with those of Dar Al-Arkan’s existing 
operations; and difficulties in obtaining any financing necessary to support the growth of the acquired businesses. 
If Dar Al-Arkan is unable to successfully meet the challenges associated with any significant acquisitions it may 
make, this could have a material adverse effect on Dar Al-Arkan’s business, financial condition, cash flows, results 
of operations and prospects, and could therefore affect the ability of Dar Al-Arkan to make the relevant payments 
under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party which are necessary in order for the Trustee to pay the 
amounts due under the Certificates.

--- Page 16 ---
4 
 
 
Dar Al-Arkan may not be successful in implementing its growth and expansion strategy 
In order to complement its existing business segments and reduce reliance on its real estate developments and 
business in the Kingdom, Dar Al-Arkan has, in recent years, sought to expand into new geographical markets 
outside the Kingdom. For example, Dar Al-Arkan launched its first international real estate project, “Urban Oasis 
by Missoni” (previously called the “I Love Florence Tower”) in Dubai, the United Arab Emirates (the UAE), in 
December 2017. This international expansion was followed in 2020 and 2021 with the launch of a number of 
projects outside the Kingdom, including the “Dar Al-Arkan Pagani Tower” in Dubai, and the Sidra gated 
community located close to Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina (Bosnia), and the signing of a memorandum of 
understanding with the Oman Tourism Development Company (the Omran Group) for the development of a 3.5 
million square metre hilltop site in Yitti and Yenkit, Oman, known as “Aida”. Entering into new geographical 
markets requires a significant diversion of resources and capital allocation, and therefore there can be no assurance 
that Dar Al-Arkan’s international expansion strategy will diversify Dar Al-Arkan’s revenue streams and generate 
sufficient income as intended. Any inability to successfully diversify its revenue streams and generate the intended 
levels of revenue from its growth and expansion strategy could have a material adverse effect on Dar Al-Arkan’s 
business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and prospects, and could therefore affect Dar Al-
Arkan’s ability to make the relevant payments under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party which are 
necessary in order for the Trustee to pay the amounts due under the Certificates.  
Dar Al-Arkan’s ability to implement its growth strategy also effectively requires expansion of management 
information system capabilities and operational systems and controls. Growth, whether organic or by acquisition, 
requires significant allocation of capital and management resources, further development of Dar Al-Arkan’s 
financial and internal controls and information technology systems, continued upgrading and streamlining of its 
risk management systems and additional training and recruitment of management and other key personnel. Dar 
Al-Arkan must also maintain a consistent level of customer service and current operations to avoid loss of business 
or damage to its reputation. There can be no assurance that Dar Al-Arkan will be able to sustain its current levels 
of growth in the future. Any failure to meet resource expansion requirements and any failure to properly manage 
its future growth more generally could have a material adverse effect on Dar Al-Arkan’s business, financial 
condition, cash flows, results of operations and prospects and may affect Dar Al-Arkan’s ability to make the 
relevant payments under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party which are necessary in order for the 
Trustee to pay the amounts due under the Certificates. 
Competition in the real estate industry may increase  
Dar Al-Arkan faces competition from a number of local, national and international real estate developers. With 
respect to its residential and commercial projects, Dar Al-Arkan targets the middle-income segment of the real 
estate market and its primary competitors have historically been small and medium-sized developers operating in 
the Kingdom. However, the real estate sector in the Kingdom, where Dar Al-Arkan conducts the majority of its 
operations, is developing and Dar Al-Arkan may face competition from other property developers who may have 
greater expertise and financial, technical and marketing resources than the smaller developers with which Dar 
Al-Arkan has competed historically and such property developers may have greater expertise and resources than 
Dar Al-Arkan. Dar Al-Arkan’s competitors in the Kingdom may lower their pricing or rental rates for properties 
which are comparable to those being sold or leased by Dar Al-Arkan, which may result in pressure on Dar 
Al-Arkan’s pricing and rental rates. Similar competitive pressures also exist in the international markets in which 
Dar Al-Arkan operates most notably in Dubai where numerous large national and international developers operate. 
Such competition may affect Dar Al-Arkan’s ability to sell land or completed properties at expected prices, if at 
all, or, in relation to investment properties, attract and retain tenants. Failure to compete effectively with such 
competitors could have a material adverse effect on Dar Al-Arkan’s business, financial condition, cash flows, 
results of operations and prospects and may affect Dar Al-Arkan’s ability to make the relevant payments under 
the Transaction Documents to which it is a party which are necessary in order for the Trustee to pay the amounts 
due under the Certificates. 
The due diligence process that Dar Al-Arkan undertakes in connection with new projects may not reveal all 
relevant facts  
Dar Al-Arkan conducts due diligence and feasibility studies, sometimes with the assistance of outside consultants, 
by evaluating a number of important business, financial, tax, accounting, environmental and legal issues in 
determining whether or not to proceed with a new project. Nevertheless, when conducting due diligence and 
making an assessment regarding a project, Dar Al-Arkan can only rely on resources available to it at the time, 
including information provided by third party investigations. In some cases, information cannot be verified by 
reference to the underlying sources to the same extent as Dar Al-Arkan could for information produced from its

--- Page 17 ---
5 
 
 
own internal sources. Dar Al-Arkan can offer no assurance that any due diligence investigation it carries out with 
respect to any project opportunity will reveal or highlight all relevant facts that may be necessary or helpful in 
evaluating such opportunity. Any failure by Dar Al-Arkan to identify relevant facts through the due diligence 
process may cause it to make inappropriate business decisions, and may expose it to significant liabilities which 
Dar Al-Arkan may not have been aware of, all of which could have a material and adverse effect on Dar Al-
Arkan’s business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and prospects and therefore on Dar Al-
Arkan’s ability to make the relevant payments under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party which are 
necessary in order for the Trustee to pay the amounts due under the Certificates. 
Real estate assets are inherently difficult to value  
In recent years, a small number of private organisations have begun to publish statistical and other research data 
with respect to real estate in the Kingdom. However, this data is not as complete or reliable as data and research 
prepared in more developed real estate markets, primarily due to limited access to information regarding real 
estate sales prices in the Kingdom and the relatively short period of time for which such data and research has 
been published. This relative lack of complete and reliable statistical and other data makes it more difficult to 
assess real estate values in the Kingdom than in other more developed real estate markets. 
Real estate assets are also inherently difficult to value. As a result, valuations are subject to substantial uncertainty, 
are dated as at certain (historical) dates and are subjective judgements which are made on the basis of assumptions 
which may not be correct. The difficulties in valuing real estate assets, and the inherent limitations therein, apply 
to the valuations which Dar Al-Arkan undertakes internally or through third party valuators from time to time 
with respect to its real estate assets. There can be no assurance that the sale of any of Dar Al-Arkan’s development 
land or completed properties will be at a price which reflects the most recent valuation of the relevant asset, 
particularly if Dar Al-Arkan was forced to sell properties prior to the completion of their development or in 
adverse economic conditions. Accordingly, investors should not rely on any property valuations set out, or referred 
to, in this Base Prospectus when deciding whether or not to invest in the Certificates and should note that, in 
accordance with IFRS as endorsed by SOCPA and adopted in the Kingdom, all of Dar Al-Arkan’s real estate 
assets are recorded in its financial statements at the lower of cost and net realisable value. 
Dar Al-Arkan’s completed properties are mainly commercial complexes and buildings which are rented to a range 
of related and third party tenants. Not all of Dar Al-Arkan’s properties are currently fully leased and it is possible 
that Dar Al-Arkan will not be able to lease in full these or any other properties it develops. As a result, the value 
of these properties may decrease and Dar Al-Arkan’s revenues and profitability may be adversely affected, which 
could have a material adverse effect on Dar Al-Arkan’s business, financial condition, cash flows and results of 
operations and may affect Dar Al-Arkan’s ability to make the relevant payments under the Transaction Documents 
to which it is a party which are necessary in order for the Trustee to pay the amounts due under the Certificates. 
Dar Al-Arkan’s development projects could be subject to material physical damage due to natural disasters and 
other causes beyond Dar Al-Arkan’s control  
Dar Al-Arkan’s development projects could be subject to material physical damage caused by fire, storms, 
earthquakes or other natural disasters, or by other causes such as terrorist attacks. Should any such event occur, 
Dar Al-Arkan could lose some or all of the capital it has invested in the development project as well as anticipated 
revenues from the sale or lease of units on such projects. Despite that, Dar Al-Arkan would also remain obligated 
to pay any debt or other financial obligations related to the development of the project. Although Dar Al-Arkan 
seeks to ensure that its projects and income-generating properties are appropriately insured against such risks, the 
occurrence of any of the above risks to Dar Al-Arkan’s projects or properties could result in losses (including loss 
of rent) that may not be fully compensated by its existing insurance or for which insurance coverage may not be 
available on commercially attractive terms. Further, certain types of risks and losses (for example, losses resulting 
from terrorism, acts of war or certain natural disasters) are not economically insurable or generally insured. In 
addition, where Dar Al-Arkan experiences an insured-against event, it cannot be certain that the proceeds of 
insurance which it receives will fully cover its loss including, for example, in the case where a financing document 
provides that any insurance proceeds should be used to pay the financiers. Dar Al-Arkan’s insurance policies may 
be subject to deductibles or exclusions that could materially reduce the amount that it recovers and, in certain 
circumstances, the policies could be void or voidable at the option of the insurer. In addition, Dar Al-Arkan’s 
insurers may become insolvent and therefore not be able to satisfy any claim in full or at all. 
Any of the above occurrences could have a material adverse effect on Dar Al-Arkan’s business, financial 
condition, cash flows and results of operations and may affect Dar Al-Arkan’s ability to make the relevant

--- Page 18 ---
6 
 
 
payments under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party which are necessary in order for the Trustee to 
pay the amounts due under the Certificates. 
Dar Al-Arkan relies on third parties for significant support of its operations  
Dar Al-Arkan currently receives significant assistance with respect to the planning and development of its land 
development projects and residential and commercial projects from project consultants. In addition, Saudi Home 
Loans Company (SHL), one of Dar Al-Arkan’s associates, provides financing to purchasers of residential units 
on projects developed by Dar Al-Arkan in the Kingdom. Any delay or failure of these third parties in meeting 
their commitments to Dar Al-Arkan could have a material adverse effect on Dar Al-Arkan’s business, financial 
condition, cash flows, results of operations and prospects and may affect Dar Al-Arkan’s ability to make the 
relevant payments under the Transaction Documents which are necessary in order for the Trustee to pay the 
amounts due under the Certificates. 
Dar Al-Arkan relies on certain key personnel to operate its business  
Dar Al-Arkan relies on the efforts, diligence, skill, network of business contacts and close supervision of its senior 
management team and other key personnel for the implementation of its strategy and its day-to-day operations. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Dar Al-Arkan has been successful in attracting appropriately qualified 
individuals to fill management roles. However, competition for appropriately qualified personnel with the relevant 
expertise in the real estate sector in the Kingdom is high. If one or more members of Dar Al-Arkan’s senior 
management team or key personnel were to resign, the loss of such personnel could result in, among other things, 
a loss of organisational focus, poor execution of operations, and a failure or delay to achieve some or all of its 
business strategies and may require the diversion of management resources. In addition, Dar Al-Arkan’s future 
success as it expands its scope of operations will depend, in part, on its ability to attract, retain and motivate 
qualified personnel. Failure to retain current key personnel or to attract and retain additional qualified personnel 
could have a material adverse effect on Dar Al-Arkan’s business, financial condition, cash flows, results of 
operations and prospects and may affect Dar Al-Arkan’s ability to make the relevant payments under the 
Transaction Documents to which it is a party which are necessary in order for the Trustee to pay the amounts due 
under the Certificates. 
Dar Al-Arkan could be subject to cyber-attacks which could significantly disrupt its business 
In common with other major businesses based in the Kingdom, the wider GCC region and globally, the threat to 
the security of Dar Al-Arkan’s information and customer data from security breaches and cyber-attacks presents 
a real and growing risk to its business. Activists, rogue states and cyber criminals are among those targeting 
information technology (IT) systems around the world. Risks to technology and cyber-security evolve and change 
rapidly and require continued focus, monitoring and investment in preventative measures. Given the increasing 
sophistication and scope of potential cyber-attacks, it is possible that future attacks may lead to significant 
breaches of security. A failure to adequately manage cyber-security risk and continually monitor, review and 
update current processes in response to new threats could have a number of adverse effects on Dar Al-Arkan, 
including disruption to its business, unauthorised disclosure of confidential information, significant financial 
and/or legal exposure and damage to its reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on Dar Al-Arkan’s 
business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and prospects and may affect Dar Al-Arkan’s ability 
to make the relevant payments under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party which are necessary in 
order for the Trustee to pay the amounts due under the Certificates. 
The IT systems that Dar Al-Arkan relies on to efficiently run its business could fail  
Dar Al-Arkan relies on IT systems to help efficiently run its business. IT systems utilised by Dar Al-Arkan include 
applications of financial management (financial reports, accounting and treasury), supplies and management 
(administrative directives, procurement and stock control/management), human resources, production planning 
and project and project-related stock control/management (work in progress and completed units). Dar Al-Arkan 
cannot be certain that its IT systems will be able to support the volumes of online traffic it may experience. 
Although the Group maintains business continuity procedures and security measures in the event of IT failures or 
disruption, including backup IT systems for business critical systems, these procedures and measures may not 
anticipate, prevent or mitigate a network failure or disruption and will not protect against an incident to the extent 
that there is no alternative system or backed-up data in place. Any significant failure of Dar Al-Arkan’s IT systems 
more generally could have a material adverse effect on Dar Al-Arkan’s business, financial condition, cash flows, 
results of operations and prospects and may affect Dar Al-Arkan’s ability to make the relevant payments under

--- Page 19 ---
7 
 
 
the Transaction Documents to which it is a party which are necessary in order for the Trustee to pay the amounts 
due under the Certificates. 
B. 
FINANCIAL RISKS 
The risks described under this heading B. (“Financial risks”) have been categorised as financial risks. While all 
risks have a financial liability, financial risks are those which relate to financial controls and performance. 
Financial risks could adversely affect Dar Al-Arkan’s business, results of operations and financial condition. This 
introductory paragraph in italicised text forms part of the risk factors in this section but is not a risk factor itself. 
Further context on Dar Al-Arkan’s financial risks is set out below: 
Dar Al-Arkan’s business requires substantial capital investment and there can be no assurance that necessary 
financing will be available  
Dar Al-Arkan will require additional financing to fund capital expenditures and to support the future growth of 
its business. In particular, the relative lack of “off-plan” and “pre-finished” home sales in the Kingdom requires 
Dar Al-Arkan to rely to a certain extent on external financings through domestic and international banks and the 
capital markets to finance the development of its residential and commercial projects. Dar Al-Arkan’s ability to 
obtain external financing and the cost of such financing are dependent on numerous factors, including general 
economic and capital markets conditions, credit ratings, financing costs, credit availability from banks or other 
lenders, the success of Dar Al-Arkan’s business and tax and securities laws that may be applicable to capital 
raising activities. There can be no assurance that additional financing, either on a short-term or a long-term basis, 
will be made available or, if available, that such financing will be obtained on terms favourable to Dar Al-Arkan, 
including as a result of volatility in the credit or debt or equity capital markets, increases in interest and profit 
rates or a decline in the value of Dar Al-Arkan’s properties or other assets, which could have a material adverse 
effect on Dar Al-Arkan’s business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and prospects and may 
affect Dar Al-Arkan’s ability to make the relevant payments under the Transaction Documents to which it is a 
party which are necessary in order for the Trustee to pay the amounts due under the Certificates. 
Dar Al-Arkan’s increasing focus on master-planned communities significantly increases its financial exposure 
and demands on its operational execution  
If Dar Al-Arkan’s master-planned communities do not generate expected levels of revenues, Dar Al-Arkan may 
have difficulty satisfying its obligations under its financing arrangements and funding capital expenditures for 
current or planned development projects. In addition, due to the complexity and scale of these large projects, Dar 
Al-Arkan may encounter difficulties managing their development in line with its quality standards and within 
expected timeframes and budgets. Furthermore, it may take longer than expected to sell or lease all of the units 
on such large projects. The occurrence of any of the above factors could have a material adverse effect on Dar 
Al-Arkan’s business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and prospects and may affect Dar 
Al-Arkan’s ability to make the relevant payments under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party which 
are necessary in order for the Trustee to pay the amounts due under the Certificates. 
Dar Al-Arkan is exposed to interest and profit rate volatility and inflation 
Interest and profit rates are highly sensitive to factors beyond Dar Al-Arkan’s control, including the interest and 
profit rate and other monetary policies of governments and central banks in the jurisdictions in which it operates, 
where its customers and potential customers are located and in whose currencies it borrows or obtains financing. 
If interest and profit rates increase, Dar Al-Arkan will be obliged to pay a higher rate of interest or profit, as 
applicable, on its debt which is not subject to a fixed rate of interest or profit or which is not sufficiently hedged. 
Paying a higher rate of interest or profit on such debt would result in an increase in Dar Al-Arkan’s cost of 
operations and may have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, cash flows, results of 
operations and prospects and may affect Dar Al-Arkan’s ability to make the relevant payments under the 
Transaction Documents to which it is a party which are necessary in order for the Trustee to pay the amounts due 
under the Certificates. 
Interest and profit rates may also impact the attractiveness of real estate as an investment opportunity. Recently 
and, in particular following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, interest and profit rates set by central banks have been 
rising to counter the risk of rising inflation. Generally, when interest and profit rates increase, an investment in, 
or the demand for, real estate becomes less attractive. This is due to a number of factors, including the 
attractiveness of real estate as an alternative to traditional financial investment products, and because potential 
purchasers of units in the projects which Dar Al-Arkan develops could be deterred due to the resulting increase in

--- Page 20 ---
8 
 
 
the cost of mortgage funding. Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on Dar Al-Arkan’s 
business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and prospects and may affect Dar Al-Arkan’s ability 
to make the relevant payments under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party which are necessary in 
order for the Trustee to pay the amounts due under the Certificates. 
Inflation can also adversely affect Dar Al-Arkan’s business, for example by increasing the cost for materials and 
labour, which it may not be able to subsequently pass on to its customers. In addition, inflation is, as described 
above, often accompanied by higher interest and profit rates, which could have a negative impact on demand for 
its properties amongst potential investors and customers, and Dar Al-Arkan’s cost of funding its operations. Any 
increase in inflation in the future in the markets in which Dar Al-Arkan operates could have a material adverse 
effect on Dar Al-Arkan’s business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and prospects and may 
affect Dar Al-Arkan’s ability to make the relevant payments under the Transaction Documents to which it is a 
party which are necessary in order for the Trustee to pay the amounts due under the Certificates.  
Dar Al-Arkan’s revenue diversification strategy may not be successful 
Historically, Dar Al-Arkan’s business focused on buying and selling undeveloped land and planning and 
developing basic infrastructure for residential and commercial use, such as water, sewage, electricity and other 
utilities, as well as paved streets and sidewalks. In order to diversify Dar Al-Arkan’s revenue streams, this initial 
focus has evolved during Dar Al-Arkan’s history and now also involves the planning and developing of master 
communities, retaining residential and commercial properties for income generation purposes, as well as investing 
in companies that management believes are complementary to Dar Al-Arkan’s real estate development operations. 
Dar Al-Arkan’s current business model also involves a focus on international real estate development.  
However, there can be no assurance that Dar Al-Arkan’s revenue diversification strategy will be successful. For 
example, Dar Al-Arkan’s international real estate development operations may not be successful due to the 
presence of other well-established real estate developers in the markets in which it operates outside the Kingdom 
(see “—Competition in the real estate industry may increase”). Dar Al-Arkan’s strategic investments are also 
subject to a number of risks. For example, there is no certainty that dividends from such investments will be paid 
or as to the amount of any dividends that are paid and, in the event that Dar Al-Arkan wished to reduce or divest 
its shareholding in such companies completely, monetising these investments could be a lengthy process and there 
is no certainty as to the price which would be obtainable. 
Similarly, with respect to its property management business segment, there is no assurance that Dar Al-Arkan will 
be able to find suitable tenants on the terms and conditions it seeks, or at all. The financial stability of tenants may 
also change over time due to factors directly related to the tenants or the overall economy of the Kingdom, which 
could affect their ability to make lease payments. In addition, Dar Al-Arkan may also incur costs relating to 
retaining existing tenants and attracting new tenants, such as those relating to the renovation of properties to suit 
the needs of tenants. Any failure to find suitable tenants on the terms and conditions it seeks and to effectively 
manage rental properties could have a material adverse effect on Dar Al-Arkan’s business, financial condition, 
cash flows, results of operations and prospects and may affect Dar Al-Arkan’s ability to make the relevant 
payments under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party which are necessary in order for the Trustee to 
pay the amounts due under the Certificates. 
Dar Al-Arkan’s off-plan sales may expose it to reputational risks and liabilities 
Following the issuance of new regulations in January 2016 by the Ministry of Commerce permitting the sale of 
off-plan units in the Kingdom, Dar Al-Arkan launched the first phase of off-plan sales of units in the Shams Ar 
Riyadh development in May 2018, following which multiple subsequent phases were launched in 2020. 
Management intends to increase the proportion of off-plan sales completed by Dar Al-Arkan in the future to enable 
the business to utilise less internal cash as well as less project finance debt to finance projects. However, the 
completion of a given project is dependent on a number of factors, including macroeconomic conditions, timely 
delivery on the part of contractors and sub-contractors and the absence of any force majeure. If a project with pre-
sale commitments from customers is delayed or cancelled, customers may bring civil claims against Dar Al-
Arkan. In addition, if substantial parts of master-planned communities which contain amenities and conveniences 
such as retail areas, supermarkets, clinics and medical centres, schools and parks are delayed, cancelled or 
changed, customers who have acquired residential units in affected developments may not be able to enjoy the 
services or the overall environment which they may have expected when the project was originally launched. 
Delays in completion or cancellation of all or a portion of a project could also adversely affect Dar Al-Arkan’s 
reputation and ability to attract future customers. Any of the foregoing factors could have a material adverse effect 
on Dar Al-Arkan’s business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and prospects and may affect

--- Page 21 ---
9 
 
 
Dar Al-Arkan’s ability to make the relevant payments under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party 
which are necessary in order for the Trustee to pay the amounts due under the Certificates. 
Dar Al-Arkan is subject to financial and restrictive covenants under its outstanding financing arrangements 
and any failure to comply with these covenants could result in the acceleration of payments and the loss of 
certain real estate assets  
Dar Al-Arkan is subject to financial and restrictive covenants in certain of its outstanding financing arrangements. 
Furthermore, a portion of Dar Al-Arkan’s financing arrangements contain cross-default and cross-acceleration 
provisions. Failure to comply with the covenants and other restrictions under any of the outstanding financing 
arrangements could result in events of default which could cause an acceleration of Dar Al-Arkan’s payment 
obligations under the outstanding financing arrangements. If Dar Al-Arkan’s payment obligations under the 
financing arrangements were to be accelerated, there can be no assurance that Dar Al-Arkan’s assets and cash 
flow would be sufficient to pay in full all such payment obligations, or that Dar Al-Arkan would be able to obtain 
alternative financings, or if it were to obtain alternative financings, that they would be on terms that are favourable 
or acceptable to Dar Al-Arkan, which could have a material adverse effect on Dar Al-Arkan’s business, financial 
condition, cash flows, results of operations and prospects and may affect Dar Al-Arkan’s ability to make the 
relevant payments under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party which are necessary in order for the 
Trustee to pay the amounts due under the Certificates. 
For a more detailed discussion of Dar Al-Arkan’s outstanding financing arrangements, see the section below 
entitled “Financial Review–Borrowings”. 
Dar Al-Arkan will be subject to a number of restrictive covenants under the Transaction Documents to which 
it is a party which may restrict its business and financing activities, and a failure to comply with these covenants 
could result in the acceleration of its payment obligations under such Transaction Documents and its 
previously issued Certificates and other outstanding financing arrangements  
The Master Trust Deed includes a number of significant restrictive covenants. These covenants restrict, among 
other things, the ability of Dar Al-Arkan and its subsidiaries to incur additional indebtedness, pay dividends or 
make other distributions to shareholders, make certain investments, enter into arrangements that restrict dividends 
or other payments from subsidiaries, sell assets, including capital stock of subsidiaries, enter into transactions with 
affiliates, engage in different business activities, create liens on assets to secure debt, enter into sale and leaseback 
transactions and merge or consolidate with another company. 
These restrictions may negatively affect Dar Al-Arkan’s ability to react to changes in market conditions, take 
advantage of business opportunities that it believes to be desirable, obtain future financing, fund necessary capital 
expenditures or withstand a future downturn in its business. Furthermore, if Dar Al-Arkan and its subsidiaries are 
unable to comply with the covenants in the Master Trust Deed, it could result in a Dissolution Event under the 
Certificates of all Series outstanding at the relevant time which could cause an acceleration of Dar Al-Arkan’s 
payment obligations under those Certificates and other outstanding financing arrangements. If Dar Al-Arkan’s 
payment obligations under the Master Trust Deed or other financing arrangements were to be accelerated, there 
can be no assurance that Dar Al-Arkan’s assets and cash flow would be sufficient to pay in full all such payment 
obligations, or that Dar Al-Arkan would be able to obtain alternative financing to fund such payment, or if it were 
to obtain alternative financing, that such financing would be on terms that are favourable or acceptable to Dar 
Al-Arkan, which could have a material adverse effect on Dar Al-Arkan’s business, financial condition, cash flows, 
results of operations and prospects and may affect Dar Al-Arkan’s ability to make the relevant payments under 
the Transaction Documents to which it is a party which are necessary in order for the Trustee to pay the amounts 
due under the Certificates. For a more detailed discussion of the restrictions to which Dar Al-Arkan and its 
subsidiaries are subject under the Master Trust Deed, see “Summary of the Principal Transaction Documents—
Master Trust Deed”. 
Dar Al-Arkan may incur tax liabilities in respect of its undeveloped land  
On 24 November 2015, a tax (known as the White Land Tax) on vacant land in various municipalities across the 
Kingdom was approved pursuant to a Royal Decree. This tax, along with a tax on high-end properties, is intended 
to discourage investment in land solely for capital appreciation and speculative purposes. The law was introduced 
with the intention of encouraging expenditure on low-income and middle-income housing and increasing 
residential development. At a rate of 2.5 per cent., the White Land Tax has, since March 2017, been applied to 
undeveloped land plots of over 10,000 square metres located within approved master planned developments 
specified by the Ministry of Municipal and Rural Affairs and Housing (the MoMRAH). The MoMRAH is

--- Page 22 ---
10 
 
 
responsible for valuing the land and collecting the tax, in addition to imposing fines for non-compliance. Land 
valuation is based on factors including location, zone, surface condition, applicable building requirements, access 
to utilities and general neighbouring services. The application of the White Land Tax to serviced urban land is 
expected to address the supply side concerns by increasing the availability of land for development which 
otherwise would be lying vacant for speculative purposes.  
As of 31 December 2021, Dar Al-Arkan’s development properties consisted of SAR 19.65 billion (U.S.$5.24 
billion) including project lands and properties of SAR 14.01 billion (U.S.$3.74 billion), all of which was valued 
on its balance sheet at cost. The majority of Dar Al-Arkan’s development properties are geographically diversified 
within the Kingdom. 
In 2018, Dar Al-Arkan received an initial assessment notice for SAR 22 million on certain land parcels in Jeddah 
and Riyadh. Dar Al-Arkan filed an objection to the notice on the grounds of non-applicability, citing that the land 
parcels are under development. Dar Al-Arkan received an unconditional waiver for the Jeddah land tax amounting 
to SAR 13 million. Dar Al-Arkan has also since resolved the assessment with respect to the Riyadh land tax in 
connection with the Shams Ar Riyadh development. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, there were no other 
notices or demands from the relevant authorities for payment of any land taxes by Dar Al-Arkan.  
There can be no assurance that Dar Al-Arkan will not be liable for significant future tax liabilities, which could 
have a material adverse effect on Dar Al-Arkan’s business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations 
and prospects and may affect Dar Al-Arkan’s ability to make the relevant payments under the Transaction 
Documents to which it is a party which are necessary in order for the Trustee to pay the amounts due under the 
Certificates. 
C. 
LEGAL AND REGULATORY RISKS 
The risks described under this heading C. (“Legal and regulatory risks”) have been categorised as legal and 
regulatory risks. Legal and regulatory risk is the risk of loss or reputational damage resulting from an inability 
to maintain compliance with the prevailing legal and regulatory environment established in the jurisdictions in 
which Dar Al-Arkan operates. Legal and regulatory risks could adversely affect Dar Al-Arkan’s business, results 
of operations and financial condition. This introductory paragraph in italicised text forms part of the risk factors 
in this section but is not a risk factor itself. 
Further context on Dar Al-Arkan’s legal and regulatory risks is set out below: 
Failure to obtain and comply with regulatory approvals could result in interruption or termination of Dar 
Al-Arkan’s development projects  
Dar Al-Arkan is required to obtain zoning, building, occupancy and certain other regulatory approvals for its 
development projects. There can be no assurance that all regulatory approvals in connection with existing or 
proposed development projects will be obtained in a timely manner, or at all. Furthermore, the terms of regulatory 
approvals could impose unanticipated conditions and costs on development projects. In addition, violation of the 
terms of any such regulatory approvals may lead to their cancellation, withdrawal, suspension or the imposition 
of financial and/or non-financial penalties by relevant authorities. Any of the above factors may result in the 
interruption or termination of Dar Al-Arkan’s development projects, which could have a material adverse effect 
on Dar Al-Arkan’s business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and prospects and may affect 
Dar Al-Arkan’s ability to make the relevant payments under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party 
which are necessary in order for the Trustee to pay the amounts due under the Certificates. 
Dar Al-Arkan is subject to a range of environmental and health and safety laws and regulations  
Dar Al-Arkan has adopted safety standards to comply with applicable laws and regulations in the countries in 
which it does business. In addition, safety requirements are contractually agreed to by Dar Al-Arkan’s contractors. 
If Dar Al-Arkan and/or one or more of its contractors or subcontractors failed to comply with the relevant 
standards, any of them may be liable to penalties and the business and/or reputation of Dar Al-Arkan might be 
materially and adversely affected, which could have a material adverse effect on Dar Al-Arkan’s business, 
financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and prospects and may affect Dar Al-Arkan’s ability to make 
the relevant payments under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party which are necessary in order for the 
Trustee to pay the amounts due under the Certificates. 
Dar Al-Arkan seeks to ensure that it complies with all applicable environmental laws. While Dar Al-Arkan 
believes that it is in compliance with applicable environmental laws, there can be no assurance that Dar Al-Arkan

--- Page 23 ---
11 
 
 
will not be subject to environmental liability. If an environmental liability arises in relation to any project owned 
or operated by Dar Al-Arkan and it is not remedied or not capable of being remedied, or is required to be remedied 
at the cost of Dar Al-Arkan, this could have a material adverse effect on Dar Al-Arkan’s business, financial 
condition, cash flows, results of operations and prospects and may affect Dar Al-Arkan’s ability to make the 
relevant payments under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party which are necessary in order for the 
Trustee to pay the amounts due under the Certificates. Moreover, it may result in a reduction of the value of the 
relevant project or property or affect the ability of Dar Al-Arkan to dispose of such project or property. 
In addition, any amendments to the existing laws and regulations relating to health and safety and environmental 
standards may impose more burdensome and costlier requirements and Dar Al-Arkan’s compliance with such 
laws or regulations may require it to incur significant capital expenditure or other obligations or liabilities, which 
could have a material adverse effect on Dar Al-Arkan’s business, financial condition, cash flows, results of 
operations and prospects and may affect Dar Al-Arkan’s ability to make the relevant payments under the 
Transaction Documents to which it is a party which are necessary in order for the Trustee to pay the amounts due 
under the Certificates. 
Legislative and regulatory changes in the Kingdom may adversely affect Dar Al-Arkan’s operations 
Dar Al-Arkan’s activities are subject to the laws of the Kingdom, including the Ministry of Commerce’s and the 
Ministry of Investment’s regulations and the laws of other countries where it has operations. Laws and regulations 
that are applied to Dar Al-Arkan may change from time to time. Changes in such laws and regulations could 
impose restrictions on the development, sale or lease of Dar Al-Arkan’s properties, as well as result in 
unanticipated costs. The occurrence of any of the above could have a material adverse effect on Dar Al-Arkan’s 
business, prospects, financial conditions, cash flows, results of operations and prospects and may affect Dar 
Al-Arkan’s ability to make the relevant payments under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party which 
are necessary in order for the Trustee to pay the amounts due under the Certificates. 
In addition, a number of the laws in the Kingdom relating to real property and real property rights have recently 
been adopted or are in the process of being adopted and the manner in which those laws and related regulations 
are applied to Dar Al-Arkan is still evolving. For example, in October 2020, the Government decreed that real 
estate transactions in the Kingdom were to be exempted from value added tax as of 4 October 2020 and, instead, 
be subject to a real estate transaction tax at a rate of 5 per cent. (see “Overview of the Real Estate Sector in the 
Kingdom—Value Added Tax and Real Estate Transaction Tax”).  
In recent years, the Government has implemented a number of initiatives aimed at boosting the real estate sector 
(see “Overview of the Real Estate Sector in the Kingdom”). Most recently, the Government announced in April 
2022 certain proposed amendments to the Foreign Ownership and Investment in Real Estate Regulations issued 
under Royal Decree No. M/15 dated 17/4/1421H (corresponding to 19 July 2000) (the Real Estate Ownership 
and Investment Law). These proposed amendments are designed to increase investment and ownership in the 
real estate sector in the Kingdom amongst non-Saudi nationals and non-Saudi owned businesses. Following the 
completion of a public consultation process in May 2022 with respect to the proposed amendments, it is 
anticipated that such amendments will be implemented towards the end of 2022. This new initiative is expected 
to have a positive impact on Dar Al-Arkan’s business. However, no assurance can be given that the 
implementation of this or similar initiatives implemented by the Government will benefit Dar Al-Arkan, and no 
assurance can be given that current or new laws and regulations will be adopted, enforced or interpreted in a 
manner that will not have a material adverse effect on Dar Al-Arkan’s business, financial condition, cash flows, 
results of operations and prospects and may affect Dar Al-Arkan’s ability to make the relevant payments under 
the Transaction Documents to which it is a party which are necessary in order for the Trustee to pay the amounts 
due under the Certificates (see also “Macroeconomic and geopolitical risks—The Government’s efforts to 
diversify the Kingdom’s economy and effect structural changes may have undesirable effects”).  
In addition, no assurance can be given that the Kingdom will not implement new regulations or fiscal or monetary 
policies, including those relating to or affecting taxation, interest and profit rates or exchange controls, or 
otherwise take actions which could have a material adverse effect on Dar Al-Arkan’s business, financial condition, 
cash flows, results of operations and prospects and may affect Dar Al-Arkan’s ability to make the relevant 
payments under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party which are necessary in order for the Trustee to 
pay the amounts due under the Certificates.

--- Page 24 ---
12 
 
 
Dar Al-Arkan may not be able to cooperate with the municipal government of Jeddah in a manner that ensures 
the efficient development and financial success of the Qasr Khozam land development project 
Dar Al-Arkan’s Qasr Khozam land development project is being developed pursuant to an agreement between 
Dar Al-Arkan and the Jeddah Development and Urban Regeneration Company, an instrumentality of the 
municipal government of Jeddah. There can be no assurance that Dar Al-Arkan and the municipal government of 
Jeddah will be able to cooperate in a manner that ensures the efficient operation and financial success of the Qasr 
Khozam land development project. The municipal government of Jeddah may have economic interests or business 
goals that are inconsistent with Dar Al-Arkan’s, be unable or unwilling to fulfil its obligations under the agreement 
with Dar Al-Arkan, or experience financial or other difficulties. The occurrence of any of the above could 
jeopardise the success of the Qasr Khozam land development project, which could have a material adverse effect 
on Dar Al-Arkan’s business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and prospects and may affect 
Dar Al-Arkan’s ability to make the relevant payments under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party 
which are necessary in order for the Trustee to pay the amounts due under the Certificates. 
Dar Al-Arkan is subject to risks relating to legal and regulatory proceedings 
In the ordinary course of its business, Dar Al-Arkan is subject to risks relating to legal and regulatory proceedings. 
Litigation and regulatory proceedings are unpredictable and legal or regulatory proceedings in which Dar 
Al-Arkan is or becomes involved (or settlements thereof) could have a material adverse effect on Dar Al-Arkan’s 
business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and prospects and may affect Dar Al-Arkan’s ability 
to make the relevant payments under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party which are necessary in 
order for the Trustee to pay the amounts due under the Certificates. 
D. 
MACROECONOMIC AND GEOPOLITICAL RISKS 
The risks described under this heading D. (“Macroeconomic and geopolitical risks”) have been categorised as 
macroeconomic and geopolitical risks. Macroeconomic and geopolitical risk is the risk of loss which arises as a 
result of changes in the prevailing macroeconomic environment and the performance of financial markets 
generally or as a result of a deterioration in geopolitical conditions in the jurisdictions in which Dar Al-Arkan 
operates. Macroeconomic and geopolitical risks could adversely affect Dar Al-Arkan’s business, results of 
operations and financial condition. This introductory paragraph in italicised text forms part of the risk factors in 
this section but is not a risk factor itself. 
Further context on Dar Al-Arkan’s macroeconomic and geopolitical risks is set out below: 
Risks relating to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic 
The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has had a significant adverse impact on global growth rates and investor 
sentiment, resulting in volatility in the global capital markets, reducing international trade and impacting 
commodity prices. The restrictions imposed on travel and public transport, requirements for people to remain at 
home and practice social distancing, and prolonged closures of workplaces impacted trade and transportation of 
goods and severely disrupted the global economy, particularly in 2020. This impact of the COVID-19 pandemic 
has, at times since it was first detected, caused volatility in equity and bond markets, resulted in high levels of 
unemployment and, in 2020, materially negatively impacted global demand for oil and oil prices. It also had a 
material negative impact on global economic growth rates, and adversely impacted the Kingdom’s GDP, in 2020. 
For example, in its April 2022 World Economic Outlook, the IMF estimated that global real GDP declined by 3.1 
per cent. in 2020 and that real GDP in the Kingdom declined by 4.1 per cent. in 2020. 
In 2020, the Government took a number of temporary precautionary and preventative measures to contain the 
disease, including suspending all international flights, requiring citizens to remain at home and practice social 
distancing, closing commercial markets and malls save for pharmacies and food supply activities, imposing 
curfews in several cities, and banning citizens, residents and visitors from performing the Umrah. These measures 
have subsequently been relaxed and/or removed. Depending on any resurgence of the disease (including, for 
example, as a result of the emergence of more transmissible strains such as the “Omicron” variant or future 
vaccine-resistant strains), some or all of the containment measures may need to be reinstated from time to time 
and it is not currently possible to determine whether, for how long and the extent to which any such measures may 
be imposed. In addition, while the Kingdom has administered enough vaccinations to fully vaccinate 
approximately 94 per cent. of the population according to the World Health Organization as of April 2022, the 
effectiveness of the vaccines available to combat future variations of the disease and the ability of the authorities 
in the Kingdom to maintain vaccination rates in the future is unclear and difficult to predict, which may also

--- Page 25 ---
13 
 
 
necessitate precautionary and preventative measures being imposed in the future, which could negatively affect 
the Kingdom’s economy. 
During the year ended 31 December 2020, Dar Al-Arkan’s operations in the Kingdom suffered extensively due 
to restrictions imposed by the Government to combat the spread of COVID-19. These restrictions required Dar 
Al-Arkan to temporarily close its administrative offices and commercial units, including full and partial closures 
of Al-Qasr Mall. In order to support its commercial tenants, Dar Al-Arkan announced rent discounts for those 
tenants that were forced to temporarily close during these lock-down periods. The total value of such rental 
discounts extended to Dar Al-Arkan’s commercial tenants amounted to SAR 16.72 million (U.S.$4.46 million) in 
the year ended 31 December 2020.  
Any measures imposed in the future to combat the effects of a resurgence of COVID-19 or a related pandemic 
disease in the markets in which Dar Al-Arkan operates could result in a worsening of the effects of the pandemic 
on Dar Al-Arkan’s business, cash flows, results of operations and prospects described above. Accordingly, the 
exposure of Dar Al-Arkan to these factors could have a material adverse effect on Dar Al-Arkan’s business, 
financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and prospects and may affect Dar Al-Arkan’s ability to make 
the relevant payments under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party which are necessary in order for the 
Trustee to pay the amounts due under the Certificates. 
The ongoing military action between Russia and Ukraine could adversely affect Dar Al-Arkan’s business, 
financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and prospects 
On 24 February 2022, Russian military forces invaded Ukraine and, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
conflict is still ongoing. Although the length, impact and outcome of the conflict in Ukraine is highly 
unpredictable, this conflict has resulted in, and could lead to further, significant market and other disruptions, 
including significant volatility in commodity prices due to the impact on the supply of energy resources and other 
commodities, instability in financial markets, supply chain interruptions, political and social instability, changes 
in consumer or purchaser preferences as well as an increase in cyberattacks and espionage.  
Russia’s recognition of two separatist republics in the Donetsk and Luhansk regions of Ukraine and subsequent 
military action against Ukraine have led to an unprecedented expansion of sanctions programmes imposed by the 
United States, the European Union, the UK, Canada, Switzerland, Japan and other countries against Russia, 
Belarus, the Crimea Region of Ukraine, the so-called Donetsk People’s Republic and the so-called Luhansk 
People’s Republic. Such sanctions programmes have included imposing blocking sanctions against some of the 
largest state-owned and private Russian financial institutions (and their subsequent removal from the Society for 
Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (“SWIFT”) payment system) and certain Russian businesses, 
some of which have significant financial and trade ties to the European Union, and against Russian and Belarusian 
individuals, including the Russian President, other politicians and those with government connections or involved 
in Russian military activities, in addition to imposing restrictions on Russia’s foreign currency reserves, as well 
as limitations on investments and access to capital markets and bans on various Russian imports.  
In retaliation against new international sanctions and as part of measures to stabilise and support the volatile 
Russian financial and currency markets, the Russian authorities also imposed significant currency control 
measures aimed at restricting the outflow of foreign currency and capital from Russia, imposed various restrictions 
on transacting with non-Russian parties, banned exports of various products and other economic and financial 
restrictions. The situation is rapidly evolving as a result of the conflict in Ukraine, and the United States, the 
European Union, the UK and other countries may implement additional sanctions, export controls or other 
measures against Russia, Belarus and other countries, regions, officials, individuals or industries in the respective 
territories.  
Although, to date, Dar Al-Arkan has not experienced any material interruptions in its infrastructure, supplies, 
technology systems or networks needed to support its operations, the sanctions programmes and other measures 
imposed on Russia and the other parties described above, as well as the existing and potential further responses 
from Russia or any of those other parties to such sanctions, as well as any increase in political tensions and military 
actions, could adversely affect the global economy and financial markets and could, as a result, adversely affect 
the demand for Dar Al-Arkan’s properties or the value of its investments which could, in turn, have a material 
adverse effect on Dar Al-Arkan’s business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and prospects 
and may affect Dar Al-Arkan’s ability to make the relevant payments under the Transaction Documents to which 
it is a party which are necessary in order for the Trustee to pay the amounts due under the Certificates.

--- Page 26 ---
14 
 
 
The success of Dar Al-Arkan’s business is dependent on a number of factors affecting the real estate market 
that are beyond its control  
Dar Al-Arkan conducts the majority of its activities in the Kingdom and its future performance is therefore 
dependent on a number of economic and other factors relating to the Kingdom that are beyond its control. Dar 
Al-Arkan’s revenue and net income are principally based on demand for real estate in the Kingdom. Such demand 
is affected by economic conditions in the Kingdom and global economic conditions that affect the economy of 
the Kingdom. Adverse economic developments in the Kingdom could cause a loss of investor confidence, a 
decrease in consumer purchasing power and unanticipated changes in the Kingdom’s demographic mix, any or 
all of which may negatively impact the real estate market in the Kingdom and reduce demand for Dar Al-Arkan’s 
properties.  
In addition, property values and rental rates are affected by factors such as political developments, regulations of 
the Government, planning laws, tax laws, interest and profit rate levels, inflation, wage rates, levels of 
unemployment and the availability of credit. The demand for real estate particularly in the Kingdom has 
historically been supported by a number of factors, including Government initiatives aimed at growing the middle 
class and promoting an affordable home financing industry. Any negative change in such trends could negatively 
affect demand for real estate in the Kingdom and the prices at which Dar Al-Arkan can sell its land development 
projects and sell and/or let residential units. Many countries in the GCC region have experienced significant 
volatility in their real estate markets in recent years. Dar Al-Arkan cannot assure investors that similar volatility 
will not be experienced in the Kingdom in the future. Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on 
Dar Al-Arkan’s business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and prospects and may affect Dar 
Al-Arkan’s ability to make the relevant payments under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party which 
are necessary in order for the Trustee to pay the amounts due under the Certificates. 
Real estate investments are illiquid 
Because real estate investments are generally illiquid, and due to the cyclicality of real estate markets, Dar 
Al-Arkan’s ability to promptly sell one or more of its projects in response to changing political, economic, 
financial and investment conditions is limited. The real estate market is affected by many factors that are beyond 
Dar Al-Arkan’s control. In addition, to the extent that Dar Al-Arkan requires third party funding to develop its 
projects, it may be required to grant a mortgage over certain projects, or parts thereof, to secure its payment 
obligations, which could preclude Dar Al-Arkan from selling such projects or affected residential units in the 
event of a default under such financing arrangements. There can be no assurance that the sale of units in any of 
Dar Al-Arkan’s projects will be at a price which reflects the most recent valuation of the relevant project, 
particularly if Dar Al-Arkan is forced to sell in adverse economic conditions. Any of these factors could have a 
material adverse effect on Dar Al-Arkan’s business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and 
prospects and may affect Dar Al-Arkan’s ability to make the relevant payments under the Transaction Documents 
to which it is a party which are necessary in order for the Trustee to pay the amounts due under the Certificates. 
The Kingdom’s economy is highly dependent upon revenues from oil  
The hydrocarbon industry is the single largest contributor to the Kingdom’s economy and oil revenues account 
for a majority of the Government’s total revenues and export earnings. According to GASTAT, the oil sector 
accounted for 40.4 per cent. and 41.5 per cent. of the Kingdom’s real GDP, and 23.2 per cent. and 31.2 per cent. 
of the Kingdom’s nominal GDP in 2020 and 2019, respectively, while oil revenues accounted for an estimated 
58.2 per cent. and 52.8 per cent. of total Government revenues in the fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively. Oil 
exports accounted for 73.2 per cent., 68.7 per cent., 76.6 per cent. and 78.7 per cent. of the Kingdom’s total exports 
by value in 2021, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.  
Historically, the price of oil has been volatile and over the past two decades international oil prices have fluctuated 
significantly. For example, the OPEC Reference Basket price (a weighted average of prices per barrel for 
petroleum blends produced by OPEC) declined from a monthly average of U.S.$107.89 in June 2014 to a monthly 
average of U.S.$26.50 in January 2016, before partially recovering to a monthly average of U.S.$62.92 in June 
2019. In 2020, the yearly average OPEC Reference Basket price was U.S.$41.47, reflecting a sharp fall in April 
2020 (driven by OPEC actions and significantly reduced demand as a result of COVID-19 and a slow recovery 
throughout the remainder of the year). Oil prices generally rose over the course of 2021 and the average OPEC 
Reference Basket price for 2021 was U.S.$77.97. More recently, since the beginning of 2022, global oil prices 
have risen sharply, particularly as a result of supply concerns following the Russian invasion of Ukraine in 
February 2022, following which the average monthly OPEC Reference Basket price for March 2022 rose to

--- Page 27 ---
15 
 
 
U.S.$113.48. The price per barrel of Arabian Light Crude Oil (which is produced by the Kingdom and constitutes 
part of the OPEC Reference Basket) has also generally moved in line with these trends. 
Oil prices are likely to remain volatile in future years. In general, international prices for crude oil are affected by 
the economic and political developments in oil-producing regions, particularly the Middle East and Russia; 
changes in announced production levels; macro-economic or other factors impacting demand; the availability of 
new technologies and alternative energy sources; and the global climate and other relevant conditions. Further 
volatility in oil prices may have an adverse effect on the Kingdom’s GDP growth, Government revenues, balance 
of payments and foreign trade and future volatility in the price of oil and/or the quantity of oil produced by the 
Kingdom could adversely affect the Kingdom’s economy as a whole.  
Any factors which adversely affect the Kingdom’s economy could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on Dar 
Al-Arkan’s business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and prospects and may affect Dar Al-
Arkan’s ability to make the relevant payments under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party which are 
necessary in order for the Trustee to pay the amounts due under the Certificates. 
Dar Al-Arkan’s business operations are subject to general risks related to the Kingdom and the Middle East  
Dar Al-Arkan conducts the majority of its activities in the Kingdom and its operating results are therefore affected 
by general economic, social and political developments in the Kingdom. The economy of the Kingdom, like those 
of many emerging markets, has been characterised by significant Government involvement through direct 
ownership of enterprises and extensive regulation of market conditions, including limitations on foreign 
investment, foreign trade and financial services. In addition, the Kingdom has historically had a relatively high 
unemployment rate among Saudi nationals. Based on estimates of GASTAT’s Labor Force Survey 2021, as of 31 
December 2021, the unemployment rate among Saudi nationals was 11 per cent., comprising an unemployment 
rate of 5.2 per cent. among Saudi males and 22.5 per cent. among Saudi females. Despite recent Government 
initiatives directed at deregulation, growth of the private sector of the economy, expansion of financial services 
and increased employment among Saudi nationals, the Government continues to exercise significant influence 
over many aspects of the Kingdom’s economy, the private sector of the economy remains relatively undeveloped 
and unemployment among Saudi nationals remains relatively high. 
Similar to other countries in the Middle East, the Kingdom could be affected by political and social unrest in the 
region. Several countries in the region are currently subject to armed conflicts and/or social and political unrest, 
including conflicts or disturbances in Afghanistan, Yemen, Syria, Libya and Iraq. In some instances, the recent 
and ongoing conflicts are a continuation of the significant political and military upheaval experienced by certain 
regional countries from 2011 onwards, commonly referred to as the ‘Arab Spring’, which gave rise to several 
instances of regime change and increased political uncertainty across the region. Furthermore, in March 2015, a 
coalition of countries, led by the Kingdom and supported by the international community, commenced military 
action against the Al-Houthi rebels in Yemen. Although the coalition scaled back its military operations in Yemen 
in March 2016 and a ceasefire was declared in April 2016, the conflict in Yemen is not yet fully resolved, and 
military operations continue at a reduced scale. The Kingdom has been targeted on several occasions by ballistic 
missiles fired by the Al-Houthi rebels in Yemen since 2017, most of which were successfully intercepted by the 
Kingdom’s defence systems. The more recent attacks in 2021 by the Al-Houthi rebels targeted civilians, including 
at the airport in Abha and in residential areas of Dammam, and there can be no assurance that the conflict in 
Yemen will not continue or escalate further. Additionally, on 14 September 2019, the Abqaiq processing facility 
and the Khurais oil field in the Kingdom were damaged in a major act of sabotage, which resulted in the partial 
and temporary interruption of some of the Kingdom’s oil and gas production. The Al-Houthi rebels claimed 
responsibility for this incident, although this claim has not been verified and has been disputed. On 23 November 
2020, an explosion took place as a result of a terrorist attack by a projectile, causing a fire in a fuel tank at a Saudi 
Aramco petroleum products distribution terminal in the north of Jeddah and, in March 2022, an oil storage facility 
in Jeddah was attacked causing a significant fire. While there were no casualties nor any interruption to Saudi 
Aramco’s fuel supplies as a result of the attack, there can be no assurance as to the impact such acts of terrorism 
and sabotage may have on the geopolitical situation in the region, including any potential escalation of tensions. 
In addition, the Kingdom has experienced terrorist attacks and other disturbances in recent years, including 
incidents in Jeddah, Medina and Qatif in July 2016 and the acts of sabotage discussed above. There can be no 
assurance that extremists or terrorist groups will not attempt to target the Kingdom or commit or attempt to commit 
violent acts in the future. Any occurrences or escalation of terrorist incidents or other disturbances in the Kingdom 
could have an adverse impact on the economy in the Kingdom.

--- Page 28 ---
16 
 
 
Tensions have persisted between the Kingdom and Iran, as exemplified in January 2016 by the Kingdom recalling 
its ambassador to Iran. In addition, on 8 May 2018, the United States announced its withdrawal from the Joint 
Comprehensive Plan of Action (the JCPOA) between the United Nations (the UN) Security Council’s five 
permanent members plus Germany and Iran that was reached in July 2015, reinstating the United States’ nuclear 
sanctions on the Iranian regime. The United States also announced that it would not renew exceptional waivers 
for importing Iranian oil for several oil-importing countries, effective from May 2019, and on 3 January 2020, the 
United States carried out a military strike which killed a senior Iranian military commander. As a result of this 
military strike, Iran launched missile attacks on United States’ forces based in Iraq. In May 2021, the United States 
government initiated negotiations to re-join the JCPOA and bring Iran back into compliance with the terms 
thereof, which could result in the lifting of some United States’ sanctions against Iran, although the outcome of 
those negotiations, and their effect on any easing of United States’ sanctions against Iran, remain uncertain. Any 
continuation or escalation of international or regional tensions regarding Iran, including further attacks on, or 
seizures of, oil tankers which disrupt international trade, including any impairment of trade flow through the Strait 
of Hormuz, or any military conflict, could have a destabilising impact on the Gulf region, including with respect 
to the Kingdom and its ability to export oil. 
These geopolitical events may contribute to instability in the Middle East and surrounding regions (that may or 
may not directly involve the Kingdom) and may have a material adverse effect on the Kingdom’s attractiveness 
for foreign investment and capital, its ability to engage in international trade and, subsequently, its economy and 
financial condition, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on Dar Al-Arkan’s business. 
Investors should also be aware that investing in emerging markets such as the Kingdom entails greater risks than 
investing in more developed markets, including risks such as political, social and economic issues, acts of warfare 
and violence, governmental actions or interventions, including embargoes, tariffs, protectionism, subsidies, 
expropriation of assets and cancellation of contractual rights, changes in, or in the interpretation, application or 
enforcement of, law and regulation, difficulties and delays in obtaining new permits and consents for Dar 
Al-Arkan’s operations or renewing existing ones and potential lack of reliability as to title to real property. 
The foregoing factors could have a material adverse effect on Dar Al-Arkan’s business, financial condition, cash 
flows, results of operations and prospects and may affect Dar Al-Arkan’s ability to make the relevant payments 
under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party which are necessary in order for the Trustee to pay the 
amounts due under the Certificates. 
The Government’s efforts to diversify the Kingdom’s economy and effect structural changes may have 
undesirable effects  
In recent years, the Government has sought to implement far-reaching reforms of the Kingdom’s economy and 
society. Some of the measures envisaged include the greater participation of Saudi citizens in the private sector, 
a decrease in certain subsidies historically available to the fuel and energy sectors, as well as the imposition of 
new taxes and administrative fees, for example the introduction of value added tax in January 2018 at a rate of 5 
per cent., which was subsequently increased to 15 per cent. as of July 2020. The implementation of these and 
other similar measures may be a lengthy and complex process, and there can be no assurance that these measures 
will not have unexpected or undesirable consequences in the Kingdom. The implementation of these and other 
similar measures, in whole or in part, may have an adverse effect on the macroeconomic environment in the 
Kingdom, which could have a material adverse effect on Dar Al-Arkan’s business, financial condition, cash flows, 
results of operations and prospects and may affect Dar Al-Arkan’s ability to make the relevant payments under 
the Transaction Documents to which it is a party which are necessary in order for the Trustee to pay the amounts 
due under the Certificates. 
There can be no assurance that the Government’s efforts to diversify the Kingdom’s economy will be successful  
While the oil sector contributes to a significant portion of the Kingdom’s economy, in recent years the Government 
has invested heavily in diversifying the Kingdom’s economy to reduce its reliance on oil revenues. In light of the 
ongoing volatility affecting global oil prices and, in turn, Government revenues, in addition to the impact of the 
COVID-19 pandemic on the Kingdom’s finances, the objective of economic diversification in the Kingdom has 
taken on greater significance for the Government, and the Government has in recent years announced various 
measures aimed at, among other things, achieving increased diversification of the Kingdom’s economy, including 
the NTP.  
While the contribution of the non-oil sector to the Kingdom’s economy is gradually increasing on the basis of 
recent trends, oil exports and oil-related revenues still constitute a high proportion of the Kingdom’s total export

--- Page 29 ---
17 
 
 
earnings and Government revenues, respectively. There can be no assurance that the contribution of the non-oil 
sector to the Kingdom’s economy will continue to increase in the future or that it will continue to a sufficient 
extent to achieve effective and adequate diversification of the economy. In addition, the increase in the 
contribution of the non-oil sector to Government revenues and total exports in recent years can also be partially 
attributed to the decline in global oil prices between mid-2014 until mid-2021 and the consequent significant 
decrease in Government revenues and export earnings attributable to the oil sector. This trend can also be 
attributed to structural reforms enacted under the Government’s fiscal consolidation measures including 
adjustments of visa and municipality fees, the implementation of expat levies and the application of excise taxes 
on certain potentially harmful products including tobacco, tobacco derivatives, soft drinks, energy drinks, 
sweetened beverages, electronic smoking appliances and liquids used in those devices. Such measures may be 
subject to change in the future and there can be no assurance that such measures will have the intended effects on 
Government revenues or the Kingdom’s economy more generally or that such measures will continue to result in 
increases to non-oil revenues. 
Furthermore, there can be no assurance that the Government will be able to successfully implement the Kingdom’s 
long-term diversification plan (Vision 2030) or the NTP in their current form, or that their implementation will 
be in line with the timelines originally set out. Any amendment to the scope or timing of the implementation of 
the objectives of Vision 2030 or the NTP, and any failure to do so, in whole or in part, may result in the 
Government being unable to achieve the diversification of the economy and its sources of revenue to the required 
extent (see “Overview of the Kingdom”). Additionally, to the extent that a prolonged decline in oil prices has an 
adverse impact on Government revenues, this may in turn adversely impact the Government’s ability to invest in 
the diversification of the Kingdom’s economy. A failure to diversify the Kingdom’s economy may result in its 
economy remaining susceptible to the risks associated with the oil sector, and any downturn in the oil sector could 
result in a slowdown of the entire economy, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on Dar Al-Arkan’s 
business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and prospects and may affect Dar Al-Arkan’s ability 
to make the relevant payments under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party which are necessary in 
order for the Trustee to pay the amounts due under the Certificates.  
RISK FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE TRUSTEE’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
IN RESPECT OF CERTIFICATES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
The Trustee was incorporated under the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands on 11 April 2013 as 
an exempted company with limited liability. The Trustee has not engaged, and will not engage in, any business 
activity other than the issuance of Certificates under the Programme, the acquisition of the Trust Assets as 
described herein, acting in the capacity as Trustee and other activities incidental or related to the foregoing as 
required under the Transaction Documents. 
The Trustee’s only material assets, in respect of each Series, which will be held on trust for the Certificateholders, 
will be the Trust Assets relating to such Series, including the obligation of Dar Al-Arkan to make payments to the 
Trustee under the relevant Transaction Documents. The ability of the Trustee to pay amounts due on the 
Certificates will primarily be dependent upon receipt by the Trustee from Dar Al-Arkan of all amounts due under 
the Transaction Documents to which it is a party (which in aggregate may not be sufficient to meet all claims 
under the relevant Certificates and the Transaction Documents in the event that Dar Al-Arkan does not fully 
perform its obligations thereunder). Therefore, the Trustee is subject to all the risks to which Dar Al-Arkan is 
subject to the extent that such risks could limit Dar Al-Arkan’s ability to satisfy in full and on a timely basis its 
obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party. See “—Risk Factors that may affect Dar Al-
Arkan’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party” above for a further 
description of these risks. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE LEASE ASSETS  
Limitations relating to the indemnity provisions under the Purchase Undertaking and the Master Trust Deed 
Dar Al-Arkan has undertaken in the Purchase Undertaking and the Master Trust Deed that: 
(a) 
if, at the time of delivery of the exercise notice in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase 
Undertaking, Dar Al-Arkan Real Estate Development Company remains in actual or constructive 
possession, custody or control of all or any part of the Lease Assets, the Certificateholder Put Right Lease 
Assets, the Change of Control Put Right Lease Assets or the Tangibility Event Put Right Lease Assets 
(each as defined in the Purchase Undertaking), as the case may be; and

--- Page 30 ---
18 
 
 
(b) 
if, following delivery of the exercise notice in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase 
Undertaking, the relevant Exercise Price, Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price, Change of Control 
Put Right Exercise Price or Tangibility Event Put Right Exercise Price (each as defined in the Purchase 
Undertaking), as the case may be, is not paid in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase 
Undertaking for any reason whatsoever,  
Dar Al-Arkan shall (as an independent, severable and separately enforceable obligation) fully indemnify the 
Trustee for the purpose of redemption in full of the Certificates then outstanding or the Certificateholder Put Right 
Certificates, the Change of Control Put Right Certificates or the Tangibility Event Put Right Certificates (each as 
defined in the Purchase Undertaking), as the case may be, and, accordingly, the amount payable under any such 
indemnity claim will equal the Exercise Price, the Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price, the Change of 
Control Put Right Exercise Price or the Tangibility Event Put Right Exercise Price, as the case may be. 
Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions in (a) and (b) as described above, if Dar Al-Arkan fails to pay the 
Exercise Price, the Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price, the Change of Control Put Right Exercise Price or 
the Tangibility Event Put Right Exercise Price, as the case may be, in accordance with the Purchase Undertaking, 
the Delegate (on behalf of the Certificateholders) may, subject to the matters set out in Condition 15 and the terms 
of the Master Trust Deed, seek to enforce, inter alia, the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking and the Master 
Trust Deed against Dar Al-Arkan by commencing legal proceedings. 
However, investors should note that, in the event that Dar Al-Arkan Real Estate Development Company does not 
remain in actual or constructive possession, custody or control of, all or any part of the relevant Lease Assets, 
Certificateholder Put Right Lease Assets, Change of Control Put Right Lease Assets or Tangibility Event Put 
Right Lease Assets, as the case may be, at the time of delivery of the exercise notice in accordance with the 
provisions of the Purchase Undertaking, the condition in (a) as described above will not be satisfied and, therefore, 
no amounts will be payable by Dar Al-Arkan under the separate indemnity provisions.  
Accordingly, in such event, the Delegate (on behalf of the Certificateholders) may be required to establish that 
there has been a breach of contract by Dar Al-Arkan in order to prove for damages. Such breach of contract may 
be due to: (i) a breach by Dar Al-Arkan of the requirement to purchase the Trustee’s rights, title, interest, benefits 
and entitlements in, to and under the relevant Lease Assets, Certificateholder Put Right Lease Assets, Change of 
Control Put Right Lease Assets or Tangibility Event Put Right Lease Assets, as the case may be, on the relevant 
Dissolution Date pursuant to the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking; and/or (ii) a breach by Dar Al-Arkan 
(acting in its capacity as lessee pursuant to the provisions of the Master Lease Agreement) of its undertaking to 
maintain actual or constructive possession, custody or control of all of the Lease Assets. 
As a result, the Delegate (on behalf of the Certificateholders) may not be able to recover, or may face significant 
challenges in recovering, an amount equal to the relevant Exercise Price, Certificateholder Put Right Exercise 
Price, Change of Control Put Right Exercise Price or Tangibility Event Put Right Exercise Price, as the case may 
be, and in turn, the amount payable to the Certificateholders upon redemption. 
Ownership of the Lease Assets 
In order to comply with the requirements of Shari’a, an ownership interest in the Assets should pass to the Trustee 
under the Master Purchase Agreement, as supplemented by the relevant Supplemental Purchase Agreement 
(together, the Purchase Agreement) and the Trustee will lease the Lease Assets to Dar Al-Arkan under the Master 
Lease Agreement, as supplemented by the relevant Supplemental Lease Agreement.  The Trustee will declare a 
trust in respect of the Lease Assets and the other Trust Assets in favour of the Certificateholders of the relevant 
Series pursuant to the Master Trust Deed, as supplemented by the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed.  
Accordingly, from a Shari’a perspective, Certificateholders should, through the ownership interest obtained by 
the Trustee pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement, have an undivided ownership interest in the relevant 
Lease Assets. 
Limited investigation or enquiry will be made and limited due diligence will be conducted in respect of any Lease 
Assets.  The Lease Assets will be selected by Dar Al-Arkan, and the Certificateholders, the Trustee, the Dealers, 
the Delegate and the Agents will have no ability to influence or liability for such selection.  Only limited 
representations will be obtained from Dar Al-Arkan and/or the relevant Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, 
in respect of the Lease Assets. No steps are intended to be taken to perfect the legal transfer of the ownership 
interest (including registration, if necessary) in the Lease Assets with any relevant regulatory authority in the 
Kingdom.

--- Page 31 ---
19 
 
 
Transfer, possession, custody or control of the Lease Assets 
Limited investigation has been or will be made by the Trustee, Dar Al-Arkan or the Dealers as to whether any 
interest in any Lease Assets may be transferred as a matter of the law of the jurisdiction where such assets are 
located or any other relevant law and no investigation has been or will be made by the Trustee, the Dealers, the 
Delegate or any of the Agents as to whether Dar Al-Arkan is in actual or constructive possession, custody or 
control of all of the Lease Assets. In addition, limited investigation will be made by the Trustee, Dar Al-Arkan, 
the Dealers, the Delegate or any of the Agents to determine if any Purchase Agreement will have the effect of 
transferring an interest in the relevant Assets.  
The occurrence of a Tangibility Event may have a significant adverse effect on the liquidity and market value 
of the Certificates 
Following the occurrence of a Tangibility Event, the Certificateholders will be promptly notified: (a) that a 
Tangibility Event has occurred; (b) that, as determined in consultation with the Shari’a Adviser, the Certificates 
should be tradable only in accordance with the Shari’a principles of debt trading (such as the principle that debt 
is to be traded against tangible assets and/or eligible commodities on a spot settlement basis); (c) that, on the date 
falling 15 days following the Tangibility Event Put Right Date, the Certificates will be delisted from any stock 
exchange (if any) on which the Certificates are admitted to listing; and (d) the Tangibility Event Put Period, during 
which period any Certificateholder shall have the option to require the redemption of all or any of its Certificates. 
Upon receipt of such notice, the Certificateholders may elect, within the Tangibility Event Put Right Period, for 
all or any of their Certificates to be redeemed in accordance with the Conditions. Accordingly, a Tangibility Event 
may have a significant adverse effect on the liquidity and market value of the Certificates. 
RISK FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH CERTIFICATES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME  
The Certificates are limited recourse obligations 
Certificates to be issued under the Programme are not debt obligations of the Trustee. Instead, the Certificates 
represent an undivided ownership interest solely in the relevant Trust Assets. Recourse to the Trustee in respect 
of each Series is limited to the Trust Assets of that Series and proceeds of such Trust Assets are the sole source of 
payments on the relevant Certificates. Upon the occurrence of a Dissolution Event, the sole rights of each of the 
Delegate and, through the Delegate, the Certificateholders of the relevant Series will be against Dar Al-Arkan to 
perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party. Certificateholders will have no 
recourse (whether by institution or enforcement of any legal proceeding or assessment or otherwise) in respect of 
any breach of any duty, obligation, covenant or agreement contained in the Conditions or any Transaction 
Document against any shareholder, member, officer, agent (including any corporate administrator) or director of 
the Trustee, the Delegate, the Agents or Dar Al-Arkan, as the case may be, by virtue of any customary law, statute 
or otherwise. The obligations of the Trustee, the Delegate and Dar Al-Arkan under the Conditions or any 
Transaction Document are corporate or limited liability obligations of the Trustee, the Delegate and Dar Al-Arkan 
and any and all personal liability of the shareholders (other than as aforesaid), members, officers, agents (including 
any corporate administrator) or directors of the Trustee, the Delegate, the Agents and Dar Al-Arkan will be 
expressly waived and excluded by the holders of each Series to the extent permitted by law. 
The net proceeds of the realisation of, or enforcement with respect to, the Trust Assets of any Series may not be 
sufficient to make all payments and/or deliveries due in respect of the relevant Certificates. If, following 
distribution of such proceeds in accordance with Condition 4.2, there remains a shortfall in payments and/or 
deliveries due under the Certificates of the relevant Series, no Certificateholder will have any claim against the 
Trustee, Dar Al-Arkan, the Delegate, the Agents or any of their respective shareholders (other than as aforesaid), 
members, officers, directors or agents (including any corporate administrator) or any of their affiliates or recourse 
to any of their assets in respect of such shortfall and any unsatisfied claims of Certificateholders shall be 
extinguished. In addition, no Certificateholder will be able to petition for, or join any other person in instituting 
proceedings for, the reorganisation, liquidation, winding up or receivership of Dar Al-Arkan (to the extent that 
each fulfils all of its obligations under the relevant Transaction Documents to which it is a party), or any of the 
Trustee, the Delegate, the Agents and/or any of their affiliates as a consequence of such shortfall or otherwise. 
Furthermore, under no circumstances shall the Trustee, the Delegate or any Certificateholder have any right to 
cause the sale or other disposition of any of the Trust Assets except pursuant to the Transaction Documents.

--- Page 32 ---
20 
 
 
No assurance can be given that a secondary market for Certificates will develop or, if it does, that it will provide 
investors with liquidity of investment 
There is no assurance that a secondary market for the Certificates of any Series will develop or, if it does develop, 
that it will provide the Certificateholders with liquidity of investment or that it will continue for the life of those 
Certificates. Accordingly, a Certificateholder may not be able to find a buyer to buy its Certificates readily or at 
prices that will enable the Certificateholder to realise a desired yield. The market value of Certificates may 
fluctuate and a lack of liquidity, in particular, can have a material adverse effect on the market value of the 
Certificates. Accordingly, the purchase of Certificates is suitable only for investors who can bear the risks 
associated with a lack of liquidity in the relevant Certificates and the financial and other risks associated with an 
investment in the relevant Certificates. An investor in Certificates must be prepared to hold the relevant 
Certificates for an indefinite period of time or until their maturity. Application has been made for the listing of 
certain Series to be issued under the Programme on Euronext Dublin but there can be no assurance that any such 
listing will occur or will enhance the liquidity of the Certificates of the relevant Series. 
The Certificates may be subject to early redemption 
In the event that the amount payable on the Certificates of any Series is required to be increased to include 
additional amounts in certain circumstances and/or Dar Al-Arkan is required to pay additional amounts pursuant 
to certain Transaction Documents, in each case as a result of certain changes affecting taxation in the Cayman 
Islands or the Kingdom, or in each case any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power 
to tax, the Trustee may redeem all but not some only of the Certificates upon giving notice in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the relevant Certificates. 
If so provided in the applicable Final Terms, a Series may be redeemed early at the option of the Trustee. Any 
such early redemption feature of any Certificate is likely to limit its market value. During any period when the 
Trustee may elect to redeem Certificates, the market value of those Certificates generally will not rise substantially 
above the dissolution amount payable. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. The Trustee may be 
expected to redeem Certificates when Dar Al-Arkan’s cost of financing is lower than the profit rate on the 
Certificates. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective profit rate as high as the profit rate on the Certificates being redeemed and may only be able to do so at 
a significantly lower rate. Prospective investors should consider re-investment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Certificates linked to or 
referencing such “benchmarks”  
Interest rates (including profit rates) and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks”, (including the Euro 
interbank offered rate (EURIBOR) are the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and 
proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These 
reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any 
Certificates referencing such a “benchmark”. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, 
the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. Among other things, it 
(i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an 
equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities 
of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent 
or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the UK Benchmarks Regulation) amongst other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the 
use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks 
of administrators that are not authorised by the Financial Conduct Authority or registered on the Financial Conduct 
Authority register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Certificates linked to or referencing a benchmark in particular, if the methodology or other terms 
of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or 
the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of 
reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant benchmark.

--- Page 33 ---
21 
 
 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
Separately, the euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and 
high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash products 
(including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, that continuing 
to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro 
area financial system. In May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its recommendations on 
EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (a) discouraging market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (b) triggering changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in the benchmark; and/or (c) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above 
changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or 
investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Certificates linked to, 
referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark. 
The Conditions provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, including 
if an original Reference Rate and/or any page on which an original Reference Rate may be published, (or any 
other successor service) becomes unavailable or a Benchmark Event otherwise occurs. Such fallback 
arrangements include the possibility that the Rate (or the relevant component part thereof) could be set by 
reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate, with or without the application of an Adjustment 
Spread, and may include amendments to the Conditions, the Master Trust Deed and/or any other Transaction 
Document to ensure the proper operation of the successor or replacement benchmark, all as determined by an 
Independent Adviser, acting in good faith and following consultation with the Trustee and Dar Al-Arkan, or Dar 
Al-Arkan (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner), as applicable, and without the 
requirement for the consent or sanction of Certificateholders. An Adjustment Spread, if applied, is a spread (which 
may be positive, negative or zero) or formula or methodology for calculating a spread which (a) in the case of a 
Successor Rate,  is formally recommended, or formally provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to 
the replacement of the original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body (which 
may include a relevant central bank, supervisory authority or group of central banks/supervisory authorities), or 
(b) (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Reference Rate) the Independent 
Adviser (following consultation with the Trustee and Dar Al-Arkan) determines is customarily applied to the 
relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital 
markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the original Reference Rate, or (c) (if 
the Independent Adviser (following consultation with the Trustee and Dar Al-Arkan) determines that no such 
spread, formula or methodology is customarily applied) the Independent Adviser (following consultation with the 
Trustee and Dar Al-Arkan) determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-
counter derivative transactions which reference the original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate, as the case may be, or (d) (if the Independent Adviser 
(following consultation with the Trustee and Dar Al-Arkan) determines that there is no such industry standard) 
the Independent Adviser (following consultation with the Trustee and Dar Al-Arkan) or Dar Al-Arkan (as 
applicable) determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) in their sole discretion to 
be appropriate. Accordingly, the application of an Adjustment Spread may result in the Certificates performing 
differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate) than they would do if the original Reference Rate were 
to continue to apply in its current form. If no Adjustment Spread can be determined, a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate may nonetheless be used to determine the Rate (or the relevant component part 
thereof). The use of a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (including with or without the application of 
an Adjustment Spread) may still result in any Certificates linked to or referencing an original Reference Rate 
performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate) than they would if the original Reference 
Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, no Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate is 
determined, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of the calculation of the Rate for the relevant immediately 
following Return Accumulation Period may result in the Rate (or the relevant component part thereof) for the last 
preceding Return Accumulation Period being used. Due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor 
Rates and Alternative Reference Rates, the involvement of an Independent Adviser and the potential for further 
regulatory developments, there is a risk that the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the 
relevant time.

--- Page 34 ---
22 
 
 
Payments under the Transaction Documents could become subject to taxation 
Payments made by Dar Al-Arkan to the Trustee under the Transaction Documents and payments by the Trustee 
in respect of the Certificates could become subject to taxation. Each Transaction Document to which Dar Al-Arkan 
is a party requires Dar Al-Arkan to pay additional amounts in the event there is any withholding or deduction 
required by law in the Kingdom. Condition 11 provides that the Trustee is required to pay additional amounts in 
respect of any such withholding or deduction imposed by a Relevant Jurisdiction in certain circumstances. In the 
event that the Trustee fails to pay any such additional amounts in respect of any such withholding or deduction 
on payments due in respect of the Certificates to Certificateholders, Dar Al-Arkan has unconditionally and 
irrevocably undertaken (irrespective of the payment of any fee), as a continuing obligation, to pay to the Trustee 
(for the benefit of the Certificateholders) an amount equal to the liabilities of the Trustee in respect of any and all 
additional amounts required to be paid in respect of the Certificates pursuant to Condition 11 in respect of any 
withholding or deduction in respect of any tax as set out in that Condition. 
RISK FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE RISKS 
ASSOCIATED WITH ENFORCEMENT IN THE KINGDOM OF SAUDI ARABIA 
There are uncertainties around the choice of English law as the governing law of certain Transaction 
Documents and around enforcement of foreign arbitral awards in the Kingdom 
The Certificates and certain of the Transaction Documents will be governed by English law. Furthermore, the 
parties to the Transaction Documents have agreed to refer any unresolved dispute in relation to the Transaction 
Documents to arbitration under the Arbitration Rules of the London Court of International Arbitration (LCIA). 
Whilst the choice of English law as the governing law of the Certificates and certain of the Transaction Documents 
does not contravene the laws and regulations of the Kingdom, the courts and judicial committees of the Kingdom 
may not recognise the choice of English law.  
In addition, whilst the arbitration agreement is valid under English law and the laws and regulations of the 
Kingdom, the courts and judicial committees of the Kingdom will require any arbitral award pursuant to the 
arbitration agreement to satisfy certain requirements, including compliance with the principles of Shari’a. 
Accordingly, in any proceedings relating to the Certificates or the Transaction Documents in the Kingdom, 
Shari’a, as interpreted in the Kingdom, may be applied by the relevant court or judicial committee. The courts and 
judicial committees of the Kingdom have the discretion to deny the enforcement of any contractual or other 
obligations, if, in their opinion, the enforcement thereof would be contrary to the principles of Shari’a.  As such 
there can be no assurance that the Saudi courts will recognise and enforce any arbitral award made under the 
arbitration agreement. 
Further, the application of the Bankruptcy Law (issued pursuant to Royal Decree No. M/50 dated 28/05/1439H 
(corresponding to 14/02/2018G)) as amended (the Bankruptcy Law) may adversely impact the performance of 
certain obligations and the enforceability of certain provisions under the Transaction Documents. The Bankruptcy 
Law, which came into effect on 18 August 2018, remains relatively new and several provisions are untested or 
are subject to different interpretations. Therefore, there is some uncertainty as to the practical application of certain 
provisions under the Bankruptcy Law.  
Arbitral awards relating to disputes under the Transaction Documents may not be enforceable in the Kingdom 
The parties to the Transaction Documents have agreed to refer any unresolved dispute in relation to the 
Transaction Documents to arbitration under the LCIA Arbitration Rules with an arbitral tribunal with its seat in 
London.  
The Enforcement Courts have jurisdiction over the enforcement of enforcement instruments as defined in the 
Enforcement Law (Royal Decree No. M/53 dated 13/08/1433H corresponding to 03/07/2012G) as amended. The 
Enforcement Courts may enforce all or any part of a foreign arbitral award provided that: (a) there is reciprocity 
in the enforcement of Saudi judgments or arbitral awards in the courts of the relevant jurisdiction; (b) the courts 
of the Kingdom do not hold exclusive jurisdiction over the dispute and the foreign arbitral award was issued in 
accordance with the jurisdictional rules of that country; (c) the respective parties to the foreign arbitral award were 
present, duly represented and able to defend themselves; (d) the arbitral award is final; (e) the arbitral award does 
not conflict with any ruling or order issued by a court of competent jurisdiction on the same matter in the Kingdom; 
and (f) the arbitral award is not contrary to any public policy of the Kingdom.

--- Page 35 ---
23 
 
 
Although reciprocity may be demonstrated by way of the existence of a treaty or protocol between the Kingdom 
and the United Kingdom, such as the New York Convention on the Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign 
Arbitral Awards 1958 (the New York Convention), enforcement in the Kingdom of a foreign arbitral award is 
not certain. For example, there are a number of circumstances in which recognition of an arbitral award under the 
New York Convention may be declined, including where the award is contrary to the public policy of the receiving 
state. As a consequence, any arbitral award deemed by a court in the Kingdom as contrary to the public policy of 
the Kingdom may not be enforceable in the Kingdom. As such, the Trustee or the Delegate (on behalf of 
Certificateholders) may ultimately not be able to enforce Dar Al-Arkan’s obligations under the Transaction 
Documents to which it is a party. 
The interpretation of the compliance of the Certificates and the Transaction Documents with Shari’a principles 
may differ amongst Saudi courts and judicial committees 
Certain Transaction Documents will be governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, the laws and 
regulations of the Kingdom. Prospective investors should note that the various courts and judicial committees of 
the Kingdom applying the laws and regulations of the Kingdom, and in particular the relevant principles of Islamic 
law are generally construed and applied pursuant to the teachings of the Hanbali school of jurisprudence, which 
may interpret or enforce, or reinterpret, any Transaction Documents governed by the laws and regulations of the 
Kingdom other than in accordance with their respective terms. There are majority and minority views within the 
Hanbali school of jurisprudence either of which may be applied in any particular case. In this regard, the courts 
and judicial committees of the Kingdom may decline to enforce any contractual or other obligations (including 
any provisions relating to the payment of profit) if it is their view that the enforcement thereof would be contrary 
to principles of Shari’a. 
Prospective investors should note that different Shari’a advisers and courts and judicial committees in the 
Kingdom may form different opinions on identical issues and therefore prospective investors should consult their 
own legal and Shari’a advisers to receive an opinion, as to the compliance or otherwise of the Certificates and the 
Transaction Documents with Shari’a principles (see “– Shari’a Rules are subject to different interpretations by 
different Shari’a boards and Shari’a scholars” below). Prospective investors should also note that although Khalij 
Islamic, Sharia Adviser to Deutsche Bank AG, the Chairman and Executive Member of the Internal Sharia 
Supervision Committee of Emirates NBD and the Standard Chartered Bank Global Shariah Supervisory 
Committee have confirmed that the Transaction Documents are, in their view, compliant with the principles of 
Shari’a as applicable to, and interpreted by, them, such approvals and confirmations would not bind a court or 
judicial committee in the Kingdom, including in the context of any insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings relating 
to Dar Al-Arkan, and any court or judicial committee in the Kingdom will have the discretion to make its own 
determination about whether the Transaction Documents comply with the laws of the Kingdom and Shari’a 
principles and therefore are enforceable in the Kingdom. 
There are concerns as to the effectiveness under the laws and regulations of the Kingdom of any transfer of an 
interest in an asset in the Kingdom to a Saudi company on behalf of foreign nationals unless a corporate 
presence is formed in the Kingdom and the relevant licensing requirements have been met 
The Foreign Investment Law issued under Royal Decree No. M/1 dated 5/1/1421H (corresponding to 10/4/2000G) 
and the Anti-Cover Up Law issued under Royal Decree No. M/4 dated 1/1/1442H (corresponding to 20/8/2020G) 
(the Anti-Cover Up Law) prohibit persons and companies in the Kingdom from doing business in the Kingdom 
on behalf of foreign nationals unless they meet certain requirements, including certain licensing requirements. 
The Trustee could be interpreted as contravening this prohibition by entering into the Purchase Agreement and 
the other relevant Transaction Documents to which it is a party.  
On the basis of the foregoing, prospective investors should note that there is uncertainty as to the effectiveness 
under the laws and regulations of the Kingdom of any transfer of an interest in an asset in the Kingdom pursuant 
to the Transaction Documents relating to a Series, absent compliance with the matters specified above. As a result, 
if the Trustee fails to comply with its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, a Saudi 
court, judicial or administrative tribunal or government authority is likely proceed in one of the following two 
ways: 
(a) 
a Saudi court or judicial or administrative tribunal may consider the Transaction Documents as a whole 
and give effect to the commercial intention of the parties to treat the arrangements set out therein as a 
financing transaction without requiring compliance with the Foreign Investment Law (and as not being 
in breach of the Anti-Cover Up Law), and subject to the other risks described in this “— Risk factors 
which are material for the purpose of assessing the risks associated with enforcement in the Kingdom of

--- Page 36 ---
24 
 
 
Saudi Arabia” section may enforce the payment obligations set out in the relevant Transaction 
Documents; or 
(b) 
a Saudi court or judicial or administrative tribunal may characterise the transactions contemplated by the 
Purchase Agreement and the other relevant Transaction Documents as an unlawful investment which is 
void as a result of non-compliance with any of the matters specified above. If that is the case, a Saudi 
court, judicial or administrative tribunal or government authority is likely to require that Dar Al-Arkan 
return to the Trustee the relevant proceeds of the issuance of the Certificates of the relevant Series less 
any rental amounts already paid, and may appoint an expert to determine the amount of damages (if any) 
to which the parties may be entitled. 
Courts and judicial committees of the Kingdom will not give effect to penalties and certain types of indemnities 
Prospective investors should note that should any provision of the Transaction Documents be construed by a court 
or judicial committee in the Kingdom to be an agreement to pay a penalty rather than a genuine estimate of loss 
incurred, such provision would not be enforced in the Kingdom. Further, any indemnity provided by Dar Al-Arkan 
pursuant to the Transaction Documents or in relation to any Series may not be enforceable under the laws and 
regulations of the Kingdom to the extent that it: (a) purports to be effective notwithstanding any judgment or order 
of a court to the contrary, or (b) is contrary to any applicable law or public policy relating thereto. As such, 
Certificateholders may ultimately not be able to enforce the Trustee’s and/or Dar Al-Arkan’s relevant obligations 
under the Transaction Documents. 
Courts and judicial committees of the Kingdom may not give effect to unilateral promises 
Under Islamic law there are different opinions amongst scholars with respect to the enforceability of a unilateral 
promise which can be divided into three distinct positions: (a) a unilateral promise will be enforceable in all 
circumstances, (ii) a unilateral promise will not be enforceable in any circumstances and (iii) a unilateral promise 
will be enforceable where a breach would cause harm to the promisee. In addition, the absence of both a doctrine 
of binding precedent in the Kingdom and a public centralised index of previous judgments of courts and judicial 
committees allow judges notable interpretative discretion and thus render it difficult to predict which of the above 
positions would be followed by a court or judicial committee in the Kingdom. As a result, such a unilateral promise 
may not create an obligation which would be enforceable before the courts and judicial committees of the 
Kingdom. The Purchase Undertaking is a unilateral promise from Dar Al-Arkan to the Trustee and the Delegate. 
Accordingly, prospective investors should be aware that its terms may not be enforceable before the courts and 
judicial committees of the Kingdom and, as a consequence, Certificateholders may not receive the relevant 
Dissolution Amount due to them under the Certificates. 
A court may not grant an order for specific performance 
In the event that Dar Al-Arkan fails to perform its obligations under any Transaction Document to which it is a 
party, the potential remedies available to the Trustee and the Delegate include obtaining an order for specific 
performance of the relevant obligations or a claim for damages. On the basis of the above, there can be no 
assurance that a court will provide an order for specific performance which is a discretionary matter. Furthermore, 
the amount of damages which a court in the Kingdom may award in respect of a breach will depend upon a number 
of possible factors including an obligation on the Trustee, Dar Al-Arkan or the Delegate to mitigate any loss 
arising as a result of the breach. No assurances can be provided as to the level of damages a Saudi court may 
award in the event of a failure by Dar Al-Arkan to perform its obligations as set out in the Transaction Documents 
to which it is a party, and therefore prospective investors should note that, if damages are awarded, they may 
receive less than they would had an order for specific performance been granted, therefore leaving them in a 
detrimental position. 
The terms of Trust Deeds may not be enforceable in the Kingdom 
The laws of the Kingdom do not recognise the concept of a trust or beneficial interests. Accordingly, there is no 
certainty that the terms of the Master Trust Deed and any Supplemental Trust Deed (each of which will be 
governed by English law) would be enforced by the courts of the Kingdom and, as such, there can be no assurance 
that the obligations of the Trustee and/or the Delegate under the Master Trust Deed and any Supplemental Trust 
Deed to act on behalf of the Certificateholders in accordance with their instructions (given in accordance with the 
Conditions) are enforceable as a matter of contract under the laws of the Kingdom or that the courts of Saudi

--- Page 37 ---
25 
 
 
Arabia would recognise any claim of the Delegate (on behalf of Certificateholders) under the Transaction 
Documents pursuant to the Master Trust Deed. 
No assurances can be given as to any change of law after the date of this Base Prospectus 
The structure of each issue of Certificates under the Programme is based on English law, Cayman Islands law, the 
laws and regulations of the Kingdom and administrative practices therein in effect as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible change to, or interpretation of, English 
law, Cayman Islands law or the laws and regulations of the Kingdom or administrative practices in such 
jurisdiction after the date of this Base Prospectus, nor can any assurance be given as to whether any such change 
could adversely affect the ability of the Trustee to make payments under the Certificates or of Dar Al-Arkan to 
comply with its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party. 
Compliance with bankruptcy laws in the Kingdom may affect Dar Al-Arkan’s ability to perform its obligations 
under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party 
The Bankruptcy Law created several bankruptcy procedures. If Dar Al-Arkan would be fulfilling the conditions 
to benefit from any of those bankruptcy procedures, this may adversely affect Dar Al-Arkan’s ability to perform 
its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and, in turn, affect the Trustee’s ability to 
perform its obligations in respect of the Certificates. There is little precedent to predict how claims by or on behalf 
of the Certificateholders and/or the Delegate would be resolved in the event of Dar Al-Arkan’s fulfilling the 
conditions of any of those bankruptcy procedures and accordingly it is uncertain exactly how and to what extent 
the Transaction Documents would be enforced by a Saudi adjudicatory body in that situation, and therefore there 
can be no assurance that Certificateholders will receive repayment of their claims in full or at all in these 
circumstances.  
Emerging markets are subject to greater risks than more developed markets 
Investors in emerging markets should be aware that these markets are subject to greater risks than more developed 
markets, including, in some cases, significant legal, economic and political risks. Accordingly, investors should 
exercise particular care in evaluating the risks involved and must decide for themselves whether, in light of those 
risks, their investment is appropriate. Generally, investment in emerging markets is only suitable for sophisticated 
investors who fully appreciate the significance of the risk involved. 
The legal system in the Kingdom continues to develop and this, as well as certain aspects of the laws of Saudi 
Arabia, may create an uncertain environment for investment and business activity 
The courts and adjudicatory bodies in the Kingdom have wide discretion as to how laws, regulations and principles 
of Islamic law (Shari’a) are applied to a particular set of circumstances. There is no doctrine of binding precedent 
in the courts of Saudi Arabia, decisions of various courts and judicial committees of Saudi Arabia and Royal 
Decrees, ministerial decisions and resolutions, departmental circulars and other pronouncements of official bodies 
of Saudi Arabia which have the force of law are not generally or consistently indexed and collected in a central 
place or made publicly available. Accordingly, it is uncertain exactly how and to what extent any Certificate, the 
Conditions and/or the Transaction Documents would be enforced by a Saudi court or any other Saudi adjudicatory 
body, should circumstances dictate that they have jurisdiction. Further, in some circumstances, it may not be 
possible to obtain the legal remedies provided under the laws and regulations of Saudi Arabia in a timely manner. 
As a result of these and other factors, the outcome of any legal disputes in the Kingdom may be uncertain. 
Under Islamic law (Shari’a) as applied in the Kingdom, a loan that generates a benefit to the lender is considered 
“riba”. As such, an obligation to pay interest or a sum in the nature of interest (whether described as “commission”, 
“profit” or another synonym), including any form of benefits, is not enforceable. Prospective investors should 
note that the provisions of the Transaction Documents relating to the payment of commission or profit (whether 
described as “commission”, “profit” or another synonym) and possibly any arrangement, commitment, agency, 
administration or upfront fees, may not be enforceable under the laws of Saudi Arabia and therefore prospective 
investors may not be able to enforce their right to receive such amounts under the Transaction Documents. 
A court or judicial committee in the Kingdom is likely to refuse to give a judgment in respect of principal amounts 
to the payee of such amounts in an amount greater than the principal sums found by such court or judicial 
committee to be due and payable less the amount of sums in the nature of interest (however described) already 
paid by the payer to the payee. Any amounts previously paid to the Certificateholders on the Certificates and/or

--- Page 38 ---
26 
 
 
pursuant to the Transaction Documents in respect of sums in the nature of commission or profit may therefore 
reduce the amount receivable by the Certificateholders in relation to payments of principal. 
Investors are required to rely on Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg procedures whilst Certificates are 
held in those clearing systems 
The Certificates of each Series will be represented on issue by a Global Certificate that will be deposited with a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in each 
Global Certificate, investors will not be entitled to receive Certificates in definitive form. Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and their respective direct and indirect participants will maintain records of the 
ownership interests in Global Certificates. While the Certificates of any Series are represented by a Global 
Certificate, investors will be able to trade their ownership interests only through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and their respective participants. 
While the Certificates of any Series are represented by a Global Certificate, the Trustee will discharge its payment 
obligations under the Certificates by making payments through the relevant clearing systems. A holder of an 
ownership interest in a Global Certificate must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing system and its 
participants to receive payments under the relevant Certificates. The Trustee has no responsibility or liability for 
the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, ownership interests in any Global Certificate. 
Holders of ownership interests in a Global Certificate will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the relevant 
Certificates. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by the relevant 
clearing system and its participants to appoint appropriate proxies. 
Shari’a rules are subject to different interpretations by different Shari’a boards and Shari’a scholars 
Each of Khalij Islamic, Sharia Adviser to Deutsche Bank AG, the Chairman and Executive Member of the Internal 
Sharia Supervision Committee of Emirates NBD and the Standard Chartered Bank Global Shariah Supervisory 
Committee has confirmed that the Certificates and the Transaction Documents are, in their view, compliant with 
the principles of Shari’a as applicable to, and interpreted by, them. However, there can be no assurance that the 
Transaction Documents or any issue and trading of any Certificates will be deemed to be Shari’a compliant by 
any other Shari’a board or Shari’a scholars. None of the Trustee, Dar Al-Arkan, the Dealers, the Delegate or the 
Agents makes any representation as to the Shari’a compliance of any Certificates and/or any trading thereof, the 
Transaction Documents or the above pronouncements and prospective investors are reminded that, as with any 
Shari’a views, differences in opinion are possible and different Shari’a standards may be applied by different 
Shari’a boards. In addition, none of the Dealers, the Delegate and the Agents will have any responsibility for 
monitoring or ensuring compliance with any Shari’a principles of debt trading referred to in Conditions 11.6 or 
11.7 nor shall it be liable to any Certificateholder or any other person in respect thereof. 
Prospective investors should therefore not rely on the approvals referred to above in deciding whether to make an 
investment in the Certificates and should obtain their own independent Shari’a advice as to the compliance of the 
Transaction Documents and whether the Certificates will meet their individual standards of compliance and should 
also make their own determination as to the future tradability of any Certificates on any secondary market. 
Questions as to the Shari’a permissibility of the Transaction Documents or the issue and the trading of any 
Certificates may limit the liquidity and adversely affect the market value of the Certificates. 
In addition, prospective investors are reminded that the enforcement of any obligations of any of the parties would, 
if in dispute, either be the subject of court or judicial committee proceeding under English law or the laws and 
regulations of the Kingdom. In such circumstances, the judge should apply the relevant governing law of the 
Transaction Document in determining the obligation of the parties. See also “– The interpretation of the 
compliance of the Certificates and the Transaction Documents with Shari’a principles may differ amongst Saudi 
courts and judicial committees” above. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
Dar Al-Arkan has been rated B1 by Moody’s Investors Service Limited (Moody’s). In addition, one or more 
independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Certificates. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by its assigning rating agency at 
any time. Any ratings of Dar Al-Arkan or the Certificates may not reflect the potential impact of all the risks 
related to the structure, market, additional factors discussed herein and other factors that may affect the value of 
the Certificates. Any actual or anticipated changes in Dar Al-Arkan’s credit ratings or the ratings of the Certificates 
could negatively affect the market value of the Certificates.

--- Page 39 ---
27 
 
 
Dar Al-Arkan has engaged in, and may engage in, discussions from time to time with other international and 
regional credit rating agencies regarding a corporate rating, although no such corporate rating currently exists. 
However, should Dar Al-Arkan and/or any Certificates be rated in the future by one or more of these credit rating 
agencies, there can be no assurance that any rating(s) assigned to Dar Al-Arkan and/or any Certificates would be 
at least equivalent to the corporate rating assigned by Standard & Poor’s (Dubai) Limited at such time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to 
transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of 
credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are 
endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is certified in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not 
been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). The list of 
registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation 
is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays 
between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and publication of an updated 
ESMA list. 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK 
regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third country 
non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK registered credit 
rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in accordance with the UK 
CRA Regulation. This is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as 
the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a certain limited period of time, transitional relief 
accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant 
conditions are satisfied.  
If the status of the rating agency rating the Certificates changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes in 
the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Certificates may have a different regulatory treatment, which may 
impact the value of the Certificates and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain information with respect 
to the credit rating agencies and ratings will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms.  
Certificates which have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified 
Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade 
In relation to any issue of Certificates which have a denomination consisting of the minimum Specified 
Denomination (as defined in the Conditions) plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is 
possible that the Certificates may be traded in amounts in excess of such minimum Specified Denomination that 
are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a Certificateholder who, as a 
result of trading such amounts, holds a face amount of less than the minimum Specified Denomination would 
need to purchase an additional amount of Certificates such that it holds an amount equal to at least the minimum 
Specified Denomination to be able to trade such Certificates. Certificateholders should be aware that Certificates 
which have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be 
illiquid and difficult to trade. 
If a Certificateholder holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account 
with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time such Certificateholder may not receive a definitive 
Certificate in respect of such holding (should definitive Certificates be printed) and would need to purchase a face 
amount of Certificates such that its holding amounts to at least a Specified Denomination in order to be eligible 
to receive a definitive Certificate. 
If definitive Certificates are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Certificates which have a denomination 
that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade.

--- Page 40 ---
28 
 
 
Defined majorities of Certificateholders and the Delegate can consent to variation of certain provisions in the 
Transaction Documents 
The Conditions of the Certificates contain provisions for calling meetings of Certificateholders to consider matters 
affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Certificateholders 
including Certificateholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Certificateholders who voted 
in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The Master Trust Deed contains provisions permitting the Delegate from time to time and at any time without any 
consent or sanction of the Certificateholders to make any modification (other than in the case of a Reserved Matter 
or any provision of the Master Trust Deed or the Conditions referred to in the definition of a Reserved Matter) to 
the Master Trust Deed, any Supplemental Trust Deed or any other Transaction Document if, in the opinion of the 
Delegate, such modification (a) is of a formal, minor or technical nature, or (b) is made to correct a manifest error, 
or (c) is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the relevant Certificateholders. Unless the Delegate otherwise 
agrees, any such modification shall as soon as practicable thereafter be notified to the relevant Certificateholders 
and shall in any event be binding upon the relevant Certificateholders.  
Certain Certificateholders may be exposed to currency conversion risk due to Certificates being denominated 
in a currency other than the currency or currency unit in which that Certificateholder’s financial activities are 
principally denominated 
The Trustee will make all payments on the Certificates. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions 
if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the Investor’s 
Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change 
(including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and 
the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls 
which could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. The Trustee does not have any control over the factors 
that generally affect these risks, such as economic, financial and political events and the supply and demand for 
applicable currencies. In recent years, exchange rates between certain currencies have been volatile and volatility 
between such currencies or with other currencies may be expected in the future. An appreciation in the value of 
the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent 
yield on the Certificates, (2) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Certificates 
and (3) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the Certificates. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate as well as the availability of a specified foreign currency at the time 
of any payment of any Periodic Distribution Amount or Dissolution Amount on a Certificate. As a result, investors 
may receive less amounts under the Certificates than expected, or no such amounts. Even if there are no actual 
exchange controls, it is possible that the Specified Currency for any particular Certificate may not be available at 
such Certificate’s maturity.

--- Page 41 ---
29 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this 
Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the auditors’ limited review report and interim condensed consolidated financial statements of 
Dar Al-Arkan as of and for the three-month period ended 31 March 2022 (available at 
https://www.daralarkan.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/05/2022-1st-Quarter-Interim-Financial-
Statement.pdf); 
(b) 
the auditors’ report and audited consolidated financial statements of Dar Al-Arkan as of and for the 
financial 
year 
ended 
31 
December 
2021 
(available 
at: 
https://www.daralarkan.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/03/Dar-Al-Arkan-Consolidated-Financials-31-12-2021-E.pdf); and 
(c) 
the auditors’ report and audited consolidated financial statements of Dar Al-Arkan as of and for the 
financial 
year 
ended 
31 
December 
2020 
(available 
at: 
https://www.daralarkan.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/fs-fy-2020-en.pdf). 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement may be prepared by the Trustee and approved by 
the Irish Central Bank in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any 
such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable 
(whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this 
Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so 
modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the registered office 
of the Trustee and from the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent for the time being in London. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Trustee and Dar Al-Arkan will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment 
of any Certificates, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in 
connection with any subsequent issue of Certificates.

--- Page 42 ---
30 
 
 
STRUCTURE DIAGRAM AND CASHFLOWS 
Set out below is a simplified structure diagram and description of the principal cash flows underlying each Series 
issued. Prospective investors are referred to the terms and conditions of the Certificates and the detailed 
descriptions of the relevant Transaction Documents and the Terms and Conditions of the Certificates set out 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus for a fuller description of certain cash flows and for an explanation of the 
meaning of certain capitalised terms used below. 
Structure Diagram 
 
 
Principal cash flows 
Payments by the Certificateholders and the Trustee 
On the Issue Date of each Series of Certificates, the Certificateholders will pay the issue price (the Issue Price) 
in respect of the Certificates to the Trustee, and the Trustee will apply the Issue Price as follows: 
(a) 
an amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms, which is equal to no less than 55 per cent. of the 
aggregate face amount of the relevant Certificates, to, or to the order of, Dar Al-Arkan (or any of its 
Restricted Subsidiaries) (in its capacity as seller, the Seller) as the purchase price payable for the 
purchase from the Seller of all of its rights, title, interest, benefits and entitlements in, to and under certain 
Eligible Assets (as defined below) (the Assets) under the Master Purchase Agreement, as supplemented 
by the relevant Supplemental Purchase Agreement; and 
Master Purchase  
Agreement 
Service Agency  
Agreement  
Dar Al-Arkan  
(as  
Service Agent) 
Master Lease  
Agreement 
Dar Al-Arkan 
(as  
Lessee) 
Trustee 
(as Purchaser, Lessor and Seller) 
Investors 
(as Certificateholders) 
 
Certificates 
Proceeds of 
Certificates 
Periodic Distribution 
Amounts and 
Dissolution Amount 
Master Trust Deed 
Dar Al-Arkan 
(as  
Obligor) 
Dar Al-Arkan 
(as  
Seller) 
Service 
Charge 
Amounts 
Lease  
of Lease 
Assets 
Servicing 
of Lease 
Assets 
Rental 
Assets 
Purchase 
Price 
Exercise  
Price 
Lease 
Assets 
Dar Al-Arkan 
(as  
Buyer) 
Purchase Undertaking 
/ Sale and Substitution 
Undertaking 
Master Murabaha Agreement 
Commodities 
 
Deferred 
Sale Price

--- Page 43 ---
31 
 
 
(b) 
if applicable, the remaining proportion of the proceeds of the Issue Price as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, which shall be equal to no more than 45 per cent. of the aggregate face amount of the 
relevant Certificates as the cost price (the Murabaha Investment Amount) to purchase certain Shari’a 
compliant commodities (the Commodities) for the purpose of the Trustee selling such Commodities to 
Dar Al-Arkan (in its capacity as buyer, the Buyer) on a deferred payment basis for a deferred sale price 
comprising the Murabaha Investment Amount together with a profit amount specified in an offer notice 
(the Deferred Sale Price) payable on the relevant Dissolution Date pursuant to a murabaha contract (the 
Murabaha Contract) (such sale of Commodities to the Buyer, the Commodity Murabaha 
Investment). 
Eligible Assets means real estate assets owned by the Seller and located in the Kingdom (excluding the cities of 
Makkah and Medina). 
On the Issue Date of each Series of Certificates, pursuant to the terms of the Master Lease Agreement, as 
supplemented by the relevant Supplemental Lease Agreement, the Trustee (in its capacity as lessor, the Lessor) 
shall lease to Dar Al-Arkan (in its capacity as lessee, the Lessee) and the Lessee shall lease from the Lessor, the 
Assets (the Lease Assets) for a lease term equal to the tenor of the relevant Certificates in consideration for 
payment of a periodic rental amount (the Rental). 
Periodic Distribution Payments 
On the Payment Business Day immediately preceding each Periodic Distribution Date in relation to each Series 
of Certificates, Dar Al-Arkan (in its capacity as service agent, the Service Agent) shall apply amounts standing 
to the credit of a ledger account (the Collection Account) comprised of an amount equal to the Rental payable by 
the Lessee pursuant to the Master Lease Agreement, as supplemented by the relevant Supplemental Lease 
Agreement and, if applicable, the instalment profit component (the Murabaha Instalment Profit Amount) of 
the Deferred Sale Price payable in respect of the Commodity Murabaha Investment, in each case in connection 
with such Periodic Distribution Date, into an account maintained in London in the Trustee’s name (the 
Transaction Account), which is intended to fund an amount equal to the aggregate of the Periodic Distribution 
Amounts payable by the Trustee under the Certificates of the relevant Series on the immediately following 
Periodic Distribution Date (the Required Amount) and shall be applied by the Trustee for that purpose. 
Dissolution Payments  
On the Payment Business Day immediately preceding the Scheduled Dissolution Date in relation to each Series 
of Certificates:  
(a) 
the Trustee shall have the right under the Purchase Undertaking to require Dar Al-Arkan to purchase 
from the Trustee all of the Trustee’s rights, title, interest, benefits and entitlements in, to and under, the 
Lease Assets at the Exercise Price; and 
(b) 
the aggregate amounts of Deferred Sale Price then outstanding, if any, shall become immediately due 
and payable under the Master Murabaha Agreement, 
and such amounts are intended to fund the relevant Dissolution Amount payable by the Trustee under the 
Certificates of the relevant Series on the Scheduled Dissolution Date. 
The Certificates in relation to any Series may be redeemed in whole or in part, as the case may be, prior to the 
Scheduled Dissolution Date for the following reasons: (i) for taxation reasons, (ii) if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being applicable, at the option of the Trustee, (iii) if so specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being applicable, at the option of the Certificateholders, (iv) at the option of the Certificateholders following a 
Change of Control, (v) at the option of the Certificateholders following a Tangibility Event, (vi) for clean-up 
reasons, (vii) provided that the Lease Assets have not been replaced in accordance with the Service Agency 
Agreement, following a Total Loss Event, and (viii) following a Dissolution Event.   
In the case of each of (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v), (vi) and (viii) above, such redemption of the Certificates shall be 
funded in a similar manner as for the payment of the relevant Dissolution Amount on the Scheduled Dissolution 
Date, save that, in the case of (i) and (ii) only, Dar Al-Arkan shall have the right under the Sale and Substitution

--- Page 44 ---
32 
 
 
Undertaking to require the Trustee to sell, transfer and convey to it all of the Trustee’s rights, title, interest, benefits 
and entitlements in, to and under, the Lease Assets at the Exercise Price. 
In the case of (vii) above, on the Total Loss Dissolution Date:  
(a) 
the Trustee shall have the right under the Service Agency Agreement to receive all insurance proceeds 
relating to the Lease Assets together with, if applicable, any Loss Shortfall Amount payable by the 
Service Agent in connection therewith; and 
(b) 
aggregate amounts of Deferred Sale Price then outstanding, if any, shall become immediately due and 
payable under the Master Murabaha Agreement.

--- Page 45 ---
33 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following is an overview of the principal features of the Programme. This overview does not contain all of 
the information that an investor should consider before investing in Certificates and is qualified in its entirety by 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms. Each investor should read the entire Base 
Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms carefully, especially the risks of investing in Certificates issued under 
the Programme discussed under “Risk Factors”. 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980. 
Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus shall have the same meanings in this overview. 
Trustee: 
Dar Al-Arkan Sukuk Company Ltd., an exempted company incorporated 
with limited liability in accordance with the laws of, and formed and 
registered in, the Cayman Islands with registered number 276880 and its 
registered office at c/o MaplesFS Limited, P.O. Box 1093, Queensgate 
House, Grand Cayman KY1-1102, Cayman Islands. The Trustee has been 
incorporated solely for the purpose of participating in the transactions 
contemplated by the Transaction Documents to which it is a party. 
Trustee (LEI): 
5493000UYHRBXEIYUQ69  
Dar Al-Arkan: 
Dar Al-Arkan Real Estate Development Company, a limited liability 
company incorporated under the laws of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia with 
commercial registration number 1010160195. 
Dar Al-Arkan (LEI): 
558600USX20EGH6LVQ89 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Trustee’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Certificates issued under the Programme, and Dar 
Al-Arkan’s obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a 
party. In addition, there are certain factors which are material in relation to 
the Trust Assets and also for the purpose of assessing the market risks 
associated with Certificates issued under the Programme. All of these 
factors are set out under “Risk Factors” above. 
Ownership of the Trustee: 
The authorised share capital of the Trustee is U.S.$50,000 consisting of 
50,000 shares of U.S.$1 each, of which 250 shares are fully paid up and 
issued. The Trustee’s entire issued share capital is held by MaplesFS 
Limited on trust for charitable purposes. 
Administration of the Trustee: 
The affairs of the Trustee are managed by MaplesFS Limited (the Trustee 
Administrator), who will provide, amongst other things, certain 
administrative services for and on behalf of the Trustee pursuant to an 
amended restated corporate services agreement dated 2 June 2022 between 
the Trustee and the Trustee Administrator (the Corporate Services 
Agreement). The Trustee Administrator’s registered office is P.O. Box 
1093, Queensgate House, Grand Cayman KY1-1102, Cayman Islands. 
Arrangers: 
Alkhair Capital (Dubai) Limited  
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Emirates NBD Bank PJSC 
Standard Chartered Bank 
Dealers: 
Alkhair Capital (Dubai) Limited

--- Page 46 ---
34 
 
 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Emirates NBD Bank PJSC 
Standard Chartered Bank 
 
and any other Dealer appointed from time to time either generally in respect 
of the Programme or in relation to a particular Series of Certificates. 
Delegate: 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited 
 
Pursuant to the Master Trust Deed, the Trustee shall delegate to the 
Delegate certain of the present and future powers, authorities and 
discretions vested in the Trustee by certain provisions of the Master Trust 
Deed. In particular, the Delegate shall be entitled to (and, in certain 
circumstances, shall, subject to being indemnified and/or secured and/or 
pre-funded to its satisfaction, be obliged to) take enforcement action in the 
name of the Trustee against Dar Al-Arkan following a Dissolution Event. 
Principal Paying Agent: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Registrar and Transfer Agent: 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each Series denominated in a currency in respect of which particular laws, 
guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements apply will 
only be issued in circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to time (see 
“Subscription and Sale”). The proceeds of each Series will not be accepted 
in the UK except in compliance with applicable law, including article 5 of 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Regulated Activities) Order 
2001. 
Programme Size: 
Up to U.S.$2,500,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated 
as described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding at any time. The 
Trustee and Dar Al-Arkan may increase the size of the Programme in 
accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Issuance in Series: 
The Certificates will be issued in Series, the specific terms of which will 
be completed in the applicable Final Terms. 
Distribution: 
Certificates may be distributed by way of private or public placement and 
in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, any currency 
agreed between the Trustee, Dar Al-Arkan and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
The Certificates will have such maturities as may be agreed between the 
Trustee, Dar Al-Arkan and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum 
or maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time 
by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the Trustee or the relevant Specified Currency. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
In the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, such that any profit rate (or 
any component part thereof) cannot be determined by reference to the 
original benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, then the Trustee and Dar Al-Arkan may (subject to certain 
conditions) be permitted to substitute such benchmark and/or screen rate 
(as applicable) with a successor, replacement or alternative benchmark 
and/or screen rate (with consequent amendment to the terms of such Series 
of Certificates and, potentially, the application of an Adjustment Spread

--- Page 47 ---
35 
 
 
(which could be positive, negative or zero)). See Condition 8.4 for further 
information. 
Issue Price: 
Certificates may be issued at any price on a fully paid basis, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. The price and amount of Certificates to be 
issued under the Programme will be determined by the Trustee, Dar Al-
Arkan and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with 
prevailing market conditions. 
Form of Certificates: 
The Certificates will be issued in registered form as described in “Form of 
the Certificates”. The Certificates of each Series will be represented on 
issue by ownership interests in a Global Certificate which will be deposited 
with, and registered in the name of a nominee of, a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Ownership interests in each 
Global Certificate will be shown on, and transfers thereof will only be 
effected through, records maintained by each relevant clearing system and 
its participants. See “Form of the Certificates”. Definitive Certificates 
evidencing holdings of Certificates will be issued in exchange for 
ownership interests in a Global Certificate only in limited circumstances. 
Clearance and Settlement: 
Holders of the Certificates must hold their interest in the relevant Global 
Certificate in book-entry form through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. Transfers within and between Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will be in accordance with the usual rules and operating 
procedures of the relevant clearance systems. 
Face Amount of Certificates: 
The Certificates will be issued in such face amounts as may be agreed 
between the Trustee, Dar Al-Arkan and the relevant Dealer save that the 
minimum face amount of each Certificate will be such amount as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant 
Specified Currency, see “Certain Restrictions” above, and save that the 
minimum face amount of each Certificate admitted to trading on a regulated 
market within the EEA or offered to the public in a Member State of the 
EEA in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under 
the Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if the Certificates are 
issued in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such 
currency). 
Status of the Certificates: 
Each Certificate will evidence an undivided ownership interest of the 
Certificateholders in the Trust Assets of the relevant Series, will be a direct, 
unsubordinated, unsecured and limited recourse obligation of the Trustee 
and will rank pari passu, without any preference or priority, with all other 
Certificates of the relevant Series issued under the Programme. 
 
The Trust Assets of the relevant Series will be (a) the cash proceeds of the 
issue of the Certificates, pending application thereof in accordance with the 
terms of the Transaction Documents, (b) all of the Trustee’s rights, title, 
interest, benefits and entitlements, present and future, in, to and under the 
Lease Assets, (c) all of the Trustee’s rights, title, interest, benefits and 
entitlements, present and future, in, to and under the Transaction 
Documents (other than in relation to any representations given to the 
Trustee by Dar Al-Arkan pursuant to any of the Transaction Documents 
and any rights which have been expressly waived by the Trustee in any of 
the Transaction Documents), and (d) all monies standing to the credit of 
the relevant Transaction Account from time to time, and all proceeds of the 
foregoing, and such Trust Assets will be held upon trust absolutely for the 
Certificateholders pro rata according to the face amount of Certificates held

--- Page 48 ---
36 
 
 
by each Certificateholder for the relevant Series. 
Periodic Distributions: 
Certificateholders are entitled to receive Periodic Distribution Amounts 
calculated on the basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Redemption of Certificates: 
Unless the Certificates are previously redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled, the Certificates shall be redeemed by the Trustee at the relevant 
Dissolution Amount and on the relevant Scheduled Dissolution Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and the Trust in relation to the 
relevant Series will be dissolved by the Trustee. 
Dissolution Events: 
Upon the occurrence of any Dissolution Event, the Certificates may be 
redeemed in full on the Dissolution Date at the relevant Dissolution 
Amount, together with any accrued but unpaid Periodic Distribution 
Amount and the relevant Return Accumulation Period may be adjusted 
accordingly. See Condition 15. 
Early Dissolution for Tax 
Reasons: 
Upon the occurrence of a Tax Event and subject to certain conditions as set 
out in Condition 11.2, the Trustee shall, upon receipt of a duly completed 
exercise notice from Dar Al-Arkan in accordance with the Sale and 
Substitution Undertaking, redeem the Certificates in whole but, not in part, 
at the relevant Early Dissolution Amount (Tax) together with any accrued 
but unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts on the relevant Early Tax 
Dissolution Date, in accordance with 11.2. 
Dissolution at the Option of the 
Trustee: 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Trustee 
shall, upon receipt of a duly completed exercise notice from Dar Al-Arkan 
in accordance with the Sale and Substitution Undertaking, redeem the 
Certificates, in whole but not in part at the relevant Early Dissolution 
Amount (Trustee Call) on the relevant Early Dissolution Date (Trustee 
Call), in accordance with Condition 11.3. 
 
Early Dissolution (Trustee Call) and Certificateholder Put Right may not 
both be specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
Dissolution at the Option of 
Certificateholders: 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, 
Certificateholders may elect to redeem their Certificates on any 
Certificateholder Put Right Date(s) at the relevant Certificateholder Put 
Right Dissolution Amount together with any accrued but unpaid Periodic 
Distribution Amounts in accordance with Condition 11.4. 
Certificateholder Put Right and Early Dissolution (Trustee Call) may not 
both be specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
Dissolution at the Option of 
Certificateholders following a 
Change of Control: 
The Trustee shall, upon receipt of a written notice from Dar Al-Arkan, or 
otherwise upon having actual knowledge, of the occurrence of a Change of 
Control, promptly give notice (a Change of Control Notice) of the 
occurrence of a Change of Control to the Delegate and the 
Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 18. Upon receipt of the 
Change of Control Notice, Certificateholders may elect within the Change 
of Control Put Right Period to redeem their Certificates on the relevant 
Change of Control Put Right Date at the Change of Control Put Right 
Dissolution Amount together with any accrued but unpaid Periodic 
Distribution Amounts, in accordance with Condition 11.5. 
Dissolution at the Option of 
Certificateholders following 
Tangibility Event: 
The Trustee shall, upon receipt of a written notice from Dar Al-Arkan of 
the occurrence of a Tangibility Event in accordance with the Service 
Agency Agreement, promptly give notice (a Tangibility Event Notice) to 
the Delegate and the Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 18.

--- Page 49 ---
37 
 
 
Upon receipt of the Tangibility Event Notice, Certificateholders may elect 
within the Tangibility Event Put Period to redeem their Certificates on the 
relevant Tangibility Event Put Right Date at the Tangibility Event Put 
Right Dissolution Amount together with any accrued but unpaid Periodic 
Distribution Amounts, in accordance with Condition 11.6. 
Following the occurrence of a Tangibility Event, as determined in 
consultation with the Shari’a Adviser, the Certificates should be tradable 
only in accordance with the Shari’a principles of debt trading (such as the 
principle that debt is to be traded against assets and/or eligible commodities 
on a spot settlement basis). 
On the date falling 15 days following the Tangibility Event Put Right Date, 
the Certificates will be delisted from any stock exchange (if any) on which 
the Certificates have been admitted to listing. 
Dissolution following a Total 
Loss Event: 
Following the occurrence of a Total Loss Event in respect of a Series of 
Certificates and provided that the Lease Assets have not been replaced in 
accordance with the Service Agency Agreement, the relevant Supplemental 
Lease Agreement and the lease shall be automatically terminated on the 
date of occurrence of such Total Loss Event (and further payments of 
Rental shall cease to accrue on such date of occurrence of the Total Loss 
Event) in accordance with the Master Lease Agreement. The Trustee shall 
redeem the Certificates in whole, but not in part, on the relevant Total Loss 
Dissolution Date at the relevant Total Loss Dissolution Amount together 
with any accrued but unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts in accordance 
with Condition 11.7. 
Following the occurrence of a Total Loss Event in respect of a Series of 
Certificates and from the date of the Trading Notice and until any further 
notice from the Trustee, in consultation with the Shari’a Adviser, the 
Certificates should be tradable only in accordance with the Shari’a 
principles of debt trading (such as the principle that debt is to be traded 
against tangible assets and/or eligible commodities on a spot settlement 
basis). 
Partial Loss Event: 
Following the occurrence of a Partial Loss Event in respect of a Series of 
Certificates and provided that: 
(a) 
the Lease Assets have not been replaced in accordance with the 
Service Agency Agreement and a notice of termination (such 
notice, a Partial Loss Termination Notice) of the lease on the 
61st day after the date of occurrence of a Partial Loss Event has 
been delivered by Dar Al-Arkan to the Trustee within 30 days 
following the occurrence of the Partial Loss Event in accordance 
with the Master Lease Agreement, as supplemented by the 
relevant Supplemental Lease Agreement; or  
(b) 
the Lease Assets have not been replaced in accordance with the 
Service Agency Agreement, 
the relevant Supplemental Lease Agreement and the lease shall be 
automatically terminated on the 61st day following the occurrence of the 
Partial Loss Event (and further payments of Rental shall cease to accrue on 
such 61st day following the occurrence of the Partial Loss Event) in 
accordance with the Master Lease Agreement (such termination as a result 
of either of the circumstances described in (a) or (b), being a Partial Loss 
Dissolution Event). A Partial Loss Dissolution Event shall constitute a Dar 
Al-Arkan Event, which in turn shall constitute a Dissolution Event.

--- Page 50 ---
38 
 
 
Trustee Covenants: 
The Trustee has agreed to certain restrictive covenants as set out in 
Condition 5. 
Dar Al-Arkan and Restricted 
Subsidiary Covenants: 
Dar Al-Arkan has agreed to certain restrictive covenants limiting its ability 
and the ability of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, inter alia: 
 
(a) 
incur additional indebtedness; 
 
(b) 
pay dividends or make other distributions to shareholders; 
 
(c) 
enter into arrangements that restrict dividends or other payments 
from subsidiaries; 
 
(d) 
sell assets, including stock of subsidiaries; 
 
(e) 
enter into transactions with affiliates; 
 
(f) 
engage in different business activities; 
 
(g) 
create liens on assets to secure debt; 
 
(h) 
enter into sale and leaseback transactions; and 
 
(i) 
merge or consolidate with another company, 
as set out in Condition 6. 
 
If, on any date following the Issue Date of any Series, the relevant 
Certificates have an Investment Grade rating from both of the Rating 
Agencies and no Dissolution Event or Dar Al-Arkan Event has occurred 
and is continuing, certain covenants shall not apply to the relevant 
Certificates until such time, if any, as the relevant Certificates are 
downgraded below Investment Grade. 
Cancellation of Certificates held 
by Dar Al-Arkan and/or any of 
its Subsidiaries: 
Pursuant to Condition 14, Dar Al-Arkan and/or any of its Subsidiaries may 
at any time purchase Certificates in the open market or otherwise. If Dar 
Al-Arkan wishes to cancel such Certificates purchased by it and/or any of 
its Subsidiaries, Dar Al-Arkan will deliver those Certificates to the 
Principal Paying Agent for cancellation on the next succeeding Periodic 
Distribution Date. 
Withholding Tax: 
All payments in respect of Certificates by the Trustee shall be made without 
withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any Taxes. In such event, 
the Trustee will, save in the limited circumstances provided in Condition 
12, be required to pay additional amounts so that the holders of the 
Certificates will receive the full amounts that they would have received in 
the absence of any such withholding or deduction. 
Further, in accordance with the Master Trust Deed, Dar Al-Arkan has 
unconditionally and irrevocably undertaken to (irrespective of the payment 
of any fee), as a continuing obligation, in the event that the Trustee fails to 
comply with any obligation to pay additional amounts pursuant to 
Condition 12, pay to or to the order of the Delegate (for the benefit of the 
Certificateholders) such net amounts as are necessary so that the amount 
receivable by the Delegate (after any withholding or deduction for or an 
account of Taxes) equals any and all additional amounts, required to be 
paid by it in respect of the Certificates pursuant to Condition 12.

--- Page 51 ---
39 
 
 
The Transaction Documents to which it is a party provide that payments 
thereunder by Dar Al-Arkan shall be made without any withholding or 
deduction for, or on account of, any taxes unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law and, in the event there is any such withholding 
or deduction required by law in the Kingdom, provide for the payment by 
Dar Al-Arkan of such additional amounts as will result in the receipt by 
Trustee of the net amounts as would have been receivable by it if no such 
withholding or deduction had been made. 
Ratings: 
The ratings assigned to certain Series to be issued under the Programme 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. A rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities, does not address the 
likelihood or timing of payment and may be subject to revision, suspension 
or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.  
Certificateholder Meetings: 
A summary of the provisions for convening meetings of Certificateholders 
of each Series to consider matters relating to their interests as such is set 
out in Condition 19. 
Tax Considerations: 
See “Taxation” for a description of certain tax considerations applicable to 
the Certificates. 
Listing and Admission to 
Trading: 
Application has been made to the Euronext Dublin for Certificates issued 
under the Programme to be admitted to the Official List and for such 
Certificates to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin. 
 
Certificates may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the Trustee, 
Dar Al-Arkan and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. Certificates 
which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may also be 
issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Certificates are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which 
stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Transaction Documents: 
The Transaction Documents in relation to each Series are the Master Trust 
Deed, as supplemented by the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed, the 
Agency Agreement, the Master Purchase Agreement, as supplemented by 
the relevant Supplemental Purchase Agreement, the Master Lease 
Agreement, as supplemented by the relevant Supplemental Lease 
Agreement, the Service Agency Agreement, the Purchase Undertaking, the 
Sale and Substitution Undertaking and the Master Murabaha Agreement 
(together with all documents, notices of request to purchase, offer notices 
and acceptances delivered or entered into as contemplated by the Master 
Murabaha Agreement in connection with the relevant Series). 
Governing Law and Dispute 
Resolution: 
The Certificates of each Series and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with the Certificates of each Series will be governed 
by, and construed in accordance with, English law. 
 
The Transaction Documents (other than the Master Purchase Agreement, 
the relevant Supplemental Purchase Agreement, the Master Lease 
Agreement and the relevant Supplemental Lease Agreement) and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the same will 
be governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law.  
In respect of any dispute under any Transaction Document to which it is a

--- Page 52 ---
40 
 
 
party, Dar Al-Arkan has agreed to arbitration in London under the LCIA 
Arbitration Rules. 
The Master Purchase Agreement, the relevant Supplemental Purchase 
Agreement, the Master Lease Agreement and the relevant Supplemental 
Lease Agreement will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
the laws and regulations of the Kingdom.    
 
The Corporate Services Agreement will be governed by the laws of the 
Cayman Islands and will be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the 
courts of the Cayman Islands. 
Limited Recourse: 
Each Certificate represents solely an undivided ownership interest in the 
relevant Trust Assets. No payment of any amount whatsoever shall be made 
in respect of the Certificates except to the extent that funds for that purpose 
are available for the relevant Trust Assets. 
 
Certificateholders will otherwise have no recourse to any assets of the 
Trustee, the Delegate, the Agents or Dar Al-Arkan in respect of any 
shortfall in the expected amounts due under the relevant Trust Assets to the 
extent the Trust Assets have been exhausted, following which all 
obligations of the Trustee shall be extinguished. Under no circumstances 
shall the Trustee, the Delegate or any Certificateholders have any right to 
cause the sale or other disposition of any of the Trust Assets except 
pursuant to the terms of the Transaction Documents or under these 
Conditions and the sole right of the Trustee, the Delegate and the 
Certificateholders against Dar Al-Arkan shall be to enforce its obligations 
under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the 
offer or sale of Certificates in the United States, the EEA, the UK, the 
Cayman Islands, Japan, the Kingdom, the United Arab Emirates (excluding 
the Dubai International Financial Centre), the Dubai International Financial 
Centre, Kingdom of Bahrain, State of Qatar (excluding the Qatar Financial 
Centre), Singapore, Hong Kong and Malaysia. 
United States Selling 
Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2.

--- Page 53 ---
41 
 
 
FORM OF THE CERTIFICATES 
The Certificates of each Series will be in registered form. Certificates will be issued outside the United States to 
persons who are not U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S. 
Each Series will initially be represented by a global certificate in registered form (a Global Certificate). Global 
Certificates will be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream 
Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg) and will be registered in the name of a nominee for the common 
depositary. Persons holding ownership interests in Global Certificates will be entitled or required, as the case may 
be, under the circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of definitive Certificates in fully 
registered form. 
Payments of any amount in respect of each Global Certificate will, in the absence of any provision to the contrary, 
be made to the person shown on the relevant Register (as defined in Condition 1.2) as the registered holder of the 
relevant Global Certificate. None of the Trustee, the Delegate, any Agent will have any responsibility or liability 
for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of ownership interests in the Global 
Certificates or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such ownership interests. 
Payment of any amounts in respect of Certificates in definitive form will, in the absence of any provision to the 
contrary, be made to the persons shown on the relevant Register on the relevant Record Date (as defined in 
Condition 9.1) immediately preceding the due date for payment in the manner provided in the Conditions. 
Interests in a Global Certificate will be exchangeable (free of charge) in whole, but not in part, for definitive 
Certificates only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. The Trustee will promptly give notice to 
Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 18 if an Exchange Event occurs. For these purposes, Exchange 
Event means that (i) a Dissolution Event (as defined in Condition 15) has occurred and is continuing, or (ii) the 
Trustee has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an 
intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and, in any such case, no successor clearing system 
satisfactory to the Trustee is available. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, any of the Trustee or 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Global 
Certificate) may give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange. 
In such circumstances, the relevant Global Certificate shall be exchanged in full for Definitive Certificates and 
the Trustee will, at its own cost (but against such indemnity as the Registrar or any relevant Transfer Agent may 
require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with 
such exchange), cause sufficient Definitive Certificates to be executed and delivered to the Registrar within 15 
days following the request for exchange for completion and dispatch to the relevant Certificateholders. A person 
having an interest in a Global Certificate must provide the Registrar with a written order containing instructions 
and such other information as the Trustee and the Registrar may require to complete, execute and deliver such 
Definitive Certificates. 
General 
For so long as any of the Certificates is represented by a Global Certificate held on behalf of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time 
being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular face amount 
of such Certificates in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as to the face amount of such Certificates standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive 
and binding for all purposes (save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Trustee, the Delegate and 
their respective agents as the holder of such face amount of such Certificates for all purposes other than with 
respect to any payment on such face amount of such Certificates, for which purpose the registered holder of the 
relevant Global Certificate shall be treated by the Trustee, the Delegate and their respective agents as the holder 
of such face amount of such Certificates in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global 
Certificate and the expressions Certificateholder and holder of Certificates and related expressions shall be 
construed accordingly. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 54 ---
42 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Certificates has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Certificates is 
eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Certificates to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Certificates (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Certificates (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Certificates has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Certificates is 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR), only; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Certificates to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Certificates (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Certificates (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of 
Singapore, as amended or modified from time to time (the SFA) - [Notice to be included if classification of the 
Certificates is not "prescribed capital markets products", pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA].] 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Series issued under the Programme. 
[Date] 
Dar Al-Arkan Sukuk Company Ltd. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 5493000UYHRBXEIYUQ69 
Issue of [Aggregate Face Amount of Series] [Title of Certificates] 
under the 
U.S.$2,500,000,000 
Trust Certificate Issuance Programme 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 7 June 2022 [and the Supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [  ]] [which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation]*. This document constitutes the 
Final Terms of the Certificates described herein [for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation]* and must be read 
in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain all the relevant information. Full 
information on the Trustee and Dar Al-Arkan Real Estate Development Company and the offer of the Certificates 
is only available on the basis of a combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. 
The Base Prospectus [and these Final Terms]* [has/have] been published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(www.live.euronext.com). 
                                                          
* To be included only if the Certificates are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market, and listing on the Official List, of Euronext 
Dublin.

--- Page 55 ---
43 
 
 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. 
Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
[If the Certificates have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination 
may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
1. 
Trustee: 
Dar Al-Arkan Sukuk Company Ltd. 
2. 
Dar Al-Arkan: 
Dar Al-Arkan Real Estate Development Company 
3. 
Series Number: 
[ ] 
4. 
Specified Currency: 
[ ] 
5. 
Aggregate Face Amount of Series: 
[ ] 
6. 
Issue Price: 
[ ] per cent. of the Aggregate Face Amount 
7. 
(a)     Specified Denominations: 
[ ] 
(this means the minimum integral face 
amount in which transfers can be made) 
(N.B. Certificates must have a minimum denomination 
of €100,000 (or equivalent).) 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (in relation to the 
calculation of the Periodic Distribution 
Amount whilst the Certificates are in 
global form, see the Conditions): 
[ ]  
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor. Note: 
There must be a common factor in the case of two or 
more Specified Denominations.) 
8. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[ ] 
(b) 
Return Accrual Commencement Date: 
[Issue Date][specify other date] 
9. 
Scheduled Dissolution Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Periodic Distribution 
Certificates) Periodic Distribution Date falling in or 
nearest to the relevant month and year.] 
10. 
Periodic Distribution Amount Basis: 
[[ ] per cent. Fixed Periodic Distribution Amount] [[ ] 
month [EURIBOR/SAIBOR]] +/- [ ] per cent. 
 
Floating Periodic Distribution Amount] (see paragraph 
[15] [16] below) 
11. 
Dissolution Basis: 
Dissolution at par 
12. 
Change of Periodic Distribution Basis: 
[Specify the date when any Fixed to Floating 
Distribution Amount Basis change occurs. Cross refer 
to paragraphs 15 and 16 below and identify there.] 
[Not Applicable] 
13. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[Certificateholder Put Right] 
 
[Early Dissolution (Trustee Call)] 
 
(see paragraph [17] [18] below) 
14. 
Status: 
Unsubordinated

--- Page 56 ---
44 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO PERIODIC DISTRIBUTIONS PAYABLE 
15. 
Fixed Periodic Distribution Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) Rate[s]: 
[ ] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
(b) Periodic Distribution Date(s): 
[[ ] in each year up to and including the Scheduled 
Dissolution Date] 
(c) Fixed Amount(s): 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
(d) Broken Amount(s): 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Periodic 
Distribution Date falling [in/on] [ ]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(Insert particulars of any initial or final broken 
Periodic 
Distribution 
Amounts 
which 
do 
not 
correspond with the Fixed Amount(s) specified under 
paragraph 15(c)) 
(e) Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[ ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
(Insert regular periodic distribution dates, ignoring 
issue date or scheduled dissolution date in the case of a 
long or short first or last return accumulation period 
 
N.B. This will need to be amended in the case of regular 
periodic distribution dates which are not of equal 
duration 
 
N.B. Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
16. 
Floating Periodic Distribution Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) Specified Periodic Distribution Dates: 
[[ ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (c) below, not 
subject to adjustment, as the Business Day Convention 
in (c) below is specified to be Not Applicable]][Not 
Applicable] 
 
(Specified Period and Specified Periodic Distribution 
Dates are alternatives. If the Business Day Convention 
is the Floating Rate Convention, insert “Not 
Applicable”) 
(b) Specified Period: 
[[ ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (c) below/, not 
subject to adjustment, as the Business Day Convention 
in (c) below is specified to be Not Applicable]][Not 
Applicable] 
 
(Specified Period and Specified Periodic Distribution 
Dates are alternatives. A Specified Period, rather than 
Specified Periodic Distribution Dates, will only be

--- Page 57 ---
45 
 
 
relevant if the Business Day Convention is the Floating 
Rate Convention. Otherwise, insert “Not Applicable”) 
(c) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] [Not 
Applicable] 
(d) Additional Business Centre(s): 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
(e) Manner in which the Rate(s) is/are to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination (Condition 8.3) applies] 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Reference Rate: 
[ ] month [EURIBOR/SAIBOR] 
(ii) Periodic Distribution Determination 
Date: 
[ ] 
 
(The second day on which the TARGET2 System is open 
prior to the start of each Return Accumulation Period 
if EURIBOR and second Riyadh business day prior to 
the start of each Return Accumulation Period if 
SAIBOR) 
(iii) Relevant Screen Page: 
[ ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01, 
or, in the case of SAIBOR, if not Reuters Screen SUAA 
Page across from the caption “AVG”, ensure it is a 
page which shows a composite rate) 
(g) Margin: 
[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum 
(h) Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Return Accumulation Period 
shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify 
for each short or long return accumulation period)] 
(i) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(j) 
Calculation Agent: 
[Principal Paying Agent] [ ] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO DISSOLUTION 
17. 
Early Dissolution (Trustee Call): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 58 ---
46 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs 
of this paragraph. N.B. For Shari’a reasons, Early 
Dissolution (Trustee Call) and Certificateholder Put 
Right cannot both be specified as applicable for a 
particular Series) 
(a) Early Dissolution Amount (Trustee Call): 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount] 
(b) Early Dissolution Date (Trustee Call):  
[ ] 
 
(N.B. If the Floating Periodic Distribution Provisions 
are applicable, the Optional Dissolution Date must be 
a Periodic Distribution Date) 
18. 
Certificateholder Put Right: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph. N.B. For Shari’a reasons, 
Certificateholder Put Right and Early Dissolution 
(Trustee Call) cannot both be specified as applicable 
for a particular Series) 
(a) Certificateholder Put Right Dissolution 
Amount: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount] 
(b) Certificateholder Put Right Date(s): 
[ ] 
(c) Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [ ] days 
Maximum period: [ ] days 
19. 
Change of Control Dissolution Amount: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount] 
20. 
Tangibility Event Put Right Dissolution 
Amount: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount] 
21. 
Final Dissolution Amount: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount] [Note: this must be par] 
22. 
Early Dissolution Amount (Tax): 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount] [Note: this must be par] 
23. 
Clean Up Dissolution Amount: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount] [Note: this must be par] 
24. 
Dissolution Amount pursuant to Condition 15: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount] [Note: this must be par] 
25. 
Total Loss Dissolution Amount: 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount [Note: this must be par]] 
(together with any other amount payable following a 
Total Loss Event pursuant to the Service Agency 
Agreement) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE CERTIFICATES 
26. 
Form of Certificates: 
Global Certificate exchangeable for Certificates in 
definitive registered form in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Global Certificate 
27. 
Additional Financial Centres: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the place of 
payment and not Return Accumulation Period end 
dates, to which sub-paragraph 16(d) relates)

--- Page 59 ---
47 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE TRUST ASSETS 
28. 
Series: 
(a) Ijara Percentage: 
(b) Murabaha Percentage: 
 
[ ] per cent. 
[ ] per cent. 
29. 
Details of Transaction Account: 
Dar Al-Arkan Sukuk Company Ltd. 
Transaction Account No: [ ]  
 
RESPONSIBILITY 
Each of the Trustee and Dar Al-Arkan accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. 
Signed on behalf of 
 
DAR AL-ARKAN SUKUK COMPANY LTD. 
 
By:  
 
Duly authorised 
 
 
Signed on behalf of 
 
DAR AL-ARKAN REAL ESTATE DEVELOPMENT COMPANY 
 
By:  
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 60 ---
48 
 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application [[has been]/[will be]] made by the Trustee 
(or on its behalf) for the Certificates to be admitted to 
trading on [Euronext Dublin’s regulated market and 
listing on the Official List of Euronext Dublin] with 
effect from [ ].] 
 
[Not Applicable.] 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[ ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Certificates to be issued [[have been]/[are expected 
to be]] rated [insert details] by [insert the legal name of 
the relevant credit rating agency entity(ies)].] 
[Each of [insert the legal name of the relevant credit 
rating agency entity(ies)] is established in the European 
Union and is registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 
(as 
amended) 
(the 
CRA 
Regulation).]/[Each of [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies)] is established 
in the United Kingdom and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA Regulation).] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealer], so far as each of the Trustee and Dar Al-Arkan is 
aware, no person involved in the issue of the Certificates has an interest material to the offer. The 
[Managers/Dealer] and [their/its] affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, Dar Al-Arkan 
and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business for which they may receive fees - Amend as appropriate 
if there are other interests.] 
4. 
[PROFIT OR RETURN (Fixed Periodic Distribution Certificates only) 
Indication of profit or return: 
The profit or return is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future 
profit or return.] 
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[ ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[ ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned

--- Page 61 ---
49 
 
 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[ ]

--- Page 62 ---
50 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
The following is the text of the Terms and Conditions of the Certificates which (subject to modification and except 
for the text in italics) will be endorsed on each Certificate in definitive form issued under the Programme and will 
apply to each Global Certificate. 
Dar Al-Arkan Sukuk Company Ltd. (in its capacities as issuer and trustee, the Trustee) has established a 
programme (the Programme) for the issuance of up to U.S.$2,500,000,000 in aggregate face amount of trust 
certificates. In these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions), references to Certificates shall be references to the 
trust certificates which are the subject of the applicable Final Terms and references to the applicable Final Terms 
are to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Certificate. 
Certificates issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a Series). The expression Prospectus 
Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Each of the Certificates will represent an undivided ownership interest in the Trust Assets (as defined in 
Condition 4.1) which are held by the Trustee on trust (the Trust) for, inter alia, the benefit of the registered 
holders of the Certificates pursuant to (i) an amended and restated Master Trust Deed (the Master Trust Deed) 
dated 7 June 2022 and made between the Trustee, Dar Al-Arkan Real Estate Development Company (Dar Al-
Arkan) and Deutsche Trustee Company Limited (the Delegate which expression shall include any co-Delegate 
or any successor) and (ii) a supplemental trust deed (the Supplemental Trust Deed and, together with the Master 
Trust Deed, the Trust Deed) dated the Issue Date and made between the parties to the Master Trust Deed. 
Payments relating to the Certificates will be made pursuant to an amended and restated agency agreement dated 
7 June 2022 (the Agency Agreement) made between the Trustee, the Delegate, Dar Al-Arkan, Deutsche Bank 
AG, London Branch in its capacities as principal paying agent (in such capacity, the Principal Paying Agent, 
which expression shall include any successor and, together with any further or other paying agents appointed from 
time to time in accordance with the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents, which expression shall include any 
successors) and calculation agent (in such capacity, the Calculation Agent, which expression shall include any 
successor) and Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. in its capacities as a registrar (in such capacity, the Registrar, 
which expression shall include any successor) and as transfer agent (in such capacity and together with the 
Registrar, the Transfer Agents, which expression shall include any successors). The Paying Agents, the 
Calculation Agent, the Registrar and the Transfer Agents are together referred to in these Conditions as the 
Agents. 
Words and expressions defined in the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms 
shall have the same meanings where used in these Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between any such document and the applicable 
Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. In addition, in these Conditions: 
(a) 
any reference to face amount shall be deemed to include the relevant Dissolution Amount (as defined in 
Condition 9.1), any additional amounts (other than relating to Periodic Distribution Amounts (as defined 
in Condition 7.2)) which may be payable under Condition 12, and any other amount in the nature of face 
amounts payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(b) 
any reference to Periodic Distribution Amounts shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in 
respect of profit distributions which may be payable under Condition 12 and any other amount in the 
nature of a profit distribution payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(c) 
references to Certificates being “outstanding” shall be construed in accordance with the Master Trust 
Deed; and 
(d) 
any reference to a Transaction Document (as defined below) shall be construed as a reference to that 
Transaction Document as amended and/or supplemented from time to time. 
Subject as set out below, copies of the Transaction Documents (as defined in Condition 23) (i) are available for 
inspection and obtainable free of charge by the Certificateholders during normal business hours at the specified 
office for the time being of the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent and/or (ii) may be provided by e-mail to a 
Certificateholder holding one or more Certificates following its prior written request to the Principal Paying Agent 
and the provision of evidence satisfactory to the Principal Paying Agent as to its holding of such Certificates and

--- Page 63 ---
51 
 
 
identity. The holders of the Certificates (the Certificateholders) are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by, and 
are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Transaction Documents. 
The statements in these Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust 
Deed, the Agency Agreement and the remaining Transaction Documents. 
Each initial Certificateholder, by its acquisition and holding of its interest in a Certificate, shall be deemed to 
authorise and direct the Trustee, on behalf of the Certificateholders (i) to apply the proceeds of the issue of the 
Certificates in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents; and (ii) to enter into each Transaction 
Document to which it is a party, subject to the provisions of the Trust Deed and these Conditions. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
1.1 
Form and Denomination 
The Certificates are issued in registered form in the Specified Denominations and, in the case of 
Certificates in definitive form, are serially numbered. 
For so long as any of the Certificates is represented by a Global Certificate held on behalf of Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), each person 
(other than another clearing system) who is for the time being shown in the records of either such clearing 
system as the holder of a particular face amount of such Certificates (in which regard any certificate or 
other document issued by a clearing system as to the face amount of such Certificates standing to the 
account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) 
shall be treated by the Trustee, the Delegate, Dar Al-Arkan and the Agents as the holder of such face 
amount of such Certificates for all purposes other than with respect to payment in respect of such 
Certificates, for which purpose the registered holder of the Global Certificate shall be treated by the 
Trustee, the Delegate, Dar Al-Arkan and any Agent as the holder of such face amount of such Certificates 
in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Certificate and the expressions 
Certificateholder and holder in relation to any Certificates and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
In determining whether a particular person is entitled to a particular face amount of Certificates as 
aforesaid, the Delegate may rely on such evidence and/or information and/or certification as it shall, in 
its absolute discretion, think fit and, if it does so rely, such evidence and/or information and/or 
certification shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all concerned. 
Each holder must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for its share 
of each payment made to the registered holder of the Global Certificate. References to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to 
any additional or alternative Clearing System specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
1.2 
Register 
The Registrar will maintain a register (the Register) of Certificateholders outside the United Kingdom 
in respect of the Certificates in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. In the case of 
Certificates in definitive form, a definitive Certificate will be issued to each Certificateholder in respect 
of its registered holding of Certificates. 
1.3 
Title 
The Trustee, the Delegate, Dar Al-Arkan and the Agents may (to the fullest extent permitted by 
applicable laws) deem and treat the person in whose name any outstanding Certificate is for the time 
being registered (as set out in the Register) as the holder of such Certificate or of a particular face amount 
of the Certificates for all purposes (whether or not such Certificate or face amount shall be overdue and 
notwithstanding any notice of ownership thereof or of trust or other interest with regard thereto, and any 
notice of loss or theft or any writing thereon), and the Trustee, the Delegate, Dar Al-Arkan and the Agents 
shall not be affected by any notice to the contrary. 
All payments made to such registered holder shall be valid and, to the extent of the sums so paid, effective 
to satisfy and discharge the liability for monies payable in respect of such Certificate or face amount.

--- Page 64 ---
52 
 
 
2. 
TRANSFERS OF CERTIFICATES 
2.1 
Transfers of beneficial interests in the Global Certificate 
Transfers of beneficial interests in the Global Certificate will be effected by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, indirect 
participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of transferors and transferees of such interests. A 
beneficial interest in the Global Certificate will, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and 
regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Certificates in definitive form only in the Specified 
Denomination or integral multiples thereof and only in accordance with the rules and operating 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in 
accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement. 
2.2 
Transfers of Certificates in definitive form 
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement, a 
Certificate in definitive form may be transferred in whole or in part (in the Specified Denomination or 
an integral multiple thereof). In order to effect any such transfer the holder or holders must (i) surrender 
the definitive Certificate for registration of the transfer thereof (or the relevant part thereof) at the 
specified office of any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or 
holders thereof or his or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing and (ii) complete and 
deposit such other certifications as may be required by the relevant Transfer Agent. Any such transfer 
will be subject to such regulations as the Trustee, Dar Al-Arkan, the Delegate and the Registrar may from 
time to time prescribe (the initial such regulations being scheduled to the Master Trust Deed). 
Subject as provided above, the relevant Transfer Agent will, within five business days (being for this 
purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the relevant 
Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or such longer period as may be required to comply with any 
applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations), and following receipt of a signed new Certificate in 
definitive form from the Trustee, deliver at its specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the 
transferee) send by uninsured mail to such address as the transferee may request a new Certificate in 
definitive form of a like aggregate face amount to the Certificate (or the relevant part of the Certificate) 
transferred. In the case of the transfer of part only of a Certificate in definitive form, a new Certificate in 
definitive form in respect of the balance of the Certificate not transferred will be so delivered or (at the 
risk of the transferor) sent to the transferor. 
No Certificateholder may require the transfer of a Certificate in definitive form to be registered during 
the period of 15 days ending on a Periodic Distribution Date, the Scheduled Dissolution Date, a 
Dissolution Date or any other date on which any payment of the face amount or payment of any profit in 
respect of a Certificate falls due. 
2.3 
Costs of registration 
Certificateholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of 
transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular uninsured 
mail and except that the Trustee may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp duty, 
tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration. 
3. 
STATUS AND LIMITED RECOURSE 
3.1 
Status 
Each Certificate evidences an undivided ownership interest in the Trust Assets, subject to the terms of 
the Trust Deed and these Conditions, and is a direct, unsubordinated, unsecured and limited recourse 
obligation of the Trustee. Each Certificate ranks pari passu, without any preference or priority, with the 
other Certificates. 
The payment obligations of Dar Al-Arkan (acting in any capacity) under the Transaction Documents to 
which it is a party will be direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of 
Condition 6.7) unsecured obligations of Dar Al-Arkan and shall at all times rank at least pari passu with 
all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of Dar Al-Arkan, save for such 
obligations mandatorily preferred by law.

--- Page 65 ---
53 
 
 
3.2 
Limited Recourse 
The Certificates do not represent an interest in any of the Trustee, Dar Al-Arkan, the Delegate, the Agents 
or any of their respective affiliates. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any Transaction Document, no payment 
of any amount whatsoever shall be made in respect of the Certificates by the Trustee, the Delegate or 
any of their respective directors, officers or agents (including any corporate administrator) except to the 
extent that funds are available therefor from the Trust Assets.  
By subscribing for or acquiring the Certificates, the Certificateholders acknowledge that no recourse may 
be had for the payment of any amount owing in respect of the Certificates against the Trustee, Dar Al-
Arkan, the Delegate or the Agents or any of their respective directors, officers or agents to the extent the 
Trust Assets have been exhausted following which all obligations of the Trustee, Dar Al-Arkan, the 
Delegate and the Agents or any of their respective agents shall be extinguished. 
No recourse (whether by institution or enforcement of any legal proceeding or assessment or otherwise) 
in respect of any breach of any duty, obligation, covenant or agreement contained in these Conditions or 
any Transaction Document shall be had against any shareholder, member, officer, agent (including any 
corporate administrator) or director of the Trustee, Dar Al-Arkan, the Delegate or the Agents, as the case 
may be, as such by virtue of any customary law, statute or otherwise. The obligations of the Trustee, Dar 
Al-Arkan, the Delegate and the Agents under these Conditions or any Transaction Document are 
corporate or limited liability obligations of the Trustee, Dar Al-Arkan, the Delegate and the Agents and 
any and all personal liability of the shareholders, members, officers, agents (including any corporate 
administrator) or directors of the Trustee, Dar Al-Arkan, the Delegate and the Agents is hereby expressly 
waived and excluded to the extent permitted by law. 
The net proceeds of the realisation of, or enforcement with respect to, the Trust Assets may not be 
sufficient to make all payments and/or deliveries due in respect of the Certificates. If, following 
distribution of such proceeds, there remains a shortfall in payments and/or deliveries due under the 
Certificates, no Certificateholder will have any claim against the Trustee, Dar Al-Arkan, the Delegate, 
the Agents or any of their respective shareholders, members, officers, directors or agents (including any 
corporate administrator) or any of their affiliates or recourse to any of their assets in respect of such 
shortfall and any unsatisfied claims of Certificateholders shall be extinguished. In addition, no 
Certificateholder will be able to petition for, or join any other person in instituting proceedings for, the 
reorganisation, liquidation, winding-up or receivership of Dar Al-Arkan (to the extent that it fulfils all of 
its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party), or any of the Trustee, the 
Delegate, the Agents and/or any of their affiliates as a consequence of such shortfall or otherwise. 
4. 
THE TRUST 
4.1 
The Trust Assets 
Pursuant to the Trust Deed, the Trustee holds the Trust Assets upon trust absolutely for the holders of 
the Certificates pro rata according to the face amount of Certificates held by each holder. The term Trust 
Assets means: 
(a) 
the cash proceeds of the issue of the Certificates, pending application thereof in accordance with 
the terms of the Transaction Documents; 
(b) 
all of the Trustee’s rights, title, interest, benefits and entitlements, present and future, in, to and 
under the Lease Assets; 
(c) 
all of the Trustee’s rights, title, interest, benefits and entitlements, present and future, in, to and 
under the Transaction Documents (other than in relation to any representations given to the 
Trustee by Dar Al-Arkan pursuant to any of the Transaction Documents and any rights which 
have been expressly waived by the Trustee in any of the Transaction Documents); and 
(d) 
all monies standing to the credit of the Transaction Account from time to time, 
and all proceeds of the foregoing.

--- Page 66 ---
54 
 
 
4.2 
Application of Proceeds from the Trust Assets 
On each Periodic Distribution Date and on the Scheduled Dissolution Date or any earlier Dissolution 
Date, the monies standing to the credit of the Transaction Account shall be applied in the following order 
of priority: 
(a) 
first, (to the extent not previously paid) to pay the Delegate and/or any Appointee an amount 
equal to any sum payable to it on account of its properly incurred fees and Liabilities and to pay 
or provide for the payment or satisfaction of any Liability incurred (or expected to be incurred) 
by the Delegate and/or any Appointee in each case pursuant to the Trust Deed or in connection 
with any of the other Transaction Documents or these Conditions; 
(b) 
second, (to the extent not previously paid) to pay, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, each Agent 
and the Trustee Administrator (as long as such amount has been notified to the Principal Paying 
Agent not less than 30 Business Days prior to the Periodic Distribution Date, Scheduled 
Dissolution Date or other Dissolution Date (as the case may be)) an amount equal to any sum 
payable to each of them on account of its properly incurred fees and Liabilities and to pay or 
provide for the payment or satisfaction of any Liability incurred (or reasonably expected to be 
incurred) by such Agents and/or the Trustee Administrator (as long as such amount has been 
notified to the Principal Paying Agent not less than 30 Business Days prior to the Periodic 
Distribution Date, Scheduled Dissolution Date or other Dissolution Date (as the case may be)) 
pursuant to the Agency Agreement, the Corporate Services Agreement and the Registered 
Office Agreement, as the case may be; 
(c) 
third, only if payment is due on a Periodic Distribution Date, to the Principal Paying Agent for 
application in or towards payment to the Certificateholders pari passu and rateably of all 
Periodic Distribution Amounts due but unpaid; 
(d) 
fourth, only if payment is made on a Dissolution Date, to the Principal Paying Agent for 
application in or towards payment to the Certificateholders pari passu and rateably of the 
Dissolution Amount due on such Dissolution Date; and 
(e) 
fifth, only if payment is made on a Dissolution Date and provided that all amounts required to 
be paid in respect of the Certificates hereunder have been discharged in full, in payment of any 
residual amount to Dar Al-Arkan. 
5. 
TRUSTEE COVENANTS 
The Trustee covenants that, for so long as any Certificate is outstanding, it will not (without the prior 
written consent of the Delegate): 
(a) 
incur any indebtedness in respect of borrowed money whatsoever (whether structured in 
accordance with the principles of the Shari’a or otherwise), give any guarantee or indemnity in 
respect of any obligation of any person or issue any shares (or rights, warrants or options in 
respect of shares or securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares) or any other 
certificates, or provide any promissory note (or any other similar instrument) under the laws of 
any jurisdiction except, in all cases, as contemplated in the Transaction Documents; 
(b) 
secure any of its present or future indebtedness for borrowed money or any other financing by 
any lien, pledge, charge or other security interest or quasi-security interest (including netting or 
set-off arrangements) upon any of its present or future assets, properties or revenues (other than 
those arising by operation of law and other than under or pursuant to any Transaction 
Document); 
(c) 
sell, lease, transfer, assign, participate, exchange or otherwise dispose of, or pledge, mortgage, 
hypothecate or otherwise encumber (by security interest, lien (statutory or otherwise), 
preference, priority or other security agreement or preferential arrangement of any kind or 
nature whatsoever or otherwise) (or permit such to occur or suffer such to exist), any part of its 
ownership interest in any of the Trust Assets except pursuant to the Transaction Documents and 
in accordance with the principles of Shari’a;

--- Page 67 ---
55 
 
 
(d) 
use the proceeds of the issue of the Certificates for any purpose other than as provided for under 
the Transaction Documents; 
(e) 
amend or agree to any amendment of any Transaction Document to which it is a party (other 
than in accordance with the terms thereof) or its memorandum and articles of association; 
(f) 
act as trustee in respect of any trust other than a trust corresponding to any other Series issued 
under the Programme; 
(g) 
have any subsidiaries or employees; 
(h) 
redeem or purchase any of its shares or pay any dividend or make any other distribution to its 
shareholders; 
(i) 
put to its directors or shareholders any resolution for, or appoint any liquidator for, its 
winding-up or any resolution for the commencement of any other bankruptcy or insolvency 
proceeding with respect to it; and 
(j) 
enter into any contract, transaction, amendment, obligation or liability other than the 
Transaction Documents to which it is a party or any permitted amendment or supplement thereto 
or as expressly permitted or required thereunder or engage in any business or activity other than: 
(i) 
as provided for or permitted in the Transaction Documents; 
(ii) 
the ownership, management and disposal of Trust Assets as provided for in the 
Transaction Documents; and 
(iii) 
such other matters which are incidental thereto. 
6. 
DAR AL-ARKAN COVENANTS 
6.1 
Limitation on Indebtedness 
Dar Al-Arkan covenants, for so long as any Certificate is outstanding, as set out in this Condition 6.1: 
(a) 
Dar Al-Arkan will not, and will not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, Incur, directly or 
indirectly, any Indebtedness; provided, however, that Dar Al-Arkan and any Restricted 
Subsidiary will be entitled to Incur Indebtedness if, on the date of such Incurrence and after 
giving effect thereto on a pro forma basis, the Consolidated Coverage Ratio is (for so long as 
any 2023 Sukuk Certificate is outstanding) at least 2.0 to 1.0, (for so long as any 2025 Sukuk 
Certificate or 2027 Sukuk Certificate is outstanding) at least 1.75 to 1.0 and (at any time 
thereafter) at least 1.5 to 1.0. 
(b) 
Notwithstanding Condition 6.1(a), Dar Al-Arkan and the Restricted Subsidiaries will be entitled 
to Incur any or all of the following Indebtedness: 
(i) 
Indebtedness Incurred by Dar Al-Arkan pursuant to a Credit Facility; provided, 
however, that, after giving effect to any such Incurrence, the aggregate principal 
amount of all Indebtedness Incurred under this Condition 6.1(b)(i) and then 
outstanding does not exceed SAR 2.5 billion. The maximum threshold of SAR 2.5 
billion pursuant to this Condition 6.1(b)(i) shall only be applicable with effect from the 
earlier of (A) the date on which the terms and conditions of each of the 2023 Sukuk 
Certificates, the 2025 Sukuk Certificates and the 2027 Sukuk Certificates are amended 
to contain such maximum threshold; and (B) the date on which no 2023 Sukuk 
Certificate, 2025 Sukuk Certificate or 2027 Sukuk Certificate is outstanding. Prior to 
such date, the reference to “SAR 2.5 billion” in this Condition 6.1(b)(i) shall instead 
be read as “SAR 1.87 billion”; 
(ii) 
Indebtedness owed to and held by Dar Al-Arkan or a Restricted Subsidiary; provided, 
however, that (A) any subsequent issuance or transfer of any Capital Stock which 
results in any such Restricted Subsidiary ceasing to be a Restricted Subsidiary or any 
subsequent transfer of such Indebtedness (other than to Dar Al-Arkan or a Restricted

--- Page 68 ---
56 
 
 
Subsidiary) shall be deemed, in each case, to constitute the Incurrence of such 
Indebtedness by the obligor thereon, and (B) if Dar Al-Arkan is the obligor on such 
Indebtedness, such Indebtedness is expressly subordinated to the prior payment in full 
in cash of all its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party; 
(iii) 
Indebtedness outstanding on the Issue Date (other than Indebtedness described in 
Conditions 6.1(b)(i) or 6.1(b)(ii)) and the incurrence of Indebtedness represented by 
any obligations of Dar Al-Arkan to make any payments to the Trustee in accordance 
with the Transaction Documents to which it is a party (to the extent deemed to 
constitute Indebtedness); 
(iv) 
Indebtedness (Acquired Indebtedness) of a Restricted Subsidiary Incurred and 
outstanding on or prior to the date on which such Subsidiary was acquired by Dar Al-
Arkan (other than Indebtedness Incurred in connection with, or to provide all or any 
portion of the funds or credit support utilised to consummate, the transaction or series 
of related transactions pursuant to which such Subsidiary became a Subsidiary or was 
acquired by Dar Al-Arkan); provided, however, that on the date of such acquisition 
and after giving pro forma effect thereto, Dar Al-Arkan would have been entitled to 
Incur at least SAR 1.00 of additional Indebtedness pursuant to Condition 6.1(a); 
(v) 
Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of Indebtedness Incurred pursuant to Condition 
6.1(a) or pursuant to Conditions 6.1(b)(iii) or 6.1(b)(iv) or this Condition 6.1(b)(v); 
(vi) 
Hedging Obligations directly related to Indebtedness permitted to be Incurred by Dar 
Al-Arkan and the Restricted Subsidiaries pursuant to this Condition 6 entered into in 
the ordinary course of business and designed solely to protect Dar Al-Arkan or the 
relevant Restricted Subsidiary from fluctuations in interest rates or financing costs, 
currencies or the price of commodities and not for speculation; 
(vii) 
workers’ compensation claims, self-insurance obligations, obligations in respect of 
performance, bid and surety bonds and completion guarantees incurred or provided by 
Dar Al-Arkan or any Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business; 
(viii) 
Indebtedness arising from the honoring by a bank or other financial institution of a 
check, draft or similar instrument drawn against insufficient funds in the ordinary 
course of business; provided, however, that such Indebtedness is extinguished within 
five Business Days of its Incurrence; 
(ix) 
Indebtedness arising from agreements of Dar Al-Arkan or a Restricted Subsidiary 
providing for indemnification, adjustment of purchase price or similar obligations, in 
each case, incurred or assumed in connection with the acquisition or disposition of any 
business, assets or Capital Stock of Dar Al-Arkan or any Restricted Subsidiary; 
provided that (A) the maximum aggregate liability in respect of all such Indebtedness 
shall at no time exceed the gross proceeds (including the Fair Market Value of non-
cash consideration) actually received by (or held in escrow as a collateral for such 
Indebtedness for later release to) Dar Al-Arkan and its Restricted Subsidiaries in 
connection with such disposition (without giving effect to any subsequent changes in 
value), and (B) such Indebtedness is not, on the date of its Incurrence, reflected on the 
balance sheet of Dar Al-Arkan or any Restricted Subsidiary (contingent obligations 
referred to in a footnote to financial statements and not otherwise reflected on the 
balance sheet shall not be deemed to be reflected on such balance sheet for purposes 
of this Condition 6.1(b)(ix)(B)); 
(x) 
Indebtedness Incurred by Dar Al-Arkan or any Restricted Subsidiary for the purpose 
of financing (i) all or any part of the purchase price of real or personal property or 
equipment to be used in the Permitted Business in the ordinary course of business 
through the acquisition of Capital Stock of any person that owns such real or personal 
property or equipment which will, upon such acquisition, become a Restricted 
Subsidiary or (ii) all or any part of the purchase price or the cost of acquisition, 
development, construction or improvement of real or personal property or equipment

--- Page 69 ---
57 
 
 
to be used in the Permitted Business by Dar Al-Arkan or such Restricted Subsidiary in 
the ordinary course of business; provided, however that (A) the aggregate principal 
amount of such Indebtedness shall not exceed such purchase price or cost, (B) such 
Indebtedness shall be Incurred no later than 60 days after the acquisition of such 
property or completion of such development, construction or improvement, and (C) on 
the date of the Incurrence of such Indebtedness and after giving effect thereto, the 
aggregate principal amount outstanding of all such Indebtedness permitted by this 
Condition 6.1(b)(x) (together with Refinancing thereof) does not exceed an amount 
equal to 20 per cent. of Total Assets. The maximum threshold of 20 per cent. of Total 
Assets pursuant to this Condition 6.1(b)(x) shall only be applicable with effect from 
the earlier of (a) the date on which the terms and conditions of each of the 2023 Sukuk 
Certificates, the 2025 Sukuk Certificates and the 2027 Sukuk Certificates are amended 
to contain such maximum threshold; and (b) the date on which no 2023 Sukuk 
Certificate, 2025 Sukuk Certificate or 2027 Sukuk Certificate is outstanding. Prior to 
such date, the reference to “20 per cent. of Total Assets” in this Condition 6.1(b)(x) 
shall instead be read as “15 per cent. of Total Assets”; and 
(xi) 
Indebtedness of Dar Al-Arkan and the Restricted Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal 
amount which, when taken together with all other Indebtedness of Dar Al-Arkan and 
the Restricted Subsidiaries outstanding on the date of such Incurrence (other than 
Indebtedness permitted by Condition 6.1(a) or Conditions 6.1(b)(i) to 6.1(b)(x) 
(inclusive)) does not exceed SAR 1.0 billion (or the SAR Equivalent thereof). The 
maximum threshold of SAR 1.0 billion pursuant to this Condition 6.1(b)(xi) shall only 
be applicable with effect from the earlier of (a) the date on which the terms and 
conditions of each of the 2023 Sukuk Certificates, the 2025 Sukuk Certificates and the 
2027 Sukuk Certificates are amended to contain such maximum threshold; and (b) the 
date on which no 2023 Sukuk Certificate, 2025 Sukuk Certificate or 2027 Sukuk 
Certificate is outstanding. Prior to such date, the reference to “SAR 1.0 billion” in this 
Condition 6.1(b)(xi) shall instead be read as “SAR 500 million”. 
(c) 
Notwithstanding Condition 6.1(b), Dar Al-Arkan will not Incur any Indebtedness pursuant to 
Condition 6.1(b) if the proceeds thereof are used, directly or indirectly, to Refinance any 
Subordinated Obligations of Dar Al-Arkan unless such Indebtedness shall be subordinated to 
the obligations of Dar Al-Arkan under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party to at 
least the same extent as such Subordinated Obligations. 
(d) 
For purposes of determining compliance with this Condition 6.1: 
(i) 
any Indebtedness outstanding on the Issue Date under the Credit Facilities will be 
treated as Incurred under Condition 6.1(b)(i); 
(ii) 
in the event that an item of Indebtedness (or any portion thereof) meets the criteria of 
more than one of the types of Indebtedness described above, Dar Al-Arkan, in its sole 
discretion, will classify such item of Indebtedness (or any portion thereof) at the time 
of Incurrence and will only be required to include the amount and type of such 
Indebtedness in one of the above Conditions; and 
(iii) 
Dar Al-Arkan will be entitled to divide and classify an item of Indebtedness in more 
than one of the types of Indebtedness described above. 
(e) 
For purposes of determining compliance with any SAR denominated restriction on the 
Incurrence of Indebtedness where the Indebtedness Incurred is denominated in a different 
currency, the amount of such Indebtedness will be the SAR Equivalent determined on the date 
of the Incurrence of such Indebtedness; provided, however, that if any such Indebtedness 
denominated in a different currency is subject to a Currency Agreement with respect to SAR 
covering all principal, premium, if any, and interest payable on such Indebtedness, the amount 
of such Indebtedness expressed in SAR will be as provided in such Currency Agreement. The 
principal amount of any Refinancing Indebtedness Incurred in the same currency as the 
Indebtedness being Refinanced will be the SAR Equivalent, as appropriate, of the Indebtedness 
Refinanced, except to the extent that (A) such SAR Equivalent was determined based on a

--- Page 70 ---
58 
 
 
Currency Agreement, in which case the Refinancing Indebtedness will be determined in 
accordance with the preceding sentence, and (B) the principal amount of the Refinancing 
Indebtedness exceeds the principal amount of the Indebtedness being Refinanced, in which case 
the SAR Equivalent of such excess, as appropriate, will be determined on the date such 
Refinancing Indebtedness is Incurred. 
6.2 
Limitation on Restricted Payments 
Dar Al-Arkan covenants, for so long as any Certificate is outstanding, as set out in this Condition 6.2: 
(a) 
Dar Al-Arkan will not, and will not permit any Restricted Subsidiary, directly or indirectly, to 
make a Restricted Payment if at the time Dar Al-Arkan or such Restricted Subsidiary makes 
such Restricted Payment: 
(i) 
a Default shall have occurred and be continuing (or would result therefrom); 
(ii) 
Dar Al-Arkan is not entitled to Incur an additional SAR 1.00 of Indebtedness pursuant 
to Condition 6.1(a); or 
(iii) 
the aggregate amount of such Restricted Payment and all other Restricted Payments 
since the Issue Date would exceed the sum of (without duplication): 
(A) 
66 per cent. of the Consolidated Net Income accrued during the period 
(treated as one accounting period) from the beginning of the fourth fiscal 
quarter prior to the fiscal quarter during which the Issue Date occurs to the 
end of the most recent fiscal quarter for which financial statements are 
available (or, in case such Consolidated Net Income shall be a deficit, minus 
100 per cent. of such deficit); plus 
(B) 
100 per cent. of the aggregate Net Cash Proceeds received by Dar Al-Arkan 
from the issuance or sale of its Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Stock) 
subsequent to the beginning of the fourth fiscal quarter prior to the fiscal 
quarter during which the Issue Date occurs (other than an issuance or sale to 
a Subsidiary of Dar Al-Arkan and other than an issuance or sale to an 
employee stock ownership plan or to a trust established by Dar Al-Arkan or 
any of its Subsidiaries for the benefit of their employees to the extent such 
sale to an employee stock ownership plan or similar trust is financed by loans 
or guaranteed by Dar Al-Arkan or any Restricted Subsidiary unless such loans 
have been repaid with cash on or prior to the date of determination) and 100 
per cent. of any cash capital contribution received by Dar Al-Arkan from its 
shareholders subsequent to the beginning of the fourth fiscal quarter prior to 
the fiscal quarter during which the Issue Date occurs; plus 
(C) 
the amount by which Indebtedness of Dar Al-Arkan is reduced on Dar Al-
Arkan’s balance sheet upon the conversion or exchange subsequent to the 
beginning of the fourth fiscal quarter prior to the fiscal quarter during which 
the Issue Date occurs of any Indebtedness of Dar Al-Arkan convertible or 
exchangeable for Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Stock) of Dar Al-
Arkan (less the amount of any cash, or the fair value of any other property, 
distributed by Dar Al-Arkan upon such conversion or exchange); provided, 
however, that the foregoing amount shall not exceed the Net Cash Proceeds 
received by Dar Al-Arkan or any Restricted Subsidiary from the sale of such 
Indebtedness (excluding Net Cash Proceeds from sales to a Subsidiary of Dar 
Al-Arkan or to an employee stock ownership plan or a trust established by 
Dar Al-Arkan or any of its Subsidiaries for the benefit of their employees); 
plus 
(D) 
an amount equal to the sum of (x) the net reduction in the Investments (other 
than Permitted Investments) made by Dar Al-Arkan or any Restricted 
Subsidiary in any person resulting from repurchases, repayments or

--- Page 71 ---
59 
 
 
redemptions of such Investments by such person, proceeds realised on the 
sale of such Investment and proceeds representing the return of capital 
(excluding dividends and distributions), in each case received by Dar Al-
Arkan or any Restricted Subsidiary, and (y) to the extent such person is an 
Unrestricted Subsidiary, the portion (proportionate to Dar Al-Arkan’s equity 
interest in such Subsidiary) of the Fair Market Value of the net assets of such 
Unrestricted Subsidiary at the time such Unrestricted Subsidiary is designated 
a Restricted Subsidiary; provided, however, that the foregoing sum shall not 
exceed, in the case of any such person or Unrestricted Subsidiary, the amount 
of Investments (excluding Permitted Investments) previously made (and 
treated as a Restricted Payment) by Dar Al-Arkan or any Restricted 
Subsidiary in such person or Unrestricted Subsidiary. 
(b) 
The preceding provisions will not prohibit: 
(i) 
any Restricted Payment made out of the Net Cash Proceeds of the substantially 
concurrent sale of, or made by exchange for, Capital Stock of Dar Al-Arkan (other 
than Disqualified Stock and other than Capital Stock issued or sold to a Subsidiary of 
Dar Al-Arkan or an employee stock ownership plan or to a trust established by Dar Al-
Arkan or any of its Subsidiaries for the benefit of their employees to the extent such 
sale to an employee stock ownership plan or similar trust is financed by loans or 
guaranteed by Dar Al-Arkan or any Restricted Subsidiary unless such loans have been 
repaid with cash on or prior to the date of determination) or a substantially concurrent 
cash capital contribution received by Dar Al-Arkan from its shareholders; provided, 
however, that (A) such Restricted Payment shall be excluded in the calculation of the 
amount of Restricted Payments and (B) the Net Cash Proceeds from such sale or such 
cash capital contribution (to the extent so used for such Restricted Payment) shall be 
excluded from the calculation of amounts under Condition 6.2(a)(iii)(B); 
(ii) 
any purchase, repurchase, redemption, defeasance or other acquisition or retirement 
for value of Subordinated Obligations of Dar Al-Arkan made by exchange for, or out 
of the proceeds of the substantially concurrent Incurrence of, Indebtedness of such 
person which is permitted to be Incurred pursuant to Condition 6.1; provided, however, 
that such purchase, repurchase, redemption, defeasance or other acquisition or 
retirement for value shall be excluded in the calculation of the amount of Restricted 
Payments under Condition 6.2(a)(iii); 
(iii) 
dividends paid within 60 days after the date of declaration thereof if at such date of 
declaration such dividend would have complied with this Condition 6.2(a)(iii); 
provided, however, that such dividend shall be included in the calculation of the 
amount of Restricted Payments under Condition 6.2(a)(iii); 
(iv) 
so long as no Default has occurred and is continuing, the purchase, redemption or other 
acquisition of shares of Capital Stock of Dar Al-Arkan or any of its Subsidiaries from 
employees, former employees, directors or former directors of Dar Al-Arkan or any of 
its Subsidiaries (or permitted transferees of such employees, former employees, 
directors or former directors), pursuant to the terms of the agreements (including 
employment agreements) or plans (or amendments thereto) approved by the Board of 
Directors under which such individuals purchase or sell or are granted the option to 
purchase or sell, shares of such Capital Stock; provided, however, that the aggregate 
amount of such Restricted Payments (excluding amounts representing cancellation of 
Indebtedness) shall not exceed SAR 20 million in any calendar year; provided further, 
however, that such Restricted Payments shall be excluded in the calculation of the 
amount of Restricted Payments under Condition 6.2(a)(iii); 
(v) 
the declaration or payments of dividends on Disqualified Stock issued pursuant to 
Condition 6.1; provided, however, that, at the time of declaration or payment of such 
dividend, no Default shall have occurred and be continuing (or result therefrom); 
provided further, however, that such dividends shall be excluded in the calculation of 
the amount of Restricted Payments under Condition 6.2(a)(iii);

--- Page 72 ---
60 
 
 
(vi) 
repurchases of Capital Stock deemed to occur upon exercise of stock options if such 
Capital Stock represents a portion of the exercise price of such options; provided, 
however, that such Restricted Payments shall be excluded in the calculation of the 
amount of Restricted Payments under Condition 6.2(a)(iii); 
(vii) 
cash payments in lieu of the issuance of fractional shares in connection with the 
exercise of warrants, options or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for 
Capital Stock of Dar Al-Arkan; provided, however, that any such cash payment shall 
not be for the purpose of evading the limitation of this Paragraph (as determined in 
good faith by the Board of Directors); provided further, however, that such payments 
shall be excluded in the calculation of the amount of Restricted Payments under 
Condition 6.2(a)(iii); 
(viii) 
in the event of a change of control with respect to the relevant Subordinated 
Obligations, and if no Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the payment, 
purchase, redemption, defeasance or other acquisition or retirement of Subordinated 
Obligations of Dar Al-Arkan, in each case, at a purchase price not greater than 101 per 
cent. of the principal amount of such Subordinated Obligations, plus any accrued and 
unpaid interest thereon; provided, however, that prior to such payment, purchase, 
redemption, defeasance or other acquisition or retirement, the Certificates to be 
redeemed on the Change of Control Put Right Date have been redeemed in accordance 
with these Conditions; provided further, however, that such payments, purchases, 
redemptions, defeasances or other acquisitions or retirements shall be included in the 
calculation of the amount of Restricted Payments under Condition 6.2(a)(iii); 
(ix) 
payments of intercompany subordinated Indebtedness, the Incurrence of which was 
permitted under Condition 6.1(a)(ii); provided, however, that no Default has occurred 
and is continuing or would otherwise result therefrom; provided further, however, that 
such payments shall be excluded in the calculation of the amount of Restricted 
Payments under Condition 6.2(a)(iii); 
(x) 
the making of strategic minority Investments in persons that are engaged in a Related 
Business and made primarily for the commercial benefit of Dar Al-Arkan and the 
Restricted Subsidiaries (as determined by Dar Al-Arkan in good faith) in an aggregate 
amount, taken together with all Investments made pursuant to this Condition 6.2(b)(x), 
not to exceed 10 per cent. of Total Assets; provided, however, that (A) at the time of 
each such minority Investment, no Default shall have occurred and be continuing or 
would otherwise result therefrom, (B) such Investment is approved by the Board of 
Directors and is entered into in good faith on an arm’s length basis, and (C) on the date 
of making such strategic minority Investment and after giving pro forma effect thereto, 
Dar Al-Arkan would have been entitled to Incur at least SAR 1.00 of additional 
Indebtedness pursuant to Condition 6.1(a); provided further, however, that such 
payments shall be excluded from the calculation of the amount of Restricted Payments 
under Condition 6.2(a)(iii); 
(xi) 
Restricted Payments in an amount which, when taken together with all Restricted 
Payments made pursuant to this Condition 6.2(b)(xi), does not exceed SAR 100 million 
(or the SAR Equivalent thereof); provided, however, that (A) at the time of each such 
Restricted Payment, no Default shall have occurred and be continuing (or result 
therefrom) and (B) such payments shall be included in the calculation of the amount 
of Restricted Payments under Condition 6.2(a)(iii); 
(xii) 
the declaration or payment of dividends by Dar Al-Arkan to holders of its ordinary 
shares, par value of SAR 10 each, listed on the Saudi Stock Exchange (Tadawul) under 
the symbol 4300, in an aggregate amount, taken together with all other payments of 
dividends made pursuant to this Condition 6.2(b)(xii), not to exceed 25 per cent. of the 
Consolidated Net Income accrued during the period (treated as one accounting period) 
from the beginning of the fourth fiscal quarter prior to the fiscal quarter during which 
the Issue Date occurs to the end of the most recent fiscal quarter for which financial 
statements are available (or in the case such Consolidated Net Income shall be a deficit,

--- Page 73 ---
61 
 
 
minus 100 per cent. of such deficit); provided, however, that at the time of declaration 
and payment of such dividend, no Default shall have occurred and be continuing (or 
result therefrom) and Dar Al-Arkan is entitled to Incur an additional SAR 1.00 of 
Indebtedness pursuant to Condition 6.1(a); provided further, however, such dividends 
shall be excluded from the calculation of Restricted Payments under Condition 
6.2(a)(iii); or 
(xiii) 
the repurchase by Dar Al-Arkan of Capital Stock of Dar Al-Arkan held by any person, 
where the consideration provided by Dar Al-Arkan for such repurchase consists solely 
of shares of Capital Stock of a person that, immediately prior to such Restricted 
Payment, is a Subsidiary of Dar Al-Arkan; provided, however, that (A) the Capital 
Stock acquired by Dar Al-Arkan as a result of such Restricted Payment is not redeemed 
or cancelled by Dar Al-Arkan prior to the Stated Maturity of the Certificates; (B) at 
the time of each such Restricted Payment, no Default shall have occurred and be 
continuing or would otherwise result therefrom; and (C) such Restricted Payments 
shall be excluded in the calculation of the amount of Restricted Payments under 
Condition 6.2(a)(iii). This Condition 6.2(b)(xiii) shall only be applicable with effect 
from the earlier of (a) the date on which the terms and conditions of the 2023 Sukuk 
Certificates are amended to contain such provisions; and (b) the date on which no 2023 
Sukuk Certificate is outstanding. 
6.3 
Limitation on Restrictions on Distributions from Restricted Subsidiaries 
Dar Al-Arkan covenants, for so long as any Certificate is outstanding, it will not, and will not permit any 
Restricted Subsidiary to, create or otherwise cause or permit to exist or become effective any consensual 
encumbrance or restriction on the ability of any Restricted Subsidiary to (A) pay dividends or make any 
other distributions on its Capital Stock to Dar Al-Arkan or a Restricted Subsidiary or pay any 
Indebtedness owed to Dar Al-Arkan or a Restricted Subsidiary, (B) make any loans or advances to Dar 
Al-Arkan or a Restricted Subsidiary or (C) transfer any of its property or assets to Dar Al-Arkan or a 
Restricted Subsidiary, except: 
(a) 
with respect to (A), (B) and (C): 
(i) 
any encumbrance or restriction pursuant to an agreement in effect at or entered into on 
the Issue Date; 
(ii) 
any encumbrance or restriction with respect to a Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to an 
agreement relating to any Acquired Indebtedness and outstanding on such date; 
(iii) 
any encumbrance or restriction pursuant to an agreement effecting a Refinancing of 
Indebtedness Incurred pursuant to an agreement referred to in Conditions 6.3(a)(i) or 
6.3(a)(ii) or this Condition 6.3(a)(iii) or contained in any amendment to an agreement 
referred to in Conditions 6.3(a)(i) or 6.3(a)(ii) or this Condition 6.3(a)(iii); provided, 
however, that the encumbrances and restrictions with respect to such Restricted 
Subsidiary contained in any such refinancing agreement or amendment are no less 
favourable to the Certificateholders than encumbrances and restrictions, taken as a 
whole, with respect to such Restricted Subsidiary contained in such predecessor 
agreements;  
(iv) 
any encumbrance or restriction with respect to a Restricted Subsidiary imposed 
pursuant to an agreement entered into for the sale or disposition of all or substantially 
all the Capital Stock or assets of such Restricted Subsidiary pending the closing of such 
sale or disposition; 
(v) 
any encumbrance or restriction contained in the terms of any Indebtedness permitted 
to be Incurred pursuant to Condition 6.1 or any agreement pursuant to which such 
Indebtedness was issued if (A) either (i) the encumbrance or restriction applies only in 
the event of and during the continuance of a payment default or a default with respect 
to a financial covenant contained in such Indebtedness or agreement or (ii) Dar Al-
Arkan determines at the time any such Indebtedness is Incurred (and at the time of any

--- Page 74 ---
62 
 
 
modification of the terms of any such encumbrance or restriction) that any such 
encumbrance or restriction will not materially affect Dar Al-Arkan’s ability to satisfy 
its payment obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and 
any other Indebtedness that is an obligation of Dar Al-Arkan, and (B) the encumbrance 
or restriction is not materially more disadvantageous to the holders of the Certificates 
than is customary in comparable financings or agreements (as determined by Dar Al-
Arkan in good faith); 
(vi) 
Liens permitted to be incurred under Condition 6.7 that limit the right of the debtor to 
dispose of assets subject to such Liens; 
(vii) 
any encumbrance or restriction that is as a result of applicable law or regulation; and 
(viii) 
any encumbrances or restrictions imposed by any amendments, modifications, 
restatements, renewals, increases, supplements, refundings, replacements or 
refinancings of the contracts, instruments or obligations referred to in Conditions 
6.3(a)(i) to 6.3(a)(vii) (inclusive); provided that such amendments, modifications, 
restatements, renewals, increases, supplements, refundings, replacements or 
refinancings are, in the good faith judgment of the Board of Directors of Dar Al-Arkan, 
not materially more restrictive, taken as a whole, with respect to such dividend and 
other payment restrictions than those contained in the dividends or other payment 
restrictions prior to such amendment, modification, restatement, renewal, increase, 
supplement, refunding, replacement or refinancing; and  
(b) 
with respect to (C) only: 
(i) 
any encumbrance or restriction consisting of customary non-assignment provisions in 
leases governing leasehold interests to the extent such provisions restrict the transfer 
of the lease or the property leased thereunder; and 
(ii) 
any encumbrance or restriction contained in security agreements or mortgages securing 
Indebtedness of a Restricted Subsidiary to the extent such encumbrance or restriction 
restricts the transfer of the property subject to such security agreements or mortgages. 
6.4 
Limitation on Sales of Assets and Subsidiary Stock 
Dar Al-Arkan covenants, for so long as any Certificate is outstanding, it will not, and will not permit any 
Restricted Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly, consummate any Asset Disposition unless: 
(a) 
Dar Al-Arkan or such Restricted Subsidiary receives consideration at the time of such Asset 
Disposition at least equal to the Fair Market Value (including as to the value of all non-cash 
consideration), as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors, of the shares and assets 
subject to such Asset Disposition; and 
(b) 
at least 75 per cent. of the consideration thereof received by Dar Al-Arkan or such Restricted 
Subsidiary is in the form of (i) cash, (ii) cash equivalents, (iii) Additional Assets, or (iv) a 
combination of the consideration specified in (i) to (iii) (inclusive). 
6.5 
Limitation on Affiliate Transactions 
Dar Al-Arkan covenants, for so long as any Certificate is outstanding, as set out in this Condition 6.5. 
(a) 
Dar Al-Arkan will not, and will not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, enter into or permit to 
exist any transaction (including the purchase, sale, lease or exchange of any property, employee 
compensation arrangements or the rendering of any service) with, or for the benefit of, any 
Affiliate of Dar Al-Arkan or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (an Affiliate Transaction) 
unless: 
(i) 
the terms of the Affiliate Transaction are no less favourable to Dar Al-Arkan or such 
Restricted Subsidiary than those that could be obtained at the time of the Affiliate

--- Page 75 ---
63 
 
 
Transaction in arm’s-length dealings with a person who is not an Affiliate of Dar Al-
Arkan or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries; 
(ii) 
if such Affiliate Transaction involves an amount in excess of SAR 50 million (or the 
SAR Equivalent thereof), the terms of the Affiliate Transaction are set forth in writing 
and a majority of the directors of Dar Al-Arkan disinterested with respect to such 
Affiliate Transaction have determined in good faith that the criteria set forth in 
Condition 6.5(a)(i) are satisfied and have approved the relevant Affiliate Transaction 
as evidenced by a resolution of the Board of Directors; and 
(iii) 
if such Affiliate Transaction involves an amount in excess of SAR 150 million (or the 
SAR Equivalent thereof), the Board of Directors shall also have received a written 
opinion from an Independent Qualified Party to the effect that such Affiliate 
Transaction is fair, from a financial standpoint, to Dar Al-Arkan and its Restricted 
Subsidiaries or is not less favourable to Dar Al-Arkan and its Restricted Subsidiaries 
than could reasonably be expected to be obtained at the time in an arm’s-length 
transaction with a person who was not an Affiliate. 
(b) 
The provisions of Condition 6.5(a) will not prohibit: 
(i) 
any Permitted Investment other than paragraphs (a) (in respect of the making of an 
Investment that causes such person to become a Restricted Subsidiary), (b) and (m) of 
such defined term; 
(ii) 
Restricted Payments (other than any Restricted Payments made pursuant to Conditions 
6.2(b)(x) and 6.2(b)(xi) that do not violate the covenant set forth in Condition 6.2; 
(iii) 
any issuance of securities, or other payments, awards or grants in cash, securities or 
otherwise pursuant to, or the funding of, employment arrangements, stock options and 
stock ownership plans approved by the Board of Directors; 
(iv) 
loans or advances to employees in the ordinary course of business in accordance with 
the past practices of Dar Al-Arkan or its Restricted Subsidiaries; 
(v) 
the payment of reasonable fees to directors of Dar Al-Arkan and its Restricted 
Subsidiaries; 
(vi) 
any transaction with Dar Al-Arkan, a Restricted Subsidiary or joint venture or similar 
entity which would constitute an Affiliate Transaction solely because Dar Al-Arkan or 
a Restricted Subsidiary owns an equity interest in or otherwise controls such Restricted 
Subsidiary, joint venture or similar entity, including, but not limited to, any transaction 
with Saudi Home Loans Company; 
(vii) 
the issuance or sale of any Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Stock) of Dar Al-
Arkan; 
(viii) 
transactions entered into on or prior to the Issue Date; 
(ix) 
transactions between Dar Al-Arkan and any Restricted Subsidiary or between 
Restricted Subsidiaries; and 
(x) 
arrangements with customers, suppliers, contractors, lessors or sellers of goods or 
services that are negotiated with an Affiliate, in each case, which are in the ordinary 
course of business and otherwise in compliance with the terms of the Transaction 
Documents provided that the terms and conditions of any such transaction or 
agreement as applicable to Dar Al-Arkan and its Restricted Subsidiaries (a) are fair to 
Dar Al-Arkan and its Restricted Subsidiaries and are on terms more favourable to Dar 
Al-Arkan and its Restricted Subsidiaries than those that could have reasonably been 
obtained in respect of an analogous transaction or agreement that would not constitute 
an Affiliate Transaction, (b) the performance by Dar Al-Arkan and any of its Restricted

--- Page 76 ---
64 
 
 
Subsidiaries in respect of any such arrangements are for its own behalf and in its own 
name and (c) Dar Al-Arkan and its Restricted Subsidiaries do not assume, and are 
otherwise not liable for any performance or breach in respect of any such arrangements 
by the relevant Affiliate. 
(c) 
The provisions of Condition 6.5(a)(iii) shall not apply to Affiliate Transactions resulting from 
a competitive tendering process instituted by Dar Al-Arkan or a Restricted Subsidiary in the 
ordinary course of business of Dar Al-Arkan or a Restricted Subsidiary resulting in at least three 
bona fide bids by persons who are not Affiliates of Dar Al-Arkan or a Restricted Subsidiary and 
which Affiliate Transactions are subsequently disclosed as required to the Saudi Stock 
Exchange (Tadawul All Share Index) and to Dar Al-Arkan’s shareholders at its next annual 
general assembly. 
6.6 
Limitation on Line of Business 
Dar Al-Arkan covenants, for so long as any Certificate is outstanding, it will not, and will not permit any 
Restricted Subsidiary to, engage in any business other than a Related Business. 
6.7 
Limitation on Liens 
Dar Al-Arkan covenants, for so long as any Certificate is outstanding, it will not, and will not permit any 
Restricted Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly, Incur or permit to exist any Lien (the Initial Lien) of any 
nature whatsoever on any of its properties, assets or revenues (including Capital Stock of a Restricted 
Subsidiary), whether owned at the Issue Date or thereafter acquired, other than Permitted Liens, without 
effectively providing that the obligations of Dar Al-Arkan pursuant to the Transaction Documents to 
which it is a party shall be secured for the benefit of the Certificateholders by the creation of a Lien which 
is the same as the Initial Lien and (a) if such Indebtedness is Senior Indebtedness, equally and rateably 
with the obligations, or (b) if such Indebtedness is Subordinated Indebtedness, prior to the obligations so 
secured, in each case, for so long as such obligations are so secured, or by such other Lien as shall be 
approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Certificateholders. Any Lien created for the benefit of 
the Certificateholders pursuant to the preceding sentence shall provide by its terms that the Trustee or 
the Delegate (as the case may be) shall provide such assistance as may be reasonably required by Dar 
Al-Arkan to unconditionally release and discharge their Lien upon the release and discharge of the Initial 
Lien. 
6.8 
Limitation on Sale/Leaseback Transactions 
Dar Al-Arkan covenants, for so long as any Certificate is outstanding, it will not, and will not permit any 
Restricted Subsidiary to, enter into any Sale/Leaseback Transaction with respect to any property unless: 
(a) 
Dar Al-Arkan or such Restricted Subsidiary would be entitled to (i) Incur Indebtedness in an 
amount equal to the Attributable Debt with respect to such Sale/Leaseback Transaction pursuant 
to Condition 6.1, and (ii) create a Lien on such property securing such Attributable Debt without 
equally and rateably securing the relevant Certificates pursuant to Condition 6.7; and 
(b) 
the net proceeds received by Dar Al-Arkan or any Restricted Subsidiary in connection with such 
Sale/Leaseback Transaction are at least equal to the Fair Market Value (as determined by the 
Board of Directors) of such property. 
6.9 
Merger and Consolidation 
Dar Al-Arkan covenants that, for so long as any Certificate is outstanding, it will not consolidate with or 
merge with or into, or convey, transfer or lease, in one transaction or a series of transactions, directly or 
indirectly, all or substantially all its assets to, any person, unless: 
(a) 
the resulting, surviving or transferee person (the Successor Company) shall be a person 
organised and existing under the laws of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, any state which is a 
member of the European Union, the United Kingdom, Canada, the United States, any state 
thereof or the District of Columbia and the Successor Company (if not Dar Al-Arkan) shall 
expressly assume, by a guarantee, executed and delivered to the Trustee and the Delegate, in 
form satisfactory to Trustee and the Delegate, all the obligations of Dar Al-Arkan under the 
Transaction Documents to which it is a party;

--- Page 77 ---
65 
 
 
(b) 
immediately after giving pro forma effect to such transaction (and treating any Indebtedness 
which becomes an obligation of the Successor Company or any Subsidiary as a result of such 
transaction as having been Incurred by such Successor Company or such Subsidiary at the time 
of such transaction), no Default shall have occurred and be continuing; 
(c) 
immediately after giving pro forma effect to such transaction, (i) the Successor Company would 
be able to Incur an additional SAR 1.00 of Indebtedness pursuant to Condition 6.1(a), or (ii) the 
Consolidated Coverage Ratio would be no less than the Consolidated Coverage Ratio 
immediately prior to such transaction; and 
(d) 
Dar Al-Arkan shall have delivered to the Trustee and the Delegate an Officer’s Certificate and 
an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that such consolidation, merger or transfer and such 
guarantee (if any) comply with Conditions 6.9(b) and 6.9(c), 
provided, however, that Condition 6.9(c) will not be applicable to (x) a Restricted Subsidiary 
consolidating with, merging into or transferring all or part of its properties and assets to Dar Al-Arkan 
(so long as no Capital Stock of Dar Al-Arkan is distributed to any person), or (y) Dar Al-Arkan merging 
with an Affiliate of Dar Al-Arkan solely for the purpose and with the sole effect of reincorporating Dar 
Al-Arkan in another jurisdiction. 
For purposes of this Condition 6.9, the sale, lease, conveyance, assignment, transfer or other disposition 
of all or substantially all of the properties and assets of one or more Subsidiaries of Dar Al-Arkan, which 
properties and assets, if held by Dar Al-Arkan instead of such Subsidiaries, would constitute all or 
substantially all of the properties and assets of Dar Al-Arkan on a consolidated basis, shall be deemed to 
be the transfer of all or substantially all of the properties and assets of Dar Al-Arkan. 
The Successor Company will be the successor to Dar Al-Arkan and shall succeed to, and be substituted 
for, and may exercise every right and power of, and be subject to all obligations of, Dar Al-Arkan under 
the Transaction Documents to which it is a party. 
6.10 
Reports 
Dar Al-Arkan covenants, for so long as any Certificate is outstanding, it will furnish to the 
Certificateholders, the Trustee and the Delegate: 
(a) 
within 120 days after the end of Dar Al-Arkan’s fiscal year, annual reports containing audited 
consolidated balance sheets of Dar Al-Arkan as of the end of the two most recent fiscal years 
and audited consolidated income statements and statements of cash flow of Dar Al-Arkan for 
the three most recent fiscal years, including complete footnotes to such financial statements and 
the report of the independent auditors on the financial statements; 
(b) 
within 60 days following the end of the first three fiscal quarters in each fiscal year of Dar Al-
Arkan beginning with the quarter ending immediately after the Issue Date quarterly reports 
containing an unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet as of the end of such quarter and 
unaudited condensed statements of income and cash flow for the quarterly and year to date 
periods ending on the unaudited condensed balance sheet date, and the comparable prior year 
periods, together with condensed footnote disclosure; 
(c) 
promptly after the occurrence of a material acquisition, disposition, restructuring or change in 
auditors or any other material event, a report containing a description of such event; and 
(d) 
at the times specified for such information, such information as Dar Al-Arkan is required to 
report by any stock exchange on which the Certificates are for the time being listed or admitted 
to trading. 
Substantially concurrently with the furnishing to the Trustee, the Delegate and the Certificateholders of 
the reports specified above, Dar Al-Arkan shall also (x) use its commercially reasonable efforts to post 
copies of such reports on such website as may be then maintained by Dar Al-Arkan and its Subsidiaries 
or a direct or indirect parent of Dar Al-Arkan or (y) to the extent Dar Al-Arkan determined in good faith 
that it cannot make such reports available in the manner described in (x) above after the use of its 
commercially reasonable efforts, furnish at its expense such reports to prospective purchasers of the 
Certificates, upon their request.

--- Page 78 ---
66 
 
 
6.11 
Changes in Covenants when Certificates are rated Investment Grade 
If the Certificates have an Investment Grade rating from both of the Rating Agencies and no Dissolution 
Event or Dar Al-Arkan Event has occurred and is continuing (a Suspension Event), then, beginning on 
the day the Investment Grade rating has been received and continuing until such time, if any, at which 
the Certificates cease to have an Investment Grade rating from either of the Rating Agencies, the 
following provisions above will not apply to those Certificates: Conditions 6.1, 6.2, 6.3, 6.4, 6.5, 6.6 and 
6.8. 
Conditions 6.1, 6.2, 6.3, 6.4, 6.5, 6.6 and 6.8 will again apply according to their terms from the first day 
on which a Suspension Event ceases to be in effect. Such Conditions 6.1, 6.2, 6.3, 6.4, 6.5, 6.6 and 6.8 
will not, however, be of any effect with regard to actions of Dar Al-Arkan properly taken during the 
continuance of the Suspension Event, and Condition 6.2 will be interpreted as if it had been in effect 
since the Issue Date except that no Dar Al-Arkan Event will be deemed to have occurred solely by reason 
of a Restricted Payment made while the application of Condition 6.2 was suspended. 
To the extent that a Suspension Event occurs and/or ceases pursuant to this Condition 6.11, Dar Al-Arkan 
will provide, as soon as practicable, a notice to the Trustee and the Delegate to such effect. 
7. 
FIXED PERIODIC DISTRIBUTION PROVISIONS 
7.1 
Application 
This Condition is applicable to the Certificates only if the Fixed Periodic Distribution Provisions are 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable. 
7.2 
Periodic Distribution Amount 
Subject to Condition 4.2 and Condition 9 and unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Principal Paying Agent shall distribute to holders pro rata to their respective holdings, out of amounts 
transferred to the Transaction Account pursuant to the terms of the Transaction Documents, a distribution 
in relation to the Certificates on each Periodic Distribution Date equal to the Periodic Distribution 
Amount payable in respect of the Return Accumulation Period ending immediately before that Periodic 
Distribution Date. 
In these Conditions: 
Periodic Distribution Amount means, in relation to a Certificate and a Return Accumulation Period, 
the amount of profit distribution payable in respect of that Certificate for that Return Accumulation 
Period which amount may be a Fixed Amount, a Broken Amount or an amount otherwise calculated in 
accordance with this Condition 7 or Condition 8; and 
Return Accumulation Period means the period from (and including) a Periodic Distribution Date (or 
the Return Accrual Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Periodic Distribution 
Date. 
7.3 
Determination of Periodic Distribution Amount 
Except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the Periodic Distribution Amount payable in respect 
of each Certificate in definitive form for any Return Accumulation Period shall be the Fixed Amount or, 
if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Broken Amount so specified. 
Except in the case of Certificates in definitive form where a Fixed Amount or Broken Amount is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Periodic Distribution Amount payable in respect of each Certificate 
shall be calculated by applying the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions 
(the Rate) applicable to the relevant Return Accumulation Period to: 
(a) 
in the case of Certificates which are represented by a Global Certificate, the aggregate 
outstanding face amount of the Certificates represented by such Global Certificate; or

--- Page 79 ---
67 
 
 
(b) 
in the case of Certificates in definitive form, the Calculation Amount (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms), 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. The resultant figure 
(including after application of any Fixed Periodic Distribution Amount or Broken Amount, as applicable, 
to the aggregate outstanding face amount of fixed rate Certificates which are in definitive form) shall be 
rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being 
rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the Specified 
Denomination of a Certificate in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of 
profit distribution payable in respect of such Certificate shall be the product of the amount (determined 
in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation 
Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of Periodic Distribution Amount in accordance 
with this Condition: 
(a) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Certificates where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Periodic Distribution Date (or, if none, the Return Accrual 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (A) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (B) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar 
year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Certificates where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in which 
the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in 
one calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) 
the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(b) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Periodic Distribution Date (or, if none, the Return Accrual 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days being 
calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
In these Conditions: 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but excluding) 
the next Determination Date (including, where either the Return Accrual Commencement Date or the 
final Periodic Distribution Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
8. 
FLOATING PERIODIC DISTRIBUTION PROVISIONS 
8.1 
Application 
This Condition is applicable to the Certificates only if the Floating Periodic Distribution Provisions are 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable.

--- Page 80 ---
68 
 
 
8.2 
Periodic Distribution Amount 
Subject to Condition 4.2 and 9 and unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Principal 
Paying Agent shall distribute to holders pro rata to their respective holdings, out of amounts transferred 
to the Transaction Account pursuant to the terms of the Transaction Documents, a distribution in relation 
to the Certificates on either: 
(a) 
the Specified Periodic Distribution Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
or 
(b) 
if no Specified Periodic Distribution Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date (each such date, together with each Specified Periodic Distribution Date, a Periodic 
Distribution Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified 
Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Periodic Distribution Date or, in the 
case of the first Periodic Distribution Date, after the Return Accrual Commencement Date. 
In relation to each Periodic Distribution Date, the distribution payable will be equal to the Periodic 
Distribution Amount payable in respect of the Return Accumulation Period ending immediately before 
that Periodic Distribution Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no numerically 
corresponding day in the calendar month in which a Periodic Distribution Date should occur, or (y) if 
any Periodic Distribution Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the 
Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 8.2(b), 
the Floating Rate Convention, such Periodic Distribution Date (a) in the case of (x) 
above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the 
provisions of (ii) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event (i) such Periodic Distribution Date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each 
subsequent Periodic Distribution Date shall be the last Business Day in the month 
which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Periodic Distribution 
Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Periodic Distribution Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Periodic Distribution Date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event such Periodic Distribution Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Periodic Distribution Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions (unless otherwise stated): 
Business Day means: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London and any Additional Business Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 System) is open; and

--- Page 81 ---
69 
 
 
(c) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than London and any 
Additional Business Centre) or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET 
Settlement Day; and 
TARGET Settlement Day means any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 System) is open. 
8.3 
Screen Rate Determination 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the rate 
or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) specified in the applicable Final Terms (being either of 
EURIBOR or SAIBOR) or calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions of these 
Conditions (the Rate) is to be determined, the Rate applicable to the Certificates for each Return 
Accumulation Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(a) 
if the Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms is a composite quotation or 
customarily supplied by one entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as of 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of 
EURIBOR or Riyadh time, in the case of SAIBOR) (the Relevant Time) on the relevant 
Periodic Distribution Determination Date; 
(b) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the Reference 
Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant 
Periodic Distribution Determination Date; 
(c) 
if, in the case of (a) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (b) above, 
fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, (in the case of the Calculation Agent at the relevant time being Deutsche Bank AG, 
London Branch (or any of its affiliates)) the Trustee and Dar Al-Arkan or (in the case of the 
Calculation Agent at the relevant time not being Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch (or any of 
its affiliates)) the Calculation Agent will: 
(i) 
request each of the Reference Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at 
approximately the Relevant Time on the Periodic Distribution Determination Date to 
prime banks in the London or Eurozone interbank market, as the case may be, in an 
amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that time; and 
(ii) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(d) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates quoted by major banks in the principal financial 
centre of the Specified Currency, selected by (in the case of the Calculation Agent at the relevant 
time being Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch (or any of its affiliates)) the Trustee and Dar 
Al-Arkan or (in the case of the Calculation Agent at the relevant time not being Deutsche Bank 
AG, London Branch (or any of its affiliates)) the Calculation Agent, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (local time in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of 
the relevant Return Accumulation Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading 
European banks for a period equal to the relevant Return Accumulation Period and in an amount 
that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate for such Return Accumulation Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the 
case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is 
unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above 
provisions in relation to any Return Accumulation Period and that such inability is not due to the 
occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the Rate applicable to the Certificates during such Return 
Accumulation Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic 
mean last determined in relation to the Certificates in respect of a preceding Return Accumulation Period.

--- Page 82 ---
70 
 
 
If the Calculation Agent, for any reason, is unable to perform the calculations or obtain the Rate as 
outlined in (a), (b), (c) and (d) above, the Calculation Agent will inform the Trustee as soon as practicable 
and, in such case, the Trustee will appoint an alternative agent to determine the Rate or will provide the 
Rate themselves in accordance with the procedures set out above. 
In these Conditions: 
Reference Banks means (i) (where the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) the principal London office of 
each of four major banks engaged in the London or Eurozone inter-bank market selected by or on behalf 
of the Trustee and (ii) (where the Reference Rate is SAIBOR) the principal Riyadh office of each of four 
major banks engaged in the Saudi inter-bank market selected by or on behalf of the Trustee, provided 
that once a Reference Bank has first been selected by or on behalf of the Trustee, such Reference Bank 
shall not be changed unless it ceases to be capable of acting as such. The Trustee will, at such time as 
Reference Banks are required or at the request of the Calculation Agent, provide the Calculation Agent 
with the complete contact details of each relevant person at the applicable Reference Bank, including but 
not limited to, the telephone number, fax number and e-mail address; 
Relevant Screen Page means the page, section or other part of a particular information service specified 
as the Relevant Screen Page in the applicable Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as 
may replace it on that information service or such other information service, in each case, as may be 
nominated by the person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of 
displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate. 
If the Rate cannot be determined because of the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the Rate shall be 
calculated in accordance with the terms of Condition 8.4. 
8.4 
Benchmark Replacement 
Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Condition, if the Trustee and Dar Al-Arkan, following 
consultation with the Calculation Agent, determine that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to 
the relevant Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms when any Rate (or the relevant 
component part thereof) applicable to the Certificates for any Return Accumulation Period remains to be 
determined by such Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply: 
(a) 
the Trustee and Dar Al-Arkan shall use their reasonable endeavours to appoint, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, an Independent Adviser to determine no later than ten Business Days 
prior to the relevant Periodic Distribution Determination Date relating to the next succeeding 
Return Accumulation Period (the IA Determination Cut-Off Date), a Successor Rate or, 
alternatively, if there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate and, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread for the purposes of determining the Rate (or the relevant component part 
thereof) applicable to the Certificates; 
(b) 
if (A) the Trustee and Dar Al-Arkan are unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (B) the 
Independent Adviser appointed by the Trustee and Dar Al-Arkan fails to determine a Successor 
Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate and/or, in either case, an Adjustment 
Spread in accordance with this Condition 8.4 prior to the relevant IA Determination Cut-Off 
Date, then Dar Al-Arkan (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may 
elect to determine the Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) and/or, in either case, an Adjustment Spread itself for the purposes of determining 
the Rate (or the relevant component part thereof) applicable to the Certificates or, if applicable, 
any Benchmark Amendments, to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (with the 
relevant provisions in this Condition 8.4 applying mutatis mutandis to allow such 
determinations to be made by Dar Al-Arkan without consultation with the Independent 
Adviser); 
(c) 
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is 
determined in accordance with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or, failing which, 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) shall be the Reference Rate for each of the future 
Return Accumulation Periods in respect of such Certificates (subject to the subsequent operation 
of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 8.4. If, however, the Independent Adviser

--- Page 83 ---
71 
 
 
(in consultation with the Trustee and Dar Al-Arkan) or Dar Al-Arkan (acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner) (as applicable) is unable to determine, prior to the IA 
Determination Cut Off Date relating to the next succeeding Return Accumulation Period, the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment 
Spread; 
(d) 
the Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the Adjustment Spread), 
shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be) 
provided however, if the Independent Adviser (following consultation with the Trustee and Dar 
Al-Arkan), or Dar Al-Arkan (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) 
fails to determine the Adjustment Spread in accordance with this Condition 8.4 prior to the 
relevant Periodic Distribution Determination Date then the Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate as determined in accordance with this Condition 8.4 will apply without an 
Adjustment Spread; 
(e) 
if any Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 8.4 and the Independent Adviser (following consultation with 
the Trustee and Dar Al-Arkan) or Dar Al-Arkan (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner), as applicable, determines: (A) that amendments to these Conditions, the 
Master Trust Deed and/or any other Transaction Document (including, without limitation, 
amendments to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, Business Day, Business Day Convention, 
Periodic Distribution Determination Date or Relevant Screen Page) are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate and/or Adjustment Spread 
(such amendments, the Benchmark Amendments); and (B) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then, at the direction and expense of Dar Al-Arkan and subject to delivery of a 
notice in accordance with Condition 8.4(f): (x) the Trustee (acting on the instructions of Dar 
Al-Arkan) and Dar Al-Arkan shall vary these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice; and (y) the Trustee, the Delegate 
and the Agents shall (at Dar Al-Arkan's expense), without any requirement for the consent or 
sanction of Certificateholders, be obliged to concur with Dar Al-Arkan in effecting such 
Benchmark Amendments, provided that none of the Trustee, the Delegate or any Agent shall be 
required to effect any such Benchmark Amendments if the same would impose, in its opinion, 
more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any liability against which it is not adequately 
indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction or impose any additional duties, 
responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend its rights and/or the protective provisions 
afforded to it. 
(f) 
Prior to any such Benchmark Amendments taking effect: (A) the Trustee shall provide a 
certificate signed by a director or a duly authorised signatory of the Trustee to the Delegate and 
the Principal Paying Agent; and (B) Dar Al-Arkan shall provide a certificate signed by a duly 
authorised signatory of Dar Al-Arkan to the Trustee, the Delegate and the Principal Paying 
Agent that such Benchmark Amendments are: (x) in the Trustee's or Dar Al-Arkan's (as the case 
may be) reasonable opinion (following consultation with the Independent Adviser), necessary 
to give effect to any application of this Condition 8.4); and (y) in each case, have been drafted 
solely to such effect, and the Trustee (in the case of the certificate to be provided to Dar Al-
Arkan), the Delegate and the Principal Paying Agent (as the case may be) shall be entitled to 
rely on such certificates without further enquiry or liability to any person. For the avoidance of 
doubt, none of the Delegate or any Agent shall be liable to the Certificateholders or any other 
person for so acting or relying on such certificate, irrespective of whether any such modification 
is or may be materially prejudicial to the interests of any such Certificateholder or person; 
(g) 
Dar Al-Arkan shall promptly, following the determination of any Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) and the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, give 
notice to the Delegate, the Agents (such notice to be delivered not less than 10 Business Days 
prior to the date on which such Benchmark Amendments are due to come into effect) and, in 
accordance with Condition 18, the Certificateholders confirming: (A) that a Benchmark Event 
has occurred; (B) the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); (C) any 
applicable Adjustment Spread; and (D) the specific terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if 
any in each case, as determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 8.4);

--- Page 84 ---
72 
 
 
(h) 
if, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination of the 
Rate (or the relevant component part thereof) on the immediately following Periodic 
Distribution Determination Date, no Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) is determined pursuant to this provision, then the Rate (or the relevant component 
part thereof) shall be determined as at the last preceding Periodic Distribution Determination 
Date. For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 8.4(h) shall apply to the relevant immediately 
following Return Accumulation Period only and any subsequent Return Accumulation Periods 
are subject to the subsequent operation of and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 8.4; 
and 
(i) 
the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 8.4 shall act and make all 
determinations pursuant to this Condition 8.4 in good faith and the Independent Adviser shall 
act as an expert. In the absence of bad faith, wilful default or fraud, none of the Independent 
Adviser, the Trustee or Dar Al-Arkan shall have any liability whatsoever to the Principal Paying 
Agent, the Paying Agents or the Certificateholders in connection with any determination made 
by it or, in the case of the Independent Adviser, for any advice given to the Trustee and Dar Al-
Arkan in connection with any determination made by the Trustee and Dar Al-Arkan pursuant 
to this Condition 8.4. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 8, if in the Calculation Agent’s opinion there is 
any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making any determination or 
calculation under this Condition 8, the Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Trustee and Dar Al-
Arkan thereof and the Trustee, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if appointed), shall 
direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. If the Calculation 
Agent is not promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable to make such calculation or 
determination for any reason, it shall notify the Trustee and Dar Al-Arkan thereof and the Calculation 
Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or determination and shall not incur any 
liability for not doing so. 
In these Conditions: 
Adjustment Spread means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or (b) a formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an 
option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the relevant Reference Rate 
with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(B) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Reference 
Rate) the Independent Adviser (following consultation with the Trustee and Dar Al-
Arkan) determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets 
transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the relevant 
Reference Rate; or 
(C) 
(if the Independent Adviser (following consultation with the Trustee and Dar Al-
Arkan) determines that no such spread, formula or methodology is customarily 
applied) the Independent Adviser (following consultation with the Trustee and Dar Al-
Arkan) determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for 
over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the relevant Reference Rate, 
where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference 
Rate (as the case may be); or 
(D) 
(if the Independent Adviser (following consultation with the Trustee and Dar Al-
Arkan) determines that there is no such industry standard) the Independent Adviser 
(following consultation with the Trustee and Dar Al-Arkan) or Dar Al-Arkan (as 
applicable) determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) 
in their sole discretion to be appropriate;

--- Page 85 ---
73 
 
 
Alternative Reference Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser (following consultation with the Trustee and Dar Al-Arkan) determines, in accordance with this 
Condition 8.4, is customarily applied in international debt capital markets transactions for the purposes 
of determining profit rates (or the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as 
the Certificates and of a comparable duration to the relevant Return Accumulation Period or, if the 
Independent Adviser or Dar Al-Arkan (as applicable) determines that there is no such rate, such other 
rate as the Independent Adviser or Dar Al-Arkan (as applicable) determines in their sole discretion is 
most comparable to the relevant Reference Rate; 
Benchmark Event means: (i) the relevant Reference Rate ceasing to be published as a result of such 
benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered or ceasing to exist for at least five Business Days; 
or (ii) a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that it has ceased or that it 
will, by a specified future date, cease publishing the relevant Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely 
(in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of 
the relevant Reference Rate); or (iii) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
relevant Reference Rate, that the relevant Reference Rate has been or will be by a specified future date, 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or (iv) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the relevant Reference Rate as a consequence of which by a specified future date, the relevant 
Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect of the Certificates; or 
(v) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that, in the 
view of such supervisor, such Reference Rate is or will be (or is or will be deemed by such supervisor to 
be) no longer representative of an underlying market; or (vi) it has become unlawful for the Trustee, Dar 
Al-Arkan, the Calculation Agent or any Paying Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to any 
Certificateholder using the relevant Reference Rate, provided that where the relevant Benchmark Event 
is a public statement within sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii), (iv) and (v) above and the relevant specified future 
date in the public statement is more than six months after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark 
Event shall not be deemed to occur until the date falling six months prior to such specified future date; 
Financial Stability Board means the organisation established by the Group of Twenty (G20) in April 
2009; 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Trustee and Dar Al-Arkan at Dar Al-
Arkan's expense; 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a Reference Rate: (i) the central bank for the currency 
to which the Reference Rate relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the Reference Rate; or (ii) any working group or 
committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of: (A) the central bank 
for the currency to which the Reference Rate relates; (B) any central bank or other supervisory authority 
which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the Reference Rate; (C) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities; or (D) the Financial Stability Board or 
any part thereof; and 
Successor Rate means the rate that the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Trustee and Dar 
Al-Arkan) or Dar Al-Arkan, as applicable, determines is a successor to or replacement of the relevant 
Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
8.5 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of a Return Accumulation Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate for such Return Accumulation Period shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which 
rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Return Accumulation Period and the other 
of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next longer than the length of the relevant Return Accumulation Period, provided however that, 
if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines 
appropriate.

--- Page 86 ---
74 
 
 
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated in 
the Reference Rate. 
8.6 
Calculation of Periodic Distribution Amount 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which the Rate is to be determined in 
relation to each Return Accumulation Period, calculate the Periodic Distribution Amount payable in 
respect of each Certificate for such Return Accumulation Period. The Periodic Distribution Amount will 
be calculated by applying the Rate applicable to the relevant Return Accumulation Period to: 
(a) 
in the case of Certificates which are represented by a Global Certificate, the aggregate 
outstanding face amount of the Certificates represented by such Global Certificate; or 
(b) 
in the case of Certificates in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards). Where 
the Specified Denomination of a Certificate in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, 
the Periodic Distribution Amount payable in respect of such Certificate shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of a Periodic Distribution Amount in 
accordance with this Condition: 
(a) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Return Accumulation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of 
that Return Accumulation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Return Accumulation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Return Accumulation Period falling in a non-leap 
year divided by 365); 
(b) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Return Accumulation Period divided by 365; 
(c) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Return Accumulation Period divided by 365 or, in the case of a Periodic Distribution Date 
falling in a leap year, 366; 
(d) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Return Accumulation Period divided by 360; 
(e) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Return Accumulation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 - Y1)] + [30 × (M2 – M1)] + (D2 - D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Return Accumulation 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Return Accumulation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Return 
Accumulation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Return Accumulation Period falls;

--- Page 87 ---
75 
 
 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Return Accumulation Period, unless 
such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Return Accumulation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, 
in which case D2 will be 30; 
(f) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Return Accumulation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 - Y1)] + [30 × (M2 – M1)] + (D2 - D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Return Accumulation 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Return Accumulation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Return 
Accumulation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Return Accumulation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Return Accumulation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Return Accumulation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 
30; 
(g) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the Return 
Accumulation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 - Y1)] + [30 × (M2 – M1)] + (D2 - D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Return Accumulation 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Return Accumulation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Return 
Accumulation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Return Accumulation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Return Accumulation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Return Accumulation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Scheduled Dissolution Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
8.7 
Publication

--- Page 88 ---
76 
 
 
The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate and Periodic Distribution Amount determined by it, together 
with the relevant Periodic Distribution Date, and any other amount(s) required to be determined by it 
together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Trustee, Dar Al-Arkan, the Delegate and 
the Paying Agents as soon as practicable after such determination but (in the case of each Rate, Periodic 
Distribution Amount and Periodic Distribution Date) in any event not later than the fourth day of the 
relevant Return Accumulation Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the 
Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 18. The Calculation Agent will be required to recalculate 
any Periodic Distribution Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event 
of an extension or shortening of the relevant Return Accumulation Period and any such recalculation will 
be notified to the Trustee, Dar Al-Arkan, the Delegate, the Paying Agents and the Certificateholders as 
soon as practicable after such determination. 
8.8 
Notifications, etc. to be final 
All communications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition by the Calculation Agent 
will (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest or proven error) be binding on the Trustee, 
the Delegate, Dar Al-Arkan, the Agents and all Certificateholders and (in the absence of wilful default 
or fraud) no liability shall attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise 
by it of its powers, duties and discretions under this Condition. 
8.9 
Calculation Agent 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 8, if in the Calculation Agent’s opinion there is 
any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making any determination or 
calculation under this Condition 8, the Calculation Agent shall promptly notify Dar Al-Arkan thereof 
and Dar Al-Arkan shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to which alternative course of action 
to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable to 
make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify Dar Al-Arkan thereof and the 
Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or determination and shall not 
incur any liability for not doing so. 
9. 
PAYMENT 
9.1 
Payments in respect of the Certificates 
Subject to Condition 9.2, payment of any Dissolution Amount and any Periodic Distribution Amount 
will be made by transfer to the registered account of each Certificateholder. Payments of any Dissolution 
Amount will only be made against surrender of the relevant Certificate at the specified office of any of 
the Paying Agents. Each Dissolution Amount and each Periodic Distribution Amount will be paid to the 
holder shown on the Register at the close of business on the relevant Record Date. 
In these Conditions: 
(a) 
Dissolution Amount means, as appropriate, the Final Dissolution Amount, the Early 
Dissolution Amount (Tax), the Early Dissolution Amount (Trustee Call), the Certificateholder 
Put Right Dissolution Amount, the Change of Control Put Right Dissolution Amount, the 
Tangibility Event Put Right Dissolution Amount, the Clean Up Dissolution Amount, the Total 
Loss Dissolution Amount, the Dissolution Amount for the purposes of Condition 15 or such 
other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
(b) 
Payment Business Day means: 
(i) 
in the case where presentation and surrender of a definitive Certificate is required 
before payment can be made, a day on which banks in the relevant place of surrender 
of the definitive Certificate are open for presentation and payment of securities and for 
dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account:

--- Page 89 ---
77 
 
 
(A) 
if the currency of payment is euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre; or 
(B) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in 
foreign currencies may be carried on in the principal financial centre of the currency 
of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
(c) 
a Certificateholder’s registered account means the account maintained by or on behalf of such 
Certificateholder with a bank that processes payments in the Specified Currency, details of 
which appear on the Register at the close of business on the relevant Record Date; 
(d) 
a Certificateholder’s registered address means its address appearing on the Register at that 
time; and 
(e) 
Record Date means (i) (where the Certificate is represented by a Global Certificate), at the 
close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg are open for business) before the Periodic Distribution Date, Scheduled 
Dissolution Date or Dissolution Date, as the case may be; or (ii) (where the Certificate is in 
definitive form), in the case of the payment of a Periodic Distribution Amount, the date falling 
on the fifteenth day before the relevant Periodic Distribution Date and, in the case of the 
payment of a Dissolution Amount, the date falling two Payment Business Days before the 
Scheduled Dissolution Date or Dissolution Date, as the case may be. 
9.2 
Payments subject to Applicable Laws 
Payments in respect of any Dissolution Amount and any Periodic Distribution Amount on the Certificates 
are subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in the place of 
payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12, and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 12) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
9.3 
Payment only on a Payment Business Day 
Payment instructions (for value the due date or, if that is not a Payment Business Day, for value the first 
following day which is a Payment Business Day) will be initiated on the due date for payment or, in the 
case of a payment of any Dissolution Amount, if later, on the Payment Business Day on which the 
relevant definitive Certificate is surrendered at the specified office of a Paying Agent for value as soon 
as practicable thereafter. 
Certificateholders will not be entitled to any additional payment for any delay after the due date in 
receiving the amount due if the due date is not a Payment Business Day or if the relevant Certificateholder 
is late in surrendering its definitive Certificate (if required to do so). 
If the amount of any Dissolution Amount or Periodic Distribution Amount is not paid in full when due, 
the Registrar will annotate the Register with a record of the amount in fact paid. 
9.4 
Cessation of Profit Entitlement 
No further amounts will be payable on any Certificate from and including (a) the Dissolution Date 
(excluding a Total Loss Dissolution Date), unless default is made in the payment of the Dissolution 
Amount and provided that a Sale Agreement has not been entered into in accordance with the terms of 
the Purchase Undertaking or the Sale and Substitution Undertaking, as the case may be, in which case 
Periodic Distribution Amounts will continue to accrue in respect of the Certificates in the manner 
provided in these Conditions to the earlier of: (i) the Relevant Date; or (ii) the date on which a Sale 
Agreement is executed pursuant to the Purchase Undertaking or the Sale and Substitution Undertaking, 
as the case may be; and (b) the date on which a Total Loss Event occurs provided that the Lease Assets 
have not been replaced in accordance with the Service Agency Agreement.

--- Page 90 ---
78 
 
 
10. 
AGENTS 
10.1 
Agents of Trustee 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Certificates, the Agents act solely as 
agents of the Trustee and (to the extent provided therein) the Delegate and do not assume any obligations 
towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Certificateholders or Dar Al-Arkan. If 
any additional Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such Agents will be 
specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting 
any entity into which any Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it 
transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor agent. 
10.2 
Specified Offices 
The initial Agents are set out above. If any additional Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, 
the names of such Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. The Trustee reserves 
the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and to appoint additional or other 
Agents provided, however, that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent; 
(b) 
there will at all times be a Registrar; 
(c) 
if a Calculation Agent (other than the Principal Paying Agent) has been appointed in the 
applicable Final Terms, there will at all times be a Calculation Agent; and 
(d) 
so long as any Certificates are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation on any listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, there will at all times be a Paying Agent, 
Registrar and a Transfer Agent having its specified office in such place (if any) as may be 
required by the rules of such listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any termination or appointment and of any changes in specified offices will be given to the 
Certificateholders promptly by the Trustee in accordance with Condition 18. 
11. 
CAPITAL DISTRIBUTIONS OF THE TRUST 
11.1 
Scheduled Dissolution 
Unless the Certificates are previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, in full, the Trustee shall 
redeem the Certificate on the Scheduled Dissolution Date at the Final Dissolution Amount together with 
any accrued but unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts. Upon payment in full of such amounts to the 
Certificateholders, the Trust will terminate, the Certificates shall cease to represent undivided ownership 
interests in the Trust Assets and no further amounts shall be payable in respect thereof and the Trustee 
shall have no further obligations in respect thereof. 
11.2 
Early Dissolution for Tax Reasons 
The Trustee shall, upon receipt of a duly completed Exercise Notice from Dar Al-Arkan in accordance 
with the Sale and Substitution Undertaking, redeem the Certificates in whole, but not in part: 
(a) 
at any time (if the Fixed Periodic Distribution Provisions are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being applicable); or 
(b) 
on any Periodic Distribution Date (if the Floating Periodic Distribution Provisions are specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable), 
(such date, the Early Tax Dissolution Date) on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to 
the Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 18 (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige 
the Trustee to redeem the Certificates on the relevant Early Tax Dissolution Date), at the Early 
Dissolution Amount (Tax) together with any accrued but unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts, if a Tax 
Event occurs where Tax Event means: 
(i) 
the Trustee has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts pursuant to Condition 12; or

--- Page 91 ---
79 
 
 
(ii) 
the Trustee has received notice from Dar Al-Arkan that it has or will become obliged to pay 
additional amounts to the Trustee pursuant to any Transaction Documents as a result of Dar Al-
Arkan having been required to withhold or deduct any taxes in respect of any payment by it 
pursuant to the relevant Transaction Document to or to the order of the Trustee (at a rate in 
excess of five per cent. of the gross amounts payable under the relevant Transaction Document), 
in each case (x) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of any Relevant 
Jurisdiction, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which 
change or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date, and (y) such obligation cannot be 
avoided by the Trustee or Dar Al-Arkan, as the case may be, taking reasonable measures available to it; 
and provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which, in the case of paragraph (i) above, the Trustee would be obliged to pay such additional 
amounts were a payment in respect of the Certificates then due or, in the case of paragraph (ii) above, 
Dar Al-Arkan would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment to or to the order of the 
Trustee pursuant to the relevant Transaction Document then due, as the case may be. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to Condition 11.2, the Trustee shall deliver 
to the Delegate: (i) (in the case of (i) above) a certificate signed by two duly authorised officers of the 
Trustee stating that the obligation referred to in (i) has arisen, or (in the case of (ii) above) a certificate 
signed by two duly authorised officers of Dar Al-Arkan stating that the obligation referred to in (ii) has 
arisen, and in each case stating that the obligation cannot be avoided by the Trustee or Dar Al-Arkan, as 
the case may be (having taken all reasonable measures available to it); and (ii) an opinion of independent 
legal or tax advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Trustee or Dar Al-Arkan, as the case 
may be, will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment.  
The Delegate shall be entitled to accept (without further investigation) any such certificate and opinion 
delivered to it pursuant to the above as sufficient evidence thereof in which event it shall be conclusive 
and binding on the Certificateholders. For the avoidance of doubt, the Delegate shall have no liability to 
any person for accepting and acting on such certificate and/or opinion. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 11.2, the Trustee shall be bound to 
redeem the Certificates at the Early Dissolution Amount (Tax) together with any accrued but unpaid 
Periodic Distribution Amounts and, upon payment in full of such amounts to the Certificateholders, the 
Trust will terminate, the Certificates shall cease to represent undivided ownership interests in the Trust 
Assets and no further amounts shall be payable in respect thereof and the Trustee shall have no further 
obligations in respect thereof. 
11.3 
Dissolution at the Option of the Trustee 
If Early Dissolution (Trustee Call) is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the 
Trustee shall, upon receipt of a duly completed Exercise Notice from Dar Al-Arkan in accordance with 
the Sale and Substitution Undertaking, redeem the Certificates in whole, but not in part, on any Early 
Dissolution Date (Trustee Call), which must be a Periodic Distribution Date if the Floating Periodic 
Distribution Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms, at the relevant Early Dissolution 
Amount (Trustee Call) together with any accrued but unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts on giving 
not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 18 
(which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Trustee to redeem the Certificates on the relevant 
Early Dissolution Date (Trustee Call)). Upon such redemption, the Trust will terminate, the Certificates 
shall cease to represent undivided ownership interests in the Trust Assets and no further amounts shall 
be payable in respect thereof and the Trustee shall have no further obligations in respect thereof; 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given unless the Trustee has received an 
exercise notice from Dar Al-Arkan under the Trust Deed. 
Early Dissolution (Trustee Call) and Certificateholder Put Right may not both be specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
11.4 
Dissolution at the Option of Certificateholders 
If Certificateholder Put Right is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Trustee 
shall, at the option of any Certificateholder, upon such holder giving to the Trustee not less than the 
minimum period of notice nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final

--- Page 92 ---
80 
 
 
Terms, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such Certificates on the Certificateholder Put Right Date 
at the relevant Certificateholder Put Right Dissolution Amount together with any accrued but unpaid 
Periodic Distribution Amounts. If all (and not some only) of the Certificates are to be redeemed on any 
Certificateholder Put Right Date in accordance with this Condition 11.4, upon payment in full of the 
relevant Certificateholder Put Right Dissolution Amount together with any accrued but unpaid Periodic 
Distribution Amounts to the Certificateholders, the Trust will terminate, the Certificates shall cease to 
represent undivided ownership interests in the Trust Assets and no further amounts shall be payable in 
respect thereof and the Trustee shall have no further obligations in respect thereof.  
To exercise the option in this Condition 11.4 the relevant holder must, if such Certificates are in definitive 
form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified office of the 
Principal Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of the Principal Paying Agent falling 
within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being 
current) obtainable from the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (a Certificateholder Put 
Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this 
Condition 11.4 and the face amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full amount of the 
Certificates so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new Certificate in respect of the 
balance of such Certificate is to be sent subject to and in accordance with the provisions of Condition 
2.2. 
If the Certificates are represented by a Global Certificate or are in definitive form and held through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the option in this Condition 11.4 a holder must, 
within the notice period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent of such exercise in accordance with 
the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being 
given on such Certificateholder’s instruction by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any depositary 
for them to the Principal Paying Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time and if the Certificates are represented by a Global 
Certificate, at the same time present or procure the presentation of the relevant Global Certificate to the 
Principal Paying Agent for notation accordingly. 
Any Certificateholder Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg by a holder of any Certificate pursuant to this Condition 11.4 
shall be irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, a Dissolution Event has occurred 
and the Delegate has declared the Certificates to be redeemed pursuant to Condition 15, in which event 
such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Trustee to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this 
Condition 11.4. 
Certificateholder Put Right and Early Dissolution (Trustee Call) may not both be specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
11.5 
Dissolution at the Option of Certificateholders following a Change of Control   
The Trustee shall, upon receipt of a written notice from Dar Al-Arkan, or otherwise upon having actual 
knowledge, of the occurrence of a Change of Control, promptly give notice (a Change of Control 
Notice) of the occurrence of a Change of Control to the Delegate and the Certificateholders in accordance 
with Condition 18. Upon receipt of the Change of Control Notice, Certificateholders may elect within 
the Change of Control Put Right Period for all or any of their Certificates to be redeemed. 
If any Certificateholders elect to redeem their Certificates, in whole or in part, in accordance with this 
Condition 11.5, the Trustee shall redeem such Certificates on the relevant Change of Control Put Right 
Date at the Change of Control Put Right Dissolution Amount together with any accrued but unpaid 
Periodic Distribution Amounts. If all (and not some only) of the Certificates are to be redeemed on any 
Change of Control Put Right Date in accordance with this Condition 11.5, upon payment in full of the 
relevant Change of Control Put Right Dissolution Amount together with any accrued but unpaid Periodic 
Distribution Amounts to the Certificateholders, the Trust will terminate, the Certificates shall cease to 
represent undivided ownership interests in the Trust Assets and no further amounts shall be payable in 
respect thereof and the Trustee shall have no further obligations in respect thereof. 
To exercise the option in this Condition 11.5 the relevant holder must, if such Certificates are in definitive 
form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified office of the 
Principal Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of the Principal Paying Agent falling

--- Page 93 ---
81 
 
 
within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being 
current) obtainable from the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (a Change of Control Put 
Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this 
Condition 11.5 and the face amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full amount of the 
Certificates so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new Certificate in respect of the 
balance of such Certificate is to be sent subject to and in accordance with the provisions of Condition 
2.2. 
If the Certificates are represented by a Global Certificate or are in definitive form and held through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the option in this Condition 11.4 a holder must, 
within the notice period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent of such exercise in accordance with 
the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being 
given on such Certificateholder’s instruction by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any depositary 
for them to the Principal Paying Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time and if the Certificates are represented by a Global 
Certificate, at the same time present or procure the presentation of the relevant Global Certificate to the 
Principal Paying Agent for notation accordingly. 
Any Change of Control Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg by a holder of any Certificate pursuant to this Condition 11.4 
shall be irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, a Dissolution Event has occurred 
and the Delegate has declared the Certificates to be redeemed pursuant to Condition 15, in which event 
such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Trustee to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this 
Condition 11.5. 
In these Conditions: 
Change of Control means: 
(a) 
any person (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act), other than 
one or more Permitted Holders, is or becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 
and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of more than 50 per cent. of the total 
voting power of the Voting Stock of Dar Al-Arkan; provided, however, that the Permitted 
Holders do not have the right or ability by voting power, contract or otherwise to elect or 
designate for election a majority of the Board of Directors (for the purposes of this paragraph 
(a), such other person shall be deemed to beneficially own any Voting Stock of a specified 
person held by a parent entity, if such other person is the beneficial owner (as defined in this 
paragraph (a)), directly or indirectly, of more than 50 per cent. of the voting power of the Voting 
Stock of such parent entity and the Permitted Holders do not have the right or ability by voting 
power, contract or otherwise to elect or designate for election a majority of the board of directors 
of such parent entity); 
(b) 
individuals who on the Issue Date constituted the Board of Directors (together with any new 
directors whose election by such Board of Directors or whose nomination for election by the 
shareholders of Dar Al-Arkan was approved by a vote of a majority of the directors of Dar Al-
Arkan then still in office who were either directors on the Issue Date or whose election or 
nomination for election was previously so approved) cease for any reason to constitute a 
majority of the Board of Directors then in office; 
(c) 
the adoption of a plan relating to the liquidation or dissolution of Dar Al-Arkan; or 
(d) 
the merger or consolidation of Dar Al-Arkan with or into another person or the merger of 
another person with or into Dar Al-Arkan, or the sale of all or substantially all the assets of Dar 
Al-Arkan (determined on a consolidated basis) to another person other than (i) a transaction in 
which the survivor or transferee is a person that is controlled by Permitted Holders or (ii) a 
transaction following which (A) in the case of a merger or consolidation transaction, holders of 
securities that represented 100 per cent. of the Voting Stock of Dar Al-Arkan immediately prior 
to such transaction (or other securities into which such securities are converted as part of such 
merger or consolidation transaction) own directly or indirectly at least a majority of the voting 
power of the Voting Stock of the surviving person in such merger or consolidation transaction 
immediately after such transaction and in substantially the same proportion as before the

--- Page 94 ---
82 
 
 
transaction and (B) in the case of a sale of assets transaction, each transferee becomes an obligor 
under the Transaction Documents to which Dar Al-Arkan is a party and a Subsidiary of the 
transferor of such assets;  
Change of Control Put Right Date shall be the tenth Business Day after the expiry of the Change of 
Control Put Right Period; and 
Change of Control Put Right Period means the period from (and including) the date of the Change of 
Control Put Notice to (but excluding) the 60th day following the date of the Change of Control Put 
Notice.  
11.6 
Dissolution at the Option of Certificateholders following a Tangibility Event  
The Trustee shall, upon receipt of a Tangibility Event Trustee Notice from Dar Al-Arkan in accordance 
with the Service Agency Agreement, promptly give notice (a Tangibility Event Notice) to the Delegate 
and the Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 18, specifying: 
(a) 
that a Tangibility Event has occurred, together with an explanation of the reasons for, and 
evidence of, such occurrence; 
(b) 
that, as determined in consultation with the Shari’a Adviser, the Certificates should be tradable 
only in accordance with the Shari’a principles of debt trading (such as the principle that debt is 
to be traded against tangible assets and/or eligible commodities on a spot settlement basis);  
(c) 
that, on the date falling 15 days following the Tangibility Event Put Right Date, the Certificates 
will be delisted from any stock exchange (if any) on which the Certificates are admitted to listing 
or, if such date is not a business day, the next following business day (business day being, for 
this purpose. a day on which the stock exchange on which the Certificates are admitted to listing 
is open for business); and 
(d) 
the Tangibility Event Put Period, during which period any Certificateholder shall have the 
option to require the redemption of all or any of its Certificates. 
Upon receipt of the Tangibility Event Notice, Certificateholders may elect, within the Tangibility Event 
Put Right Period, for all or any of their Certificates to be redeemed.  
If any Certificateholders elect to redeem their Certificates, in whole or in part, in accordance with this 
Condition 11.6, the Trustee shall redeem such Certificates on the Tangibility Event Put Right Date at the 
relevant Tangibility Event Put Right Dissolution Amount together with any accrued but unpaid Periodic 
Distribution Amounts. If all (and not some only) of the Certificates are to be redeemed on any Tangibility 
Event Put Right Date in accordance with this Condition 11.6, upon payment in full of the relevant 
Tangibility Event Put Right Dissolution Amount together with any accrued but unpaid Periodic 
Distribution Amounts to the Certificateholders, the Trust will terminate, the Certificates shall cease to 
represent undivided ownership interests in the Trust Assets and no further amounts shall be payable in 
respect thereof and the Trustee shall have no further obligations in respect thereof. 
To exercise the option in this Condition 11.6 the relevant holder must, if such Certificates are in definitive 
form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified office of the 
Principal Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of the Principal Paying Agent falling 
within the Tangibility Event Put Period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for 
the time being current) obtainable from the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (a Tangibility 
Event Put Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank account to which payment is to be made 
under this Condition 11.6 and the face amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full amount 
of the Certificates so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new Certificate in respect of 
the balance of such Certificate is to be sent subject to and in accordance with the provisions of Condition 
2.2. 
If the Certificates are represented by a Global Certificate or are in definitive form and held through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the option in this Condition 11.6 a holder must, 
within the Tangibility Event Put Period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent of such exercise in 
accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include 
notice being given on such Certificateholder’s instruction by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or

--- Page 95 ---
83 
 
 
any depositary for them to the Principal Paying Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time and if the Certificates are represented by a 
Global Certificate, at the same time present or procure the presentation of the relevant Global Certificate 
to the Principal Paying Agent for notation accordingly. 
Any Tangibility Event Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg by a holder of any Certificate pursuant to this Condition 11.6 
shall be irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, a Dissolution Event has occurred 
and the Delegate has declared the Certificates to be redeemed pursuant to Condition 15, in which event 
such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Trustee to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this 
Condition 11.6. 
In these Conditions:  
a Tangibility Event means if, at any time, the Tangible Asset Ratio, other than as a result of the 
occurrence of a Loss Event, falls below 33 per cent.:  
Tangibility Event Put Right Date means the first Business Day falling 75 days following the expiry of 
the Tangibility Event Put Period;  
Tangibility Event Put Period means a period of 30 days commencing on the date that a Tangibility 
Event Notice is given;  
Tangibility Event Trustee Notice has the meaning given to it in the Service Agency Agreement; and  
Tangible Asset Ratio has the meaning given to it in the Service Agency Agreement.  
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Delegate nor any Agent will have any responsibility for 
monitoring or ensuring compliance with any such Shari’a principles of debt trading referred to in (ii) 
above nor shall it be liable to any Certificateholder or any other person in respect thereof. 
11.7 
Dissolution for Clean Up Reasons 
If 75 per cent. or more of the aggregate face amount of Certificates then outstanding have been redeemed 
and/or purchased and cancelled pursuant to this Condition 11 and/or Condition 14, as the case may be, 
the Trustee shall, upon receipt of a duly completed Exercise Notice from Dar Al-Arkan in accordance 
with the Sale and Substitution Undertaking, redeem the Certificates in whole, but not in part, on the date 
specified in such notice (such date, the Clean Up Dissolution Date), which must be a Periodic 
Distribution Date if the Floating Periodic Distribution Provisions are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, at the relevant Clean Up Dissolution Amount together with any accrued but unpaid Periodic 
Distribution Amounts on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Certificateholders 
in accordance with Condition 18 (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Trustee to redeem 
the Certificates on the relevant Clean Up Dissolution Date). Upon such redemption, the Trust will 
terminate, the Certificates shall cease to represent undivided ownership interests in the Trust Assets and 
no further amounts shall be payable in respect thereof and the Trustee shall have no further obligations 
in respect thereof; provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given unless the Trustee 
has received an exercise notice from Dar Al-Arkan under the Trust Deed. 
11.8 
Dissolution following a Total Loss Event 
The Trustee shall, upon receipt of a written notice from Dar Al-Arkan, or otherwise upon having actual 
knowledge, of the occurrence of a Total Loss Event, redeem the Certificates in whole, but not in part, 
provided that the Lease Assets have not been replaced in accordance with the Service Agency 
Agreement, on the Total Loss Dissolution Date by no later than the close of business in London on the 
61st day after the occurrence of the Total Loss Event (a Total Loss Dissolution Date) at the relevant 
Total Loss Dissolution Amount together with any accrued but unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts.  
Following the occurrence of a Total Loss Event, the Service Agent shall promptly notify the Trustee and 
the Delegate of the same and the Trustee shall promptly notify Certificateholders (the Trading Notice) 
(a) of the occurrence of the Total Loss Event; and (b) from the date of the Trading Notice and until any 
further notice from the Trustee, in consultation with the Shari’a Adviser, the Certificates should be

--- Page 96 ---
84 
 
 
tradable only in accordance with the Shari’a principles of debt trading (such as the principle that debt is 
to be traded against tangible assets and/or eligible commodities on a spot settlement basis). 
In these Conditions, Total Loss Event means the total loss or destruction of, or damage to, the whole of 
the Lease Assets or any event or occurrence that renders the whole of the Lease Assets permanently unfit 
for any economic use and (but only after taking into consideration any Insurances or other indemnity 
granted by any third party in respect of the Lease Assets) the repair or remedial work in respect thereof 
is wholly uneconomical. 
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Delegate nor any Agent will have any responsibility for 
monitoring or ensuring compliance with any such Shari’a principles of debt trading referred to above nor 
shall it be liable to any Certificateholder or any other person in respect thereof. 
11.9 
No other Dissolution 
The Trustee shall not be entitled to redeem the Certificates or dissolve the Trust, otherwise than as 
provided in this Condition, Condition 14 and Condition 15. 
11.10 
Cancellations 
All Certificates which are redeemed, and all Certificates purchased by or on behalf of Dar Al-Arkan or 
any of its Subsidiaries and delivered by Dar Al-Arkan to the Principal Paying Agent for cancellation, 
will be cancelled in accordance with Condition 14.2 and accordingly such Certificates may not be held, 
reissued or resold. 
11.11 
Dissolution Date 
In these Conditions, the expression Dissolution Date means, as the case may be, (a) the Scheduled 
Dissolution Date, (b) the Early Tax Dissolution Date, (c) the Early Dissolution Date (Trustee Call), (d) 
any Certificateholder Put Right Date, (e) any Change of Control Put Right Date, (f) any Tangibility Event 
Put Right Date, (g) the Total Loss Dissolution Date, or (h) the Dissolution Event Redemption Date. 
12. 
TAXATION 
All payments of any Dissolution Amount and any Periodic Distribution Amount in respect of the 
Certificates by or on behalf of the Trustee shall be made free and clear of and without withholding or 
deduction for, or on account of, any present or future Taxes, unless the withholding or deduction of the 
Taxes is required by law. In such event, the Trustee will pay additional amounts so that the full amount 
which otherwise would have been due and payable under the Certificates in the absence of any such 
withholding or deduction is received by the parties entitled thereto, except that no such additional amount 
shall be payable in relation to any payment in respect of any Certificate: 
(a) 
the holder of which is liable for such Taxes in respect of such Certificate by reason of having 
some connection with any Relevant Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Certificate; 
or 
(b) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a Certificateholder who is eligible for a reduction or 
exemption from such withholding taxes by complying with any certification, identification or 
other reporting requirements whether imposed by statute, treaty, regulation or administrative 
practice concerning nationality, residence or connection with the Relevant Jurisdiction if such 
compliance is requested by the Trustee and is required as a precondition to such relief or 
exemption from such withholding taxes and if, after having been requested to make such 
certification or identification or comply with such reporting requirements, such 
Certificateholder fails to do so; or 
(c) 
presented for payment (where presentation is required) more than 30 days after the Relevant 
Date except to the extent that the Certificateholder would have been entitled to such additional 
amounts on presenting the same for payment on the last day of such 30-day period assuming, 
whether or not such is in fact the case, that day to have been a Payment Business Day. 
The obligation to pay such additional amounts shall not apply to: (i) any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, 
transfer, personal property or any similar tax, assessment or other governmental charge; or (ii) any tax,

--- Page 97 ---
85 
 
 
assessment or other governmental charge which is payable otherwise than by deduction or withholding 
from payments on the Certificates. 
In these Conditions: 
Relevant Date means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received in the 
principal financial centre of the currency of payment by the Principal Paying Agent on or prior to such 
due date, the date on which the full amount has been so received and notice to that effect has duly been 
given to the Certificate holders in accordance with Condition 18; 
Relevant Jurisdiction means the Cayman Islands or the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia or, in each case, any 
political subdivision or authority thereof or therein having the power to tax; and 
Taxes means any present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, fees, assessments or other charges of 
whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Relevant Jurisdiction. 
In accordance with the Master Trust Deed, Dar Al-Arkan has unconditionally and irrevocably 
undertaken to (irrespective of the payment of any fee), as a continuing obligation, in the event that the 
Trustee fails to comply with any obligation to pay additional amounts pursuant to this Condition 12, pay 
to or to the order of the Delegate (for the benefit of the Certificateholders) such net amounts as are 
necessary so that the amount receivable by the Delegate (after any withholding or deduction for or an 
account of Taxes) equals any and all additional amounts, required to be paid by it in respect of the 
Certificates pursuant to this Condition 12. 
The Transaction Documents provide that payments thereunder by Dar Al-Arkan shall be made without 
any withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any taxes unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by law and, in the event there is any such withholding or deduction required by law in the 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, provide for the payment by Dar Al-Arkan of such additional amounts as will 
result in the receipt by Trustee of the net amounts as would have been receivable by it if no such 
withholding or deduction had been made. 
13. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The right to receive distributions in respect of the Certificates will be forfeited unless claimed within a 
period of 10 years (in the case of Dissolution Amounts) and a period of five years (in the case of Periodic 
Distribution Amounts) from the Relevant Date in respect thereof, subject to the provisions of Condition 
9. 
14. 
PURCHASE AND CANCELLATION OF CERTIFICATES 
14.1 
Purchases 
Dar Al-Arkan and/or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Certificates at any price in the 
open market or otherwise. 
14.2 
Cancellation of Certificates held by Dar Al-Arkan and/or any of its Subsidiaries 
Any Certificates purchased by Dar Al-Arkan and/or any Subsidiary thereof may be surrendered to the 
Principal Paying Agent for cancellation on the next succeeding Periodic Distribution Date. Any 
Certificates surrendered for cancellation may not be held, reissued or resold by the Trustee. 
15. 
DISSOLUTION EVENTS 
15.1 
Dissolution Events 
Upon the occurrence and continuation of any of the following events (Dissolution Events): 
(a) 
Non-Payment: default is made in the payment of the Dissolution Amount on the date fixed for 
payment thereof or default is made for more than five Business Days in the payment of any 
Periodic Distribution Amount on the due date for payment thereof; or

--- Page 98 ---
86 
 
 
(b) 
Breach of Other Obligations: the Trustee does not perform or comply with any one or more of 
its other obligations in the Certificates or the Transaction Documents to which it is party which 
default is incapable of remedy or, if in the opinion of the Delegate capable of remedy, is not in 
the opinion of the Delegate remedied within 30 days after notice of such default shall have been 
given to the Trustee; or 
(c) 
Enforcement Proceedings: distress, attachment, execution or other legal process is levied, 
enforced or sued out on or against any part of the property, assets or revenues of the Trustee and 
is not discharged or stayed within 90 days; or 
(d) 
Security Enforced: any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance, present or future, 
created or assumed by the Trustee becomes enforceable and any step is taken to enforce it 
(including the taking of possession or the appointment of a receiver, administrative receiver, 
administrator, manager or other similar person); or 
(e) 
Insolvency: the Trustee is (or is or could be deemed by law or a court to be) insolvent or bankrupt 
or unable to pay its debts, stops, suspends or threatens to stop or suspend payment of all or (in 
the opinion of the Delegate) a material part of (or of a particular type of) its debts, makes a 
general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of the relevant 
creditors in respect of any of such debts or a moratorium is agreed or declared or comes into 
effect in respect of or affecting all or any part of (or of a particular type of) the debts of the 
Trustee; or 
(f) 
Winding-up: an administrator is appointed, an order is made or an effective resolution passed 
for the winding-up or dissolution or administration of the Trustee, or the Trustee shall apply or 
petition for a winding-up or administration order in respect of itself or cease or through an 
official action of its board of directors threaten to cease to carry on all or substantially all of its 
business or operations, in each case except for the purpose of and followed by a reconstruction, 
amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or consolidation on terms approved by the Delegate or 
by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Certificateholders; or 
(g) 
Authorisation and Consents: any action, condition or thing (including the obtaining or effecting 
of any necessary consent, approval, authorisation, exemption, filing, licence, order, recording 
or registration) at any time required to be taken, fulfilled or done in order: (a) to enable the 
Trustee lawfully to enter into, exercise its rights and perform and comply with its obligations 
under the Certificates and the Transaction Documents to which it is party; (b) to ensure that 
those obligations are legally binding and enforceable; and (c) to make the Certificates and the 
Transaction Documents to which it is party admissible in evidence in the courts of the Cayman 
Islands is not taken, fulfilled or done; or 
(h) 
Illegality: it is or will become unlawful for the Trustee to perform or comply with any one or 
more of its obligations under any of the Certificates or the Transaction Documents to which it 
is party; or 
(i) 
Dar Al-Arkan Event: a Dar Al-Arkan Event (as defined below) occurs; or 
(j) 
Analogous Events: any event occurs that under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has an 
analogous effect to any of the events referred to in any of the foregoing paragraphs, 
the Delegate shall, if so requested by a Certificateholders’ Direction and subject to it being indemnified 
and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction, give notice to the Trustee that the Certificates are to 
be redeemed and the Trust is to be dissolved (a Dissolution Request). Immediately following receipt of 
the Dissolution Request, the Trustee (or the Delegate in the name of the Trustee) shall deliver an Exercise 
Notice to Dar Al-Arkan under the Purchase Undertaking and use the proceeds thereof and the aggregate 
amounts then outstanding payable by Dar Al-Arkan under the Master Murabaha Agreement to redeem 
the Certificates at the Dissolution Amount, together with all accrued but unpaid Periodic Distribution 
Amounts on the date specified in the Dissolution Request (the Dissolution Event Redemption Date). 
The Trust shall be dissolved on the day after the last outstanding Certificate has been redeemed in full. 
For the purpose of this Condition 15.1, all amounts payable in respect of the Certificates (including any 
amounts calculated as being payable under Condition 7, Condition 8 and Condition 11) shall be

--- Page 99 ---
87 
 
 
considered due and payable notwithstanding that the Trustee has at the relevant time insufficient funds 
to pay such amounts. 
15.2 
Dar Al-Arkan Events 
For the purposes of this Condition, a Dar Al-Arkan Event means: 
(a) 
Non-Payment: Dar Al-Arkan fails to pay an amount in the nature of profit or principal payable 
by it pursuant to any Transaction Document to which it is a party and such default continues for 
a period of five Business Days; or 
(b) 
Partial Loss Dissolution Event: a Partial Loss Dissolution Event occurs; or 
(c) 
Breach of Merger and Consolidation covenant: the failure by Dar Al-Arkan to comply with its 
obligations under Condition 6.9; or 
(d) 
Breach of other covenants: the failure by Dar Al-Arkan to comply for 30 days with any of its 
obligations in Condition 6 (other than as specified in (b) above); or 
(e) 
Breach of other obligations: Dar Al-Arkan (acting in any capacity): (i) delivers a notice to the 
Trustee and the Delegate pursuant to clause 4.1(d) of the Service Agency Agreement; or (ii) 
defaults in the performance of any other undertaking or agreement under or pursuant to the 
Transaction Documents to which it is a party or defaults in the observance of any of its other 
obligations under or in respect of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party (including 
those set out in clauses 3.2 and 3.3 of the relevant Supplemental Lease Agreement but other 
than: (i) a default specified in (a), (b) (c) or (d) above; or (ii) its obligations as set out in (A) 
clause 4.1 of the Service Agency Agreement; and (B) clause 7 of the Service Agency Agreement 
(save for the delivery of the Tangibility Event Trustee Notice)) which breach or default is 
incapable of remedy or, if in the opinion of the Delegate capable of remedy, is not in the opinion 
of the Delegate remedied within 60 days after notice of such breach or default addressed to Dar 
Al-Arkan by the Trustee (or the Delegate acting on behalf of the Trustee) has been delivered to 
Dar Al-Arkan; or 
(f) 
Unsatisfied judgment: one or more judgment(s) or order(s) for the payment of an amount in 
excess of SAR 100 million (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies), whether 
individually or in aggregate is rendered against Dar Al-Arkan or any other Subsidiary and that 
judgment or order for payment continue(s) unsatisfied and unstayed for a period of 30 days after 
the date(s) thereof (or if appealed within such period, the appeal is unsuccessful and thereafter 
the judgment or order for payment continues unsatisfied and unstayed for a period of 30 days); 
or 
(g) 
Cross default: if any of the following events occur: (i) any Indebtedness of Dar Al-Arkan or any 
Subsidiary is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period; (ii) any 
Indebtedness of Dar Al-Arkan or any Subsidiary is declared to be or otherwise becomes due 
and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described); 
(iii) any commitment for any Indebtedness of Dar Al-Arkan or any Subsidiary is cancelled or 
suspended by a creditor of Dar Al-Arkan or any Subsidiary, as a result of an event of default 
(however described); or (iv) any holder of an Existing Sukuk Certificate becomes entitled to 
declare such Existing Sukuk Certificate due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result 
of an event of default (however described), provided in each case that no Dar Al-Arkan Event 
will occur under this paragraph (g) if the aggregate amount of Indebtedness or commitment for 
Indebtedness or Existing Sukuk Certificate is less than SAR 100 million (or equivalent in any 
other currency or currencies); or 
(h) 
Insolvency: (i) Dar Al-Arkan or any other Restricted Subsidiary that is a Significant Subsidiary 
or any group of Restricted Subsidiaries that, taken together, would constitute a Significant 
Subsidiary becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts as they fall due; (ii) an administrator 
or liquidator is appointed over the whole or at least 25 per cent. of the undertaking, assets and 
revenues of Dar Al-Arkan or any other Restricted Subsidiary that is a Significant Subsidiary or 
any group of Restricted Subsidiaries that, taken together, would constitute a Significant 
Subsidiary (or application for any such appointment is made) and such appointment is not 
discharged within 30 days; (iii) Dar Al-Arkan or any other Restricted Subsidiary that is a

--- Page 100 ---
88 
 
 
Significant Subsidiary or any group of Restricted Subsidiaries that, taken together, would 
constitute a Significant Subsidiary takes any action for a readjustment or deferment of any of 
its obligations or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the 
benefit of its creditors (including any arrangement under the Settlement to Avoid Bankruptcy 
Law) or declares a moratorium in respect of any of its Indebtedness given by it; or (iv) Dar Al-
Arkan or any other Restricted Subsidiary that is a Significant Subsidiary or any group of 
Restricted Subsidiaries that, taken together, would constitute a Significant Subsidiary ceases or 
threatens to cease to carry on all or at least 25 per cent. of its business (otherwise than for the 
purposes of, or pursuant to, an amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent 
approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Certificateholders); or 
(i) 
Winding up: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up, liquidation 
or dissolution of Dar Al-Arkan or any other Restricted Subsidiary that is a Significant 
Subsidiary or any group of Restricted Subsidiaries that, taken together, would constitute a 
Significant Subsidiary (otherwise than for the purposes of, or pursuant to, an amalgamation, 
reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Certificateholders); or 
(j) 
Analogous event: any event occurs under the laws, regulations or rules of the Kingdom of Saudi 
Arabia which has an analogous effect to any of the events referred to in paragraphs (h) or (i) 
above, or any event occurs which under the laws of the jurisdiction under which the relevant 
Restricted Subsidiary is incorporated or constituted has an analogous effect to any of the events 
referred to in paragraphs (h) or (i) above; or 
(k) 
Unlawfulness: at any time it is or becomes unlawful for Dar Al-Arkan or any Restricted 
Subsidiary to perform any or all of its obligations under or in respect of the Transaction 
Documents to which they are a party (if any) or for any other party to any Transaction Document 
to perform any or all of its obligations under that document; or 
(l) 
Repudiation: Dar Al-Arkan or any Restricted Subsidiary repudiates or challenges the legal, 
valid, binding and enforceable nature of any or any part of a Transaction Document to which 
they are a party (if any) or does or causes to be done any act or thing evidencing an intention to 
repudiate or challenge the legal, valid, binding and enforceable nature of any such Transaction 
Document; or 
(m) 
Enforcement proceedings: a distress, attachment, execution or other legal process is levied, 
enforced or sued out on or against any part of the property, assets or revenues of Dar Al-Arkan, 
or any Restricted Subsidiary which, if adversely determined, has or could have a Material 
Adverse Effect, and is not discharged or stayed within 90 days; or 
(n) 
Security enforced: any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance, present or future, 
created or assumed by Dar Al-Arkan or any Restricted Subsidiary is enforced (including the 
taking of possession or the appointment of a receiver, administrative receiver, administrator 
manager or other similar person) which has or could have a Material Adverse Effect; or 
(o) 
Government intervention: the government of any country or any governmental agency takes any 
step with a view to the seizure, expropriation, nationalisation or acquisition (whether 
compulsory or otherwise) of Dar Al-Arkan or any Restricted Subsidiary or any of their material 
assets. 
16. 
ENFORCEMENT AND EXERCISE OF RIGHTS 
16.1 
Enforcement 
Upon the occurrence of a Dissolution Event and the giving of notice of a Dissolution Request to the 
Trustee by the Delegate, to the extent that the amounts payable in respect of the Certificates have not 
been paid in full pursuant to Condition 15, subject to Condition 16.2 the Delegate shall (subject to being 
indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction), take one or more of the following steps: 
(a) 
enforce Dar Al-Arkan’s obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party; 
and/or

--- Page 101 ---
89 
 
 
(b) 
take such other steps as the Delegate may consider necessary to recover amounts due and/or 
deliverable to the Certificateholders. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing but subject to Condition 16.2, the Delegate may at any time, at its 
discretion and without notice, take such proceedings and/or other steps as it may think fit against or in 
relation to each of the Trustee and/or Dar Al-Arkan to enforce their respective obligations under the 
Transaction Documents to which they are a party, these Conditions and the Certificates. 
16.2 
Delegate not obliged to take Action 
Neither the Trustee nor the Delegate shall be bound to take any action in relation to the Trust Assets or 
any Dissolution Event or to take any action or any other steps under these Conditions or any Transaction 
Document unless: 
(a) 
the Delegate and/or the Trustee, as the case may be, is satisfied that it will be indemnified and/or 
secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction against all Liabilities which may be incurred in 
connection with such action or step and may demand prior to taking any such action that there 
be paid to it in advance such sums as it reasonably considers (without prejudice to any further 
demand) shall be sufficient to so indemnify it; and 
(b) 
in the case of the Delegate only, it has been directed or requested to do so by a 
Certificateholders’ Direction. 
16.3 
Direct Enforcement by Certificateholders 
No Certificateholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against, or to provide instructions to the Trustee 
to pursue any claim against, the Trustee and/or Dar Al-Arkan arising under the Trust Assets or the 
Certificates or to enforce the performance of any provisions of any of the Transaction Documents or for 
any other reason unless the Delegate having become bound so to proceed, (i) fails to do so within a 
reasonable period, or (ii) is unable by reason of an order of a court having competent jurisdiction to do 
so, and the failure or inability is continuing. Under no circumstances shall the Trustee, the Delegate or 
any Certificateholders have any right to cause the sale or other disposition of any of the Trust Assets 
except pursuant to the terms of the Transaction Documents or under these Conditions and the sole right 
of the Trustee, the Delegate and the Certificateholders against Dar Al-Arkan shall be to enforce their 
respective obligations under the Transaction Documents to which they are party. 
16.4 
Limited Recourse 
Conditions 16.1, 16.2 and 16.3 are subject to this Condition 16.4. After enforcing and/or realising the 
Trust Assets, (i) the net proceeds of the Trust Assets shall be distributed in accordance with Condition 
4.2, and the obligations of Dar Al-Arkan, the Agents, the Delegate and/or the Trustee in respect of the 
Certificates shall be satisfied, (ii) no Certificateholder may take any steps against Dar Al-Arkan, the 
Agents, the Delegate and/or the Trustee and/or any of their respective shareholders, members, officers, 
directors or agents to recover any sums in respect of the Certificates and (iii) the right to receive any such 
sums unpaid shall be extinguished. In particular, no Certificateholder shall be entitled in respect thereof 
to petition or to take any other steps for the winding-up of Dar Al-Arkan (to the extent that it fulfils all 
of its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party) or the Agents, the Delegate 
and/or the Trustee, nor shall any of them have any claim in respect of the trust assets of any other trust 
established by the Trustee. 
17. 
REPLACEMENT OF DEFINITIVE CERTIFICATES 
Should any definitive Certificate be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed it may be replaced at the 
specified office of the Registrar (and if the Certificates are then admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent or Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent or Transfer 
Agent having its specified office in the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection 
with the replacement and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Trustee, Dar Al-Arkan, the 
Registrar, the Paying Agent or the Transfer Agent may require. Mutilated or defaced Certificates must 
be surrendered before replacements will be issued.

--- Page 102 ---
90 
 
 
18. 
NOTICES 
All notices to Certificateholders will be valid if: 
(a) 
published in a daily newspaper having general circulation in the Republic of Ireland (which is 
expected to be the Irish Times) approved by the Delegate and published on the website of 
Euronext Dublin (www.live.euronext.com) or, if in either case such publication is not 
practicable, in a leading English language newspaper having general circulation in Europe 
approved by the Delegate; or 
(b) 
mailed to them by first class pre-paid registered mail (or its equivalent) or (if posted to an 
overseas address) by airmail at their respective registered addresses. 
The Trustee shall also ensure that notices are duly given or published in a manner which complies with 
the rules and regulations of any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by 
which the Certificates have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation including publication 
on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority if required by those rules. Any notice 
shall be deemed to have been given on the day after being so mailed or on the date of publication or, if 
so published more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication. 
Until such time as any definitive Certificates are issued, there may, so long as any Global Certificate 
representing the Certificates is held on behalf of one or more clearing systems, be substituted for such 
publication in such newspaper(s) or such websites or such mailing the delivery of the relevant notice to 
the relevant clearing systems for communication by them to the Certificateholders and, in addition, for 
so long as any Certificates are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant 
authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be 
published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper 
of general circulation in the place or places required by those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to 
have been given to the Certificateholders on the day on which the said notice was given to the relevant 
clearing systems. 
Notices to be given by any Certificateholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same with the 
Principal Paying Agent. Whilst any of the Certificates are represented by a Global Certificate held on 
behalf of one or more clearing systems, such notice may be given by any holder of a Certificate to the 
Principal Paying Agent through the clearing system in which its interest in the Certificates is held in such 
manner as the Principal Paying Agent and the relevant clearing system may approve for this purpose. 
19. 
MEETINGS OF CERTIFICATEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION, WAIVER, AUTHORISATION 
AND DETERMINATION 
19.1 
The Trustee, Dar Al-Arkan and/or the Delegate may convene meetings of Certificateholders at any time, 
and the Trustee shall be obliged to do so upon a requisition in writing of Certificateholders holding not 
less than one-tenth of the aggregate face amount of the Certificates for the time being outstanding to 
consider any matter affecting their interests, including the modification or abrogation by Extraordinary 
Resolution of these Conditions or the provisions of the Trust Deed or any other Transaction Documents. 
The quorum at any meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution will be one or more persons present 
holding or representing more than half of the aggregate face amount of the outstanding Certificates, or 
at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons present holding or representing not less than one-
quarter of the aggregate face amount of the outstanding Certificates, except that any meeting the business 
of which includes a Reserved Matter the quorum shall be one or more persons present holding or 
representing not less than three-quarters of the aggregate face amount of the outstanding Certificates, or 
at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons present holding or representing not less than one-
quarter of the aggregate face amount of the outstanding Certificates. The expression Extraordinary 
Resolution is defined in the Master Trust Deed to mean any of (i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly 
convened and held by a majority consisting of not less than three-quarters of the votes cast, (ii) a 
resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-quarters in aggregate 
face amount of the outstanding Certificates or (iii) consent given by way of electronic consents through 
the relevant Clearing System(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Delegate) by or on behalf of not less than 
three-quarters in face amount of the outstanding Certificates for the time being outstanding. An 
Extraordinary Resolution duly passed as described above will be binding on all holders of the

--- Page 103 ---
91 
 
 
Certificates, irrespective of if, or how, they voted on such Extraordinary Resolution and whether (if 
applicable) they attended the meeting. 
19.2 
The Delegate may agree, without the consent or sanction of the Certificateholders, to any modification 
(other than in the case of a Reserved Matter or any provision of the Trust Deed or these Conditions 
referred to in the definition of a Reserved Matter) of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or 
proposed breach of, any of these Conditions or any of the provisions of the Master Trust Deed or of any 
other Transaction Document, or determine, without any such consent as aforesaid, that any Dissolution 
Event or Potential Dissolution Event shall not be treated as such (provided that the Delegate will not do 
so in contravention of an express direction given by an Extraordinary Resolution or a request made 
pursuant to Condition 15), which in any such case is not, in the opinion of the Delegate, materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Certificateholders or may agree, without any consent or sanction of the 
Certificateholders, to any modification which, in the opinion of the Delegate, is of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or made to correct a manifest error. 
19.3 
In connection with the exercise by it of any of its trusts, powers, authorities and discretions (including, 
without limitation, any modification, waiver, authorisation or determination), the Delegate shall have 
regard to the general interests of the Certificateholders as a class (but shall not have regard to any interests 
arising from circumstances particular to individual Certificateholders (whatever their number) and, in 
particular but without limitation, shall not have regard to the consequences of any such exercise for 
individual Certificateholders (whatever their number) resulting from their being for any purpose 
domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular 
territory or any political sub-division thereof) and each of the Trustee and the Delegate shall not be 
entitled to require, nor shall any Certificateholder be entitled to claim from the Delegate or any other 
person, any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise upon 
individual Certificateholders to the extent already provided for in Condition 12 and or any undertaking 
given in addition thereto or in substitution therefor under the Trust Deed by the Trustee or Dar Al-Arkan. 
19.4 
Any modification, abrogation, waiver, authorisation or determination shall be binding on all the 
Certificateholders and shall, unless the Delegate otherwise decides, be notified to the Certificateholders 
as soon as practicable thereafter in accordance with Condition 18. 
20. 
INDEMNIFICATION AND LIABILITY OF THE DELEGATE AND THE TRUSTEE 
20.1 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of each of the Delegate and the Trustee in 
certain circumstances and for its relief from responsibility, including provisions relieving it from taking 
action unless indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction as well as provisions 
entitling the Delegate to be paid its costs and expenses in priority to the claims of the Certificateholders. 
20.2 
Neither the Delegate nor the Trustee makes any representation or assumes any responsibility for the 
validity or enforceability of the obligations of Dar Al-Arkan under the Transaction Documents and shall 
not under any circumstances have any liability or be obliged to account to the Certificateholders in 
respect of any payments which should have been made by Dar Al-Arkan but are not so made and shall 
not in any circumstances have any liability arising from or in relation to the Trust Assets other than as 
expressly provided in these Conditions or in the Trust Deed. 
20.3 
Each of the Trustee and the Delegate is exempted from (i) any liability in respect of any loss or theft of 
the Trust Assets or any cash, (ii) any obligation to insure the Trust Assets or any cash and (iii) any claim 
arising from the fact that the Trust Assets or any cash are held by or on behalf of the Trustee or on deposit 
or in an account with any depositary or Clearing System or are registered in the name of the Trustee or 
its nominee, unless such loss or theft arises as a result of wilful default by the Trustee or the Delegate, as 
the case may be. 
20.4 
The Trust Deed also contains provisions pursuant to which the Delegate is entitled, inter alia, (a) to enter 
into business transactions with Dar Al-Arkan and/or any of its Subsidiaries and to act as trustee for the 
holders of any other securities issued or guaranteed by, or relating to, Dar Al-Arkan and/or any of its 
Subsidiaries, (b) to exercise and enforce its rights, comply with its obligations and perform its duties 
under or in relation to any such transactions or, as the case may be, any such trusteeship without regard

--- Page 104 ---
92 
 
 
to the interests of, or consequences for, the Certificateholders and (c) to retain and not be liable to account 
for any profit made or any other amount or benefit received thereby or in connection therewith. 
21. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce 
any term of these Conditions, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or 
is available apart from that Act. 
22. 
GOVERNING LAW AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
22.1 
The Trust Deed, the Certificates and these Conditions (including the remaining provisions of this 
Condition 22) and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, 
the Certificates and these Conditions are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English 
law. 
22.2 
Any dispute, claim, difference or controversy arising out of, relating to or having any connection with 
the Trust Deed, the Certificates and these Conditions (including any dispute, claim, difference or 
controversy regarding as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination 
or the consequences of their nullity or any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection with them) (a Dispute) shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration under 
the LCIA Arbitration Rules (the Rules), which Rules (as amended from time to time) are incorporated 
by reference into this Condition 22.  For these purposes: 
(a) 
the seat or legal place of arbitration will be London, England;  
(b) 
the language of the arbitration shall be English; and 
(c) 
there shall be three arbitrators, each of whom shall be disinterested in the arbitration and shall 
have no connection with any party thereto and shall be an attorney experienced in international 
securities transactions. The parties to the Dispute shall each nominate one arbitrator and both 
arbitrators in turn shall appoint a further arbitrator who shall be the chairman of the tribunal. In 
cases where there are multiple claimants and/or multiple respondents, the class of claimants 
jointly, and the class of respondents jointly, shall each nominate one arbitrator. If one party or 
both fails to nominate an arbitrator within the time limits specified by the Rules, such 
arbitrator(s) shall be appointed by the LCIA. If the party nominated arbitrators fail to nominate 
the third arbitrator within 15 days of the appointment of the second arbitrator, such arbitrator 
shall be appointed by the LCIA. 
22.3 
Each of the Trustee and Dar Al-Arkan has in the Trust Deed appointed Law Debenture Corporate 
Services Limited at its registered office at 8th Floor, 100 Bishopsgate, London EC2N 4AG as its agent 
for service of process in England and has undertaken that, in the event of Law Debenture Corporate 
Services Limited ceasing so to act or be able to act or ceasing to be registered in England, it will 
immediately appoint another person approved by the Delegate as its agent for service of process in 
England on terms acceptable to the Delegate, failing which the Delegate may appoint another process 
agent for this purpose. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any matter permitted 
by law. The Trustee and Dar Al-Arkan have agreed that failure by a process agent to notify it of any 
process will not invalidate service. 
23. 
DEFINITIONS 
In these Conditions: 
2023 Sukuk Certificates means any of the U.S.$500 million Certificates due 2023 issued by the Trustee 
in March 2018. 
2025 Sukuk Certificates means any of the U.S.$600 million Certificates due 2025 issued by the Trustee 
in October 2019. 
2027 Sukuk Certificates means any of the U.S.$400,000,000 Certificates due 2027 issued by the Trustee 
in February 2020.

--- Page 105 ---
93 
 
 
Acquired Indebtedness has the meaning given to it in Condition 6.1(b)(iv). 
Additional Assets means: 
(a) 
any real property whether undeveloped, in development or developed, plant or equipment used 
in a Related Business together with any improvements thereon; 
(b) 
the Capital Stock of a person that becomes a Restricted Subsidiary as a result of the acquisition 
of such Capital Stock by Dar Al-Arkan or another Restricted Subsidiary; or 
(c) 
Capital Stock constituting a minority interest in any person that at such time is a Restricted 
Subsidiary, 
provided, however, that any such Restricted Subsidiary described in paragraphs (b) or (c) above is 
primarily engaged in a Related Business. 
Adjustment Spread has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.4. 
Affiliate of any specified person means any other person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled 
by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified person.  For the purposes of this 
definition, control when used with respect to any person means the power to direct the management and 
policies of such person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by 
contract or otherwise; and the terms controlling and controlled have meanings correlative to the 
foregoing.  For purposes of Conditions 6.2, 6.4 and 6.5 only, Affiliate shall also mean any beneficial 
owner of Capital Stock representing five per cent. or more of the total voting power of the Voting Stock 
(on a fully diluted basis) of Dar Al-Arkan or of rights or warrants to purchase such Capital Stock (whether 
or not currently exercisable) and any person who would be an Affiliate of any such beneficial owner 
pursuant to the first sentence hereof. 
Alternative Reference Rate has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.4. 
Appointee has the meaning given to it in the Master Trust Deed. 
Asset Disposition means any sale, lease, transfer or other disposition (or series of related sales, leases, 
transfers or dispositions) by Dar Al-Arkan or any Restricted Subsidiary, including any disposition by 
means of a merger, consolidation or similar transaction (each referred to for the purposes of this definition 
as a disposition), of: 
(a) 
any shares of Capital Stock of a Restricted Subsidiary (other than directors’ qualifying shares 
or shares required by applicable law to be held by a person other than Dar Al-Arkan or a 
Restricted Subsidiary); 
(b) 
all or substantially all the property or assets of any division or line of business of Dar Al-Arkan 
or any Restricted Subsidiary; or 
(c) 
any other assets of Dar Al-Arkan or any Restricted Subsidiary outside of the ordinary course of 
business of Dar Al-Arkan or such Restricted Subsidiary. 
Notwithstanding (a), (b) and (c) above, the following shall not be Asset Dispositions: 
(i) 
sales, transfers or other dispositions of inventory, receivables and other current assets and 
investment properties and development properties reflected on Dar Al-Arkan’s consolidated 
statement of financial position, in each case in the ordinary course of business; 
(ii) 
a disposition by a Restricted Subsidiary to Dar Al-Arkan or by Dar Al-Arkan or a Restricted 
Subsidiary to a Restricted Subsidiary; 
(iii) 
for purposes of Condition 6.4 only, a disposition that constitutes a Restricted Payment (or would 
constitute a Restricted Payment but for the exclusions from the definition thereof) and that is 
not prohibited by Condition 6.2;

--- Page 106 ---
94 
 
 
(iv) 
a disposition of assets with a Fair Market Value of less than SAR 5.0 million in any transaction 
or series of related transactions; 
(v) 
a disposition of cash or Temporary Cash Investments; 
(vi) 
the creation of a Lien (but not the sale or other disposition of the property subject to such Lien); 
(vii) 
an issuance of Capital Stock by a Restricted Subsidiary to Dar Al-Arkan or to another Restricted 
Subsidiary; 
(viii) 
transactions permitted under Condition 6.9; 
(ix) 
dispositions in connection with the compromise, settlement or collection thereof in the ordinary 
course of business or in bankruptcy or similar proceedings and exclusive of factoring or similar 
arrangements; and 
(x) 
the grant of licenses to intellectual property rights to third parties on an arm's length basis in the 
ordinary course of business. 
Attributable Debt in respect of a Sale/Leaseback Transaction means, as at the time of determination, 
the present value (implicit in the lease determined in accordance with IFRS or the periodic distribution 
rate borne by the Certificates, compounded annually) of the total obligations of the lessee for rental 
payments during the remaining term of the lease included in such Sale/Leaseback Transaction (including 
any period for which such lease has been extended); provided, however, that if such Sale/Leaseback 
Transaction results in a Capital Lease Obligation, the amount of Indebtedness represented thereby will 
be determined in accordance with the definition of “Capital Lease Obligation”. 
Average Life means, as of the date of determination, with respect to any Indebtedness, the quotient 
obtained by dividing: 
(a) 
the sum of the product of the numbers of years from the date of determination to the dates of 
each successive scheduled principal payment of or redemption or similar payment with respect 
to such Indebtedness multiplied by the amount of such payment by; 
(b) 
the sum of all such payments. 
Base Prospectus means the base prospectus relating to the Programme most recently published prior to 
the Issue Date, including any supplement thereto.  
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.4. 
Benchmark Event has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.4. 
Board of Directors means the Board of Directors of Dar Al-Arkan or any committee thereof duly 
authorised to act on behalf of such Board. 
Business Day has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.2 and, for the purposes of the definitions of 
“Indebtedness”, “SAR Equivalent” and “Dar Al-Arkan Event” and Condition 6.1 only, means each day 
which is not a Legal Holiday. 
Capital Lease Obligation means an obligation that is required to be classified and accounted for as a 
capital lease for financial reporting purposes in accordance with IFRS, and the amount of Indebtedness 
represented by such obligation shall be the capitalised amount of such obligation determined in 
accordance with IFRS; and the Stated Maturity thereof shall be the date of the last payment of rent or 
any other amount due under such lease prior to the first date upon which such lease may be terminated 
by the lessee without payment of a penalty.  For the purposes of Condition 6.7, a Capital Lease Obligation 
will be deemed to be secured by a Lien on the property being leased.

--- Page 107 ---
95 
 
 
Capital Stock of any person means any and all shares, interests (including partnership interests), rights 
to purchase, warrants, options, participations or other equivalents of or interests in (however designated) 
equity of such person, but excluding any debt securities convertible into such equity. 
Certificateholder has the meaning given to it in Condition 1.1. 
Certificateholders’ Direction means an effective direction by the Certificateholders to the Delegate or 
the Trustee (as applicable) in the form of either:  
(a) 
an Extraordinary Resolution of Certificateholders; or 
(b) 
for the purposes of a Certificateholders’ Direction to be given to dissolve the Trust pursuant to 
Condition 15.1 or Clause 16.1 of the Master Trust Deed or in respect of any enforcement action 
to be taken by the Delegate, including without limitation, any action to be taken pursuant to 
Clause 16 of the Master Trust Deed and Condition 16, a written direction by Certificateholders 
holding at least 25 per cent. in aggregate face amount of the Certificates then outstanding, 
in each case, such direction only to be effective if the Delegate or the Trustee (as the case may be) shall 
be indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction against all Liabilities to which it may 
render itself liable or which it may incur, in either case, in relation to such direction. 
Consolidated Coverage Ratio as of any date of determination means the ratio of (x) the aggregate 
amount of EBITDA for the period of the most recent four consecutive fiscal quarters ending at least 60 
days prior to the date of such determination to (y) Consolidated Finance Cost for such four fiscal quarters; 
provided, however, that: 
(a) 
if Dar Al-Arkan or any Restricted Subsidiary has Incurred any Indebtedness since the beginning 
of such period that remains outstanding or if the transaction giving rise to the need to calculate 
the Consolidated Coverage Ratio is an Incurrence of Indebtedness, or both, EBITDA and 
Consolidated Finance Cost for such period shall be calculated after giving effect on a pro forma 
basis to such Indebtedness as if such Indebtedness had been Incurred on the first day of such 
period; 
(b) 
if Dar Al-Arkan or any Restricted Subsidiary has repaid, repurchased, defeased or otherwise 
discharged any Indebtedness since the beginning of such period or if any Indebtedness is to be 
repaid, repurchased, defeased or otherwise discharged (in each case other than Indebtedness 
Incurred under any revolving credit facility unless such Indebtedness has been permanently 
repaid and has not been replaced) on the date of the transaction giving rise to the need to 
calculate the Consolidated Coverage Ratio, EBITDA and Consolidated Finance Cost for such 
period shall be calculated on a pro forma basis as if such discharge had occurred on the first day 
of such period and as if Dar Al-Arkan or such Restricted Subsidiary had not earned the interest 
or profit income actually earned during such period in respect of cash or Temporary Cash 
Investments used to repay, repurchase, defease or otherwise discharge such Indebtedness; 
(c) 
if since the beginning of such period Dar Al-Arkan or any Restricted Subsidiary shall have made 
any Asset Disposition, EBITDA for such period shall be reduced by an amount equal to 
EBITDA (if positive) directly attributable to the assets which are the subject of such Asset 
Disposition for such period, or increased by an amount equal to EBITDA (if negative), directly 
attributable thereto for such period and Consolidated Finance Cost for such period shall be 
reduced by an amount equal to the Consolidated Finance Cost directly attributable to any 
Indebtedness of Dar Al-Arkan or any Restricted Subsidiary repaid, repurchased, defeased or 
otherwise discharged with respect to Dar Al-Arkan and its continuing Restricted Subsidiaries 
in connection with such Asset Disposition for such period (or, if the Capital Stock of any 
Restricted Subsidiary is sold, the Consolidated Finance Cost for such period directly attributable 
to the Indebtedness of such Restricted Subsidiary to the extent Dar Al-Arkan and its continuing 
Restricted Subsidiaries are no longer liable for such Indebtedness after such sale); 
(d) 
if since the beginning of such period Dar Al-Arkan or any Restricted Subsidiary (by merger or 
otherwise) shall have made an Investment in any Restricted Subsidiary (or any person which 
becomes a Restricted Subsidiary) or an acquisition of assets, including any acquisition of assets 
occurring in connection with a transaction requiring a calculation to be made hereunder, which 
constitutes all or substantially all of an operating unit of a business, EBITDA and Consolidated

--- Page 108 ---
96 
 
 
Finance Cost for such period shall be calculated after giving pro forma effect thereto (including 
the Incurrence of any Indebtedness) as if such Investment or acquisition had occurred on the 
first day of such period; and 
(e) 
if since the beginning of such period any person (that subsequently became a Restricted 
Subsidiary or was merged with or into Dar Al-Arkan or any Restricted Subsidiary since the 
beginning of such period) shall have made any Asset Disposition, any Investment or acquisition 
of assets that would have required an adjustment pursuant to paragraphs (c) or (d) above if made 
by Dar Al-Arkan or a Restricted Subsidiary during such period, EBITDA and Consolidated 
Finance Cost for such period shall be calculated after giving pro forma effect thereto as if such 
Asset Disposition, Investment or acquisition had occurred on the first day of such period. 
For purposes of this definition, whenever pro forma effect is to be given to an acquisition of assets, the 
amount of income or earnings relating thereto and the amount of Consolidated Finance Cost associated 
with any Indebtedness Incurred in connection therewith, the pro forma calculations shall be determined 
in good faith by a responsible financial or accounting Officer of Dar Al-Arkan.  If any Indebtedness bears 
a floating rate of interest or profit and is being given pro forma effect, the interest or profit on such 
Indebtedness shall be calculated as if the rate in effect on the date of determination had been the 
applicable rate for the entire period (taking into account any Interest Rate Agreement applicable to such 
Indebtedness if such Interest Rate Agreement has a remaining term in excess of 12 months).  If any 
Indebtedness is incurred under a revolving credit facility and is being given pro forma effect, the interest 
on such Indebtedness shall be calculated based on the average daily balance of such Indebtedness for the 
four fiscal quarters subject to the pro forma calculation to the extent that such Indebtedness was incurred 
solely for working capital purposes. 
Consolidated Finance Cost means, for any period, the total interest expense or finance cost of Dar Al-
Arkan and its consolidated Restricted Subsidiaries, plus, to the extent not included in such total interest 
expense or finance cost, and to the extent incurred by Dar Al-Arkan or its Restricted Subsidiaries, without 
duplication: 
(a) 
interest expense or other finance costs attributable to Capital Lease Obligations; 
(b) 
amortisation of debt discount and debt issuance cost; 
(c) 
capitalised interest or other finance costs; 
(d) 
non-cash interest expense or finance costs; 
(e) 
commissions, discounts and other fees and charges owed with respect to letters of credit and 
bankers' acceptance financing; 
(f) 
net payments pursuant to Hedging Obligations; 
(g) 
dividends accrued in respect of all Disqualified Stock of Dar Al-Arkan held by persons other 
than Dar Al-Arkan or a Wholly Owned Subsidiary (other than dividends payable solely in 
Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Stock) of Dar Al-Arkan); 
(h) 
interest or finance cost incurred in connection with Investments in discontinued operations; 
(i) 
interest or finance cost accruing on any Indebtedness of any other person to the extent such 
Indebtedness is guaranteed by (or secured by the assets of) Dar Al-Arkan or any Restricted 
Subsidiary; and 
(j) 
the cash contributions to any employee stock ownership plan or similar trust to the extent such 
contributions are used by such plan or trust to pay interest, finance cost or fees to any person 
(other than Dar Al-Arkan) in connection with Indebtedness Incurred by such plan or trust. 
Consolidated Net Income means, for any period, the net income of Dar Al-Arkan and its consolidated 
Subsidiaries; provided, however, that there shall not be included in such Consolidated Net Income: 
(a) 
any net income (but not the loss) of any person (other than Dar Al-Arkan) if such person is not 
a Restricted Subsidiary, except that subject to the exclusion contained in paragraph (d) below,

--- Page 109 ---
97 
 
 
Dar Al-Arkan's equity of any such person for such period shall be included in such Consolidated 
Net Income up to the aggregate amount of cash actually distributed by such person during such 
period to Dar Al-Arkan or a Restricted Subsidiary as a dividend or other distribution (subject, 
in the case of a dividend or other distribution paid to a Restricted Subsidiary, to the limitations 
contained in paragraph (c) below); 
(b) 
any net income (or loss) of any person acquired by Dar Al-Arkan or a Subsidiary in a pooling 
of interests transaction (or any transaction accounted for in a manner similar to a pooling of 
interests) for any period prior to the date of such acquisition; 
(c) 
solely for the purpose of determining the amount available for Restricted Payments under 
Conditions 6.2(a)(iii) and 6.2(b)(xii), any net income (but not the loss) of any Restricted 
Subsidiary if such Restricted Subsidiary is subject to restrictions, directly or indirectly, on the 
payment of dividends or the making of distributions by such Restricted Subsidiary, directly or 
indirectly (other than any restriction permitted under Conditions 6.3(a)(i), 6.3(a)(ii), 6.3(a)(iii), 
6.3(a)(v) and 6.3(a)(viii) (to the extent Condition 6.3(a)(viii) refers to Conditions 6.3(a)(i), 
6.3(a)(ii), 6.3(a)(iii) or 6.3(a)(v)), to Dar Al-Arkan, except that subject to the exclusion 
contained in paragraph 4 below, Dar Al-Arkan's equity of any such Restricted Subsidiary for 
such period shall be included in such Consolidated Net Income up to the aggregate amount of 
cash actually distributed by such Restricted Subsidiary during such period to Dar Al-Arkan or 
another Restricted Subsidiary as a dividend or other distribution (subject, in the case of a 
dividend or other distribution paid to another Restricted Subsidiary, to the limitation contained 
in this paragraph (c)); 
(d) 
any gain (or loss) realised upon the sale or other disposition of any assets of Dar Al-Arkan, its 
consolidated Subsidiaries or any other person (including pursuant to any sale-and-leaseback 
arrangement) which are not sold or otherwise disposed of in the ordinary course of business and 
any gain (or loss) realised upon the sale or other disposition of any Capital Stock of any person; 
(e) 
extraordinary gains or losses; and 
(f) 
the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principles, 
in each case, for such period.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the purposes of Condition 6.2 only, 
there shall be excluded from Consolidated Net Income any repurchases, repayments or redemptions of 
Investments, proceeds realised on the sale of Investments or return of capital to Dar Al-Arkan or a 
Restricted Subsidiary to the extent such repurchases, repayments, redemptions, proceeds or returns 
increase the amount of Restricted Payments permitted under Condition 6.2(a)(iii)(D). 
Clearstream, Luxembourg has the meaning given to it in Condition 1.1. 
Corporate Services Agreement means the amended and restated corporate services agreement dated 2 
June 2022 and entered into by the Trustee and the Trustee Administrator. 
Credit Facility means any credit agreement or any agreement or arrangement (including any capital 
markets issuance-related) having the commercial effect of either a borrowing, or a drawing under a credit 
agreement, to be entered into by Dar Al-Arkan or its Restricted Subsidiaries, together with all related 
documents thereto (including any Transaction Documents which are not entered into for speculation, any 
capital markets issuance-related documentation, the term loans and revolving loans under a credit 
agreement, any guarantees and security documents), as amended, extended, renewed, restated, 
supplemented or otherwise modified (in whole or in part, and without limitation as to amount, terms, 
conditions, covenants and other provisions) from time to time, whether entered into in accordance with 
the principles of Shari’a or otherwise, including, without limitation, the Existing Credit Facilities, and 
any agreement (and related document) governing Indebtedness incurred to Refinance, in whole or in part, 
the borrowings, payment obligations and commitments then outstanding or permitted to be outstanding 
under such Credit Facility or a successor Credit Facility, whether by the same or any other lender, holder 
of securities or counterparty or group of lenders, holders of securities or counterparties, whether in 
accordance with the principles of Shari’a or otherwise. 
Currency Agreement means any foreign exchange contract, currency swap agreement, cross currency 
profit rate swap agreement or other similar agreement with respect to currency values whether entered 
into in accordance with the principles of Shari’a or otherwise.

--- Page 110 ---
98 
 
 
Current Assets means the aggregate amount of Dar Al-Arkan and its consolidated Subsidiaries' cash 
and cash equivalents, net accounts receivable, projects under construction, developed lands, prepaid 
expenses and short term investments. 
Current Liabilities means the aggregate amount of Dar Al-Arkan and its consolidated Subsidiaries' 
obligations (other than contingent obligations) for the payment or repayment of money on demand or 
within a year from the date of computation, whether actual or contingent. 
Current Ratio means Current Assets divided by Current Liabilities. 
Dar Al-Arkan Event has the meaning given to it in Condition 15.2. 
Day Count Fraction has the meaning given to it in Condition 7.3 or Condition 8.4, as the context so 
requires. 
Default means a Dar Al-Arkan Event or any event which is, or after notice or passage of time or both 
would be, a Dar Al-Arkan Event. 
Determination Period has the meaning given to it in Condition 7.3.  
Dispute has the meaning given to it in Condition 22. 
Disqualified Stock means, with respect to any person, any Capital Stock which by its terms (or by the 
terms of any security into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable at the option of the 
holder) or upon the happening of any event: 
(a) 
matures or is mandatorily redeemable (other than redeemable only for Capital Stock of such 
person which is not itself Disqualified Stock) pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise; 
(b) 
is convertible or exchangeable at the option of the holder for Indebtedness or Disqualified Stock; 
or 
(c) 
is mandatorily redeemable or must be purchased upon the occurrence of certain events or 
otherwise, in whole or in part, 
in each case on or prior to the first anniversary of the Stated Maturity of the Certificates; provided, 
however, that any Capital Stock that would not constitute Disqualified Stock but for provisions thereof 
giving holders thereof the right to require such person to purchase or redeem such Capital Stock upon 
the occurrence of an Asset Disposition or a Change of Control or the exercise of a put option prior to the 
first anniversary of the Stated Maturity of the Certificates shall not constitute Disqualified Stock if: 
(i) 
the relevant Asset Disposition, Change of Control or put option provisions applicable to such 
Capital Stock are not more favourable to the holders of such Capital Stock than the terms 
applicable to the Certificates and contained in Condition 6.4; and 
(ii) 
any such requirement only becomes operative after compliance with such terms applicable to 
the Certificates. 
The amount of any Disqualified Stock that does not have a fixed redemption, repayment or repurchase 
price will be calculated in accordance with the terms of such Disqualified Stock as if such Disqualified 
Stock were redeemed, repaid or repurchased on any date on which the amount of such Disqualified Stock 
is to be determined; provided, however, that if such Disqualified Stock could not be required to be 
redeemed, repaid or repurchased at the time of such determination, the redemption, repayment or 
repurchase price will be the book value of such Disqualified Stock as reflected in the most recent financial 
statements of such person. 
Dissolution Amount has the meaning given to it in Condition 9.1. 
Dissolution Date has the meaning given to it in Condition 11.11. 
Dissolution Event means any of the events specified as such in Condition 15.1.

--- Page 111 ---
99 
 
 
Dissolution Event Redemption Date has the meaning given to it in Condition 15.1. 
Dissolution Request has the meaning given to it in Condition 15.1. 
Early Tax Dissolution Date has the meaning given to it in Condition 11.2. 
EBITDA for any period means the sum of Consolidated Net Income, plus the following to the extent 
deducted in calculating such Consolidated Net Income: 
(a) 
all imputed tax expense relating to income or profits (excluding implied property tax, social tax 
and value-added tax) of Dar Al-Arkan and its consolidated Restricted Subsidiaries; 
(b) 
Consolidated Finance Cost; 
(c) 
depreciation and amortisation expense of Dar Al-Arkan and its consolidated Restricted 
Subsidiaries (excluding amortisation expense attributable to a prepaid item that was paid in cash 
in a prior period); and 
(d) 
all other non-cash charges of Dar Al-Arkan and its consolidated Restricted Subsidiaries 
(excluding any such non-cash charge to the extent that it represents an accrual of or reserve for 
cash expenditures in any future period) less all non-cash items of income of Dar Al-Arkan and 
its consolidated Restricted Subsidiaries (other than accruals of revenue by Dar Al-Arkan and its 
consolidated Restricted Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business), 
in each case for such period.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provision for taxes based on the income 
or profits of, and the depreciation and amortisation and non-cash charges of, a Restricted Subsidiary shall 
be added to Consolidated Net Income to compute EBITDA only to the extent (and in the same proportion, 
including by reason of minority interests) that the net income or loss of such Restricted Subsidiary was 
included in calculating Consolidated Net Income and only if a corresponding amount would be permitted 
at the date of determination to be dividended to Dar Al-Arkan by such Restricted Subsidiary without 
prior approval (that has not been obtained), pursuant to the terms of its charter and all agreements, 
instruments, judgments, decrees, orders, statutes, rules and governmental regulations applicable to such 
Restricted Subsidiary or its stockholders. 
Euroclear has the meaning given to it in Condition 1.1. 
Exchange Act means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
Exercise Notice has the meaning given to it in the Purchase Undertaking or the Sale and Substitution 
Undertaking, as the context so requires; 
Existing Credit Facilities has the meaning given to it in the Trust Deed. 
Existing Sukuk Certificate has the meaning given to it in the Trust Deed. 
Extraordinary Resolution has the meaning given to it in Condition 19.1. 
Fair Market Value means, with respect to any asset or property, the price which could be negotiated in 
an arm's length, free market transaction, for cash, between a willing seller and a willing and able buyer, 
neither of whom is under undue pressure or compulsion to complete the transaction.  Fair Market Value 
will be determined in good faith by the Board of Directors, whose determination will be conclusive and 
evidenced by a resolution of such Board of Directors.  For purposes of determining the Fair Market Value 
of Capital Stock, the value of the Capital Stock of a person shall be based upon such person’s property 
and assets, exclusive of goodwill or any similar intangible asset. 
Financial Stability Board has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.4. 
Financial Statements means Dar Al-Arkan’s audited financial statements for the three most recent 
financial years preceding the Issue Date. 
Hedging Obligations of any person means the obligations of such person pursuant to any Interest Rate 
Agreement or Currency Agreement.

--- Page 112 ---
100 
 
 
holder has the meaning given to it in Condition 1.1. 
IFRS means International Financial Reporting Standards as in effect from time to time. 
Incur means issue, assume, guarantee, incur or otherwise become liable for; provided, however, that any 
Indebtedness of a person existing at the time such person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary (whether by 
merger, consolidation, acquisition or otherwise) shall be deemed to be Incurred by such person at the 
time it becomes a Restricted Subsidiary. The term Incurrence when used as a noun shall have a 
correlative meaning. Solely for purposes of determining compliance with Condition 6.1: 
(a) 
amortisation of debt discount or the accretion of principal with respect to a non-interest bearing 
or other discount security; 
(b) 
the payment of regularly scheduled interest in the form of additional Indebtedness of the same 
instrument or the payment of regularly scheduled dividends on Capital Stock in the form of 
additional Capital Stock of the same class and with the same terms; and 
(c) 
the obligation to pay a premium in respect of Indebtedness arising in connection with the 
issuance of a notice of redemption or the making of a mandatory offer to purchase such 
Indebtedness, 
will not be deemed to be the Incurrence of Indebtedness. 
Indebtedness means, with respect to any person on any date of determination (without duplication): 
(a) 
the principal in respect of (A) indebtedness of such person for money borrowed and (B) 
indebtedness evidenced by notes, debentures, bonds, trust certificates or other similar 
instruments for the payment of which such person is responsible or liable, including, in each 
case, any premium or profit on such indebtedness to the extent such premium or profit has 
become due and payable; 
(b) 
all Capital Lease Obligations of such person and all Attributable Debt in respect of 
Sale/Leaseback Transactions entered into by such person; 
(c) 
all obligations of such person issued or assumed as the deferred purchase price of property, 
assets or services, all conditional sale obligations of such person and all obligations of such 
person under any title retention agreement (but excluding any accounts payable or other liability 
to trade creditors arising in the ordinary course of business); 
(d) 
the amount of all payment obligations under any other transaction (including any Shari’a 
compliant financing, purchase agreement, forward sale or forward purchase agreement, lease 
agreement, sale and sale back or sale and leaseback agreement) having the commercial effect 
of either a borrowing or a drawing under a credit facility; 
(e) 
all obligations of such person for the reimbursement of any obligor on any letter of credit, 
bankers' acceptance or similar credit transaction (other than obligations with respect to letters 
of credit securing obligations (other than obligations described in paragraphs (a) to (c) 
(inclusive) above) entered into in the ordinary course of business of such person to the extent 
such letters of credit are not drawn upon or, if and to the extent drawn upon, such drawing is 
reimbursed no later than the tenth Business Day following payment on the letter of credit); 
(f) 
the amount of all obligations of such person with respect to the redemption, repayment or other 
repurchase of any Disqualified Stock of such person; 
(g) 
all obligations of the type referred to in paragraphs (a) to (f) (inclusive) above of other persons 
and all dividends of other persons for the payment of which, in either case, such person is 
responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, as obligor, guarantor or otherwise, including by 
means of any Indebtedness Guarantee as defined; 
(h) 
all obligations of the type referred to in paragraphs (a) to (g) (inclusive) above of other persons 
secured by any Lien on any property or asset of such person (whether or not such obligation is 
assumed by such person), the amount of such obligation being deemed to be the lesser of the

--- Page 113 ---
101 
 
 
Fair Market Value of such property, assets or revenue and the amount of the obligation so 
secured; and 
(i) 
to the extent not otherwise included in this definition, Hedging Obligations of such person. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, any indebtedness in respect of deposits made 
by potential or actual purchasers of real estate of Dar Al-Arkan in the ordinary course of its day to day 
real estate and development activities shall not constitute Indebtedness and in connection with the 
purchase by Dar Al-Arkan or any Restricted Subsidiary of any business, the term Indebtedness will 
exclude post-closing payment adjustments to which the seller may become entitled to the extent such 
payment is determined by a final closing balance sheet or such payment depends on the performance of 
such business after the closing; provided, however, that, at the time of closing, the amount of any such 
payment is not determinable and, to the extent such payment thereafter becomes fixed and determined, 
the amount is paid within 30 days thereafter. 
The amount of Indebtedness of any person at any date shall be the outstanding balance at such date of all 
unconditional obligations as described above; provided, however, that in the case of Indebtedness sold 
at a discount, the amount of such Indebtedness at any time will be the accreted value thereof at such time. 
Indebtedness Guarantee means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any person, any obligation of another 
person to pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation): 
(a) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness; 
(b) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or to purchase 
assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such Indebtedness; 
(c) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such Indebtedness; and 
(d) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness. 
Independent Adviser has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.4. 
Independent Qualified Party means an investment banking firm, accounting firm or appraisal firm of 
international standing; provided, however, that such firm is not an Affiliate of Dar Al-Arkan. 
Interest Rate Agreement means any interest rate or profit rate swap agreement, interest rate or profit 
rate cap agreement or other financial agreement or arrangement with respect to exposure to interest rates 
or profit rates whether entered into in accordance with the principles of Shari'a or otherwise. 
Investment in any person means any direct or indirect advance, loan (other than advances to suppliers 
in the ordinary course of business that are recorded as accounts receivable on the balance sheet of the 
lender) or other extensions of credit (including by way of guarantee or similar arrangement) or capital 
contribution to (by means of any transfer of cash or other property to others or any payment for property 
or services for the account or use of others), or any purchase or acquisition of Capital Stock, Indebtedness 
or other similar instruments issued by such person.  If Dar Al-Arkan or any Restricted Subsidiary issues, 
sells or otherwise disposes of any Capital Stock of a person that is a Restricted Subsidiary such that, after 
giving effect thereto, such person is no longer a Restricted Subsidiary, any Investment by Dar Al-Arkan 
or any Restricted Subsidiary in such person remaining after giving effect thereto will be deemed to be a 
new Investment at such time.  The acquisition by Dar Al-Arkan or any Restricted Subsidiary of a person 
that holds an Investment in a third person will be deemed to be an Investment by Dar Al-Arkan or such 
Restricted Subsidiary in such third person at such time. Except as otherwise provided for herein, the 
amount of an Investment shall be its Fair Market Value at the time the Investment is made and without 
giving effect to subsequent changes in value.  
For purposes of the definitions of “Unrestricted Subsidiary” and “Restricted Payment” and Condition 
6.2: 
(a) 
Investment shall include the portion (proportionate to Dar Al-Arkan's equity interest in such 
Subsidiary) of the Fair Market Value of the net assets of any Subsidiary of Dar Al-Arkan at the 
time that such Subsidiary is designated an Unrestricted Subsidiary; provided, however, that

--- Page 114 ---
102 
 
 
upon a redesignation of such Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary, Dar Al-Arkan shall be 
deemed to continue to have a permanent “Investment” in an Unrestricted Subsidiary equal to an 
amount (if positive) equal to (A) Dar Al-Arkan’s “Investment” in such Subsidiary at the time 
of such redesignation less (B) the portion (proportionate to Dar Al-Arkan’s equity interest in 
such Subsidiary) of the Fair Market Value of the net assets of such Subsidiary at the time of 
such redesignation; and 
(b) 
any property transferred to or from an Unrestricted Subsidiary shall be valued at its Fair Market 
Value at the time of such transfer, in each case as determined in good faith by the Board of 
Directors. 
Investment Grade means a rating of “AAA”, “AA”, “A” or “BBB” as modified by a “+” or “–“ 
indication or an equivalent rating representing one of the four highest rating categories by S&P or any of 
its successors or assigns or a rating of “Aaa” or “Aa”, “A” or “Baa” as modified by a “1”, “2” or “3” 
indication, or an equivalent rating representing one of the four highest Rating Categories, by Moody’s or 
any of its successors or assigns or the equivalent ratings of any internationally recognised rating agency 
or agencies, as the case may be, which shall have been designated by Dar Al-Arkan as having been 
substituted for S&P or Moody’s or both, as the case may be. 
LCIA means the London Court of International Arbitration. 
Lease Agreement means the Master Lease Agreement, as supplemented by the relevant Supplemental 
Lease Agreement, as the same may be replaced from time to time in accordance with the provisions of 
the Master Lease Agreement; 
Lease Assets has the meaning given to it in the Master Lease Agreement.  
Legal Holiday means a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions are not required to be 
open in London and the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency of the Certificates. 
Lessee means Dar Al-Arkan in its capacity as lessee under the Lease Agreement. 
Lessor means the Trustee in its capacity as lessor under the Lease Agreement. 
Liability means any actual loss (excluding opportunity costs), actual damage, fee, actual cost (excluding 
cost of funding), charge, claim, demand, expense, judgment, action, proceeding or other liability 
whatsoever (including, without limitation, in respect of taxes, duties, levies, imposts and other charges) 
and including any value added tax or other tax charged or chargeable in respect thereof and properly 
incurred legal fees and expenses on a full indemnity basis. 
Lien means any mortgage, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, lien or charge of any kind (including 
any conditional sale or other title retention agreement or lease in the nature thereof). 
Loss Event means a Partial Loss Event and/or a Total Loss Event, as the context so requires. 
Master Lease Agreement means the master lease agreement dated 7 June 2022 between the Trustee, 
Dar Al-Arkan and the Delegate. 
Master Murabaha Agreement means the master murabaha agreement dated 7 June 2022 between the 
Trustee, Dar Al-Arkan and the Delegate. 
Master Purchase Agreement means the master purchase agreement dated 7 June 2022 between the 
Trustee and Dar Al-Arkan. 
Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on or a material adverse change in: 
(a) 
the business, operations, property, condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of Dar Al-
Arkan or any of its Subsidiaries; 
(b) 
the ability of Dar Al-Arkan to perform its obligations under any Transaction Document to which 
it is party; or

--- Page 115 ---
103 
 
 
(c) 
the validity or enforceability of the relevant Transaction Documents or the rights or remedies 
of Dar Al-Arkan under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party. 
Moody’s means Moody’s Investors Service and its affiliates. 
Net Available Cash from an Asset Disposition means cash payments received therefrom (including any 
cash payments received by way of deferred payment of principal pursuant to a note or instalment 
receivable or otherwise and proceeds from the sale or other disposition of any securities received as 
consideration, but only as and when received, but excluding any other consideration received in the form 
of assumption by the acquiring person of Indebtedness or other obligations relating to such properties or 
assets or received in any other non-cash form), in each case net of: 
(a) 
all legal, title and recording tax expenses, commissions and other fees and expenses incurred, 
and all Federal, state, provincial, foreign and local taxes required to be accrued as a liability 
under IFRS, as a consequence of such Asset Disposition; 
(b) 
all payments made on any Indebtedness which is secured by any assets subject to such Asset 
Disposition, in accordance with the terms of any Lien upon or other security agreement of any 
kind with respect to such assets, or which must by its terms, or in order to obtain a necessary 
consent to such Asset Disposition, or by applicable law, be repaid out of the proceeds from such 
Asset Disposition; 
(c) 
all distributions and other payments required to be made to minority interest holders in 
Restricted Subsidiaries as a result of such Asset Disposition; 
(d) 
the deduction of appropriate amounts provided by the seller as a reserve, in accordance with 
IFRS, against any liabilities associated with the property or other assets disposed in such Asset 
Disposition and retained by Dar Al-Arkan or any Restricted Subsidiary after such Asset 
Disposition; and 
(e) 
any portion of the purchase price from an Asset Disposition placed in escrow, whether as a 
reserve for adjustment of the purchase price, for satisfaction of indemnities in respect of such 
Asset Disposition or otherwise in connection with that Asset Disposition; provided, however, 
that upon the termination of that escrow, Net Available Cash will be increased by any portion 
of funds in the escrow that are released to Dar Al-Arkan or any Restricted Subsidiary. 
Net Cash Proceeds, with respect to any issuance or sale of Capital Stock or Indebtedness, means the 
cash proceeds of such issuance or sale net of attorneys' fees, underwriters' or placement agents' fees, 
discounts or commissions and brokerage, consultant and other fees actually incurred in connection with 
such issuance or sale and net of taxes paid or payable as a result thereof. 
Obligations means, with respect to any Indebtedness, all obligations for principal, premium, interest, 
penalties, fees, indemnifications, reimbursements and other amounts payable pursuant to the 
documentation governing such Indebtedness. 
Officer means the Managing Director, General Manager, Chief Financial Officer or General Legal 
Counsel of Dar Al-Arkan. 
Officer’s Certificate means a certificate signed by one Officer. 
Opinion of Counsel means a written opinion from legal counsel who is acceptable to the Trustee and 
the Delegate. The counsel may be an employee of or counsel to Dar Al-Arkan, the Trustee or the 
Delegate. 
Partial Loss Dissolution Event means the termination of the lease of the Lease Assets in accordance 
with the Lease Agreement on the 61st day after the date of occurrence of the Partial Loss Event as a 
result of either: (a) provided that the Lease Assets have not been replaced in accordance with the Service 
Agency Agreement, the delivery by Dar Al-Arkan of a Partial Loss Termination Notice to the Lessor 
within 30 days after the date of occurrence of the Partial Loss Event in accordance with the Lease 
Agreement; or (b) the failure by Dar Al-Arkan to replace the Lease Assets within 60 days after the date 
of occurrence of the Partial Loss Event in accordance with the Service Agency Agreement.

--- Page 116 ---
104 
 
 
Partial Loss Event means the partial impairment of one or more Lease Assets in a manner that 
substantially deprives the Lessee from the benefits expected from the whole of the Lease Assets, as 
determined by the Lessee and the occurrence of which (a) has been certified in writing by a recognised 
independent industry expert; and (b) does not constitute a Total Loss Event. 
Partial Loss Termination Notice has the meaning given to it in the Lease Agreement. 
Periodic Distribution Amount has the meaning given to it in Condition 7.2. 
Permitted Business means any business conducted or proposed to be conducted (as described in the 
Base Prospectus) by Dar Al-Arkan and its Restricted Subsidiaries on the Issue Date and other businesses 
reasonably related or ancillary thereto. 
Permitted Holders means (a) Yousef Abdullah Al Shelash, Hethloul Saleh Al Hethloul, Khalid 
Abdullah Al Shalash, Majed Abdul Rahman Al Qasem, Tariq Mohammed Ali Al Jarallah, Abdul Aziz 
Abdullah Al Shelash, Majed Roumi Soliman Al Roumi, Abdul Karim Hamad Al Babteen and Abdullatif 
Abdullah Al-Shalash; (b) with respect to each of the persons identified in paragraph (a) above, his 
parents, spouse and any of his or his spouse’s relatives or descendants; (c) with respect to each of the 
persons identified in paragraphs (a) and (b) above, any trust or estate in which such person collectively 
owns 50 per cent. or more of the total beneficial interests; or (d) with respect to each of the persons 
identified in paragraphs (a) and (b) above, any corporation or other organisation in which such person 
are the owners, directly or indirectly, collectively of 50 per cent. or more of the equity interests. 
Permitted Investment means an Investment by Dar Al-Arkan or any Restricted Subsidiary in: 
(a) 
Dar Al-Arkan, a Restricted Subsidiary or a person that will, upon the making of such 
Investment, become a Restricted Subsidiary; provided, however, that the primary business of 
such Restricted Subsidiary is a Related Business; provided further, however, that Murabaha 
contracts may include a person other than Dar Al-Arkan or a Restricted Subsidiary as a party to 
the extent required to effect the arrangements contemplated therein so long as there is no 
Investment in such person; 
(b) 
another person if, as a result of such Investment, such other person is merged or consolidated 
with or into, or transfers or conveys all or substantially all its assets to, Dar Al-Arkan or a 
Restricted Subsidiary; provided, however, that such person’s primary business is a Related 
Business; 
(c) 
cash and Temporary Cash Investments; 
(d) 
receivables owing to Dar Al-Arkan or any Restricted Subsidiary if created or acquired in the 
ordinary course of business and payable or dischargeable in accordance with customary trade 
terms; provided, however, that such trade terms may include such concessionary trade terms as 
Dar Al-Arkan or any such Restricted Subsidiary deems reasonable under the circumstances; 
(e) 
payroll, travel and similar advances to cover matters that are expected at the time of such 
advances ultimately to be treated as expenses for accounting purposes and that are made in the 
ordinary course of business; 
(f) 
loans or advances to employees made in the ordinary course of business consistent with past 
practices of Dar Al-Arkan or such Restricted Subsidiary; 
(g) 
stock, obligations or securities received in settlement of debts created in the ordinary course of 
business and owing to Dar Al-Arkan or any Restricted Subsidiary or in satisfaction of 
judgments; 
(h) 
any person to the extent such investment represents the non-cash portion of the consideration 
received for (i) an Asset Disposition as permitted pursuant to Condition 6.4 or (ii) a disposition 
of assets not constituting an Asset Disposition; 
(i) 
any person where such Investment was acquired by Dar Al-Arkan or any of its Restricted 
Subsidiaries (a) in exchange for any other Investment or accounts receivable held by Dar Al-
Arkan or any such Restricted Subsidiary in connection with or as a result of a bankruptcy,

--- Page 117 ---
105 
 
 
workout, reorganisation or recapitalisation of the issuer of such other Investment or accounts 
receivable or (b) as a result of a foreclosure by Dar Al-Arkan or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries 
with respect to any secured Investment or other transfer of title with respect to any secured 
Investment in default; 
(j) 
any person to the extent such Investments consist of prepaid expenses, negotiable instruments 
held for collection and lease, utility and workers' compensation, performance and other similar 
deposits made in the ordinary course of business by Dar Al-Arkan or any Restricted Subsidiary; 
(k) 
any person to the extent such Investments consist of Hedging Obligations otherwise permitted 
under Condition 6.1(b)(vi); 
(l) 
any person to the extent such Investment exists on the Issue Date, and any extension, 
modification or renewal of any such Investments existing on the Issue Date, but only to the 
extent not involving additional advances, contributions or other Investments of cash or other 
assets or other increases thereof (other than as a result of the accrual or accretion of interest or 
original issue discount or the issuance of pay-in-kind securities, in each case, pursuant to the 
terms of such Investment as in effect on the Issue Date); 
(m) 
the Certificates; and 
(n) 
any person remaining after giving effect to a repurchase of Capital Stock of Dar Al-Arkan in 
the manner permitted under Condition 6.2(b)(xiii) (where the consideration provided by Dar 
Al-Arkan for such repurchase consisted solely of the Capital Stock of such person). 
For the purposes of this definition, paragraph (n) shall only be applicable with effect from the earlier of 
(a) the date on which the terms and conditions of the 2023 Sukuk Certificates are amended to contain 
such provisions; and (b) the date on which no 2023 Sukuk Certificate is outstanding. 
Permitted Liens means, with respect to any person: 
(a) 
pledges or deposits by such person under workers’ compensation laws, unemployment 
insurance laws or similar legislation, or good faith deposits in connection with bids, tenders, 
contracts (other than for the payment of Indebtedness) or leases to which such person is a party, 
or deposits to secure public or statutory obligations of such person or deposits of cash to secure 
surety or appeal bonds to which such person is a party, or deposits as security for contested 
taxes or import duties or for the payment of rent, in each case Incurred in the ordinary course of 
business; 
(b) 
Liens imposed by law, such as carriers’, warehousemen’s and mechanics’ Liens, in each case 
for sums not yet due or being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings or other Liens 
arising out of judgments or awards against such person with respect to which such person shall 
then be proceeding with an appeal or other proceedings for review and Liens arising solely by 
virtue of any statutory or common law provision relating to banker's Liens, rights of set-off or 
similar rights and remedies as to deposit accounts or other funds maintained with a creditor 
depository institution; provided, however, that (i) such deposit account is not a dedicated cash 
collateral account and is not subject to restrictions against access by Dar Al-Arkan and (ii) such 
deposit account is not intended by Dar Al-Arkan or any Restricted Subsidiary to provide 
collateral to the depository institution; 
(c) 
Liens for property taxes not yet subject to penalties for non-payment or which are being 
contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings; 
(d) 
Liens in favour of issuers of surety bonds or letters of credit issued pursuant to the request of 
and for the account of such person in the ordinary course of its business; provided, however, 
that such letters of credit do not constitute Indebtedness; 
(e) 
minor survey exceptions, minor encumbrances, easements or reservations of, or rights of others 
for, licenses, rights-of-way, sewers, electric lines, telegraph and telephone lines and other 
similar purposes, or zoning or other restrictions as to the use of real property or Liens incidental 
to the conduct of the business of such person or to the ownership of its properties which were 
not Incurred in connection with Indebtedness and which do not in the aggregate materially

--- Page 118 ---
106 
 
 
adversely affect the value of said properties or materially impair their use in the operation of the 
business of such person; 
(f) 
Liens (including extensions and renewals thereof) upon real or personal property acquired after 
the relevant Issue Date; provided that (i) such Lien is created solely for the purpose of securing 
Indebtedness Incurred under Condition 6.1(b)(x) and such Lien is created prior to, at the time 
of or within 60 days after the later of the acquisition or the completion of construction, (ii) the 
principal amount of the Indebtedness secured by such Lien does not exceed 100 per cent. of the 
purchase price or the cost of acquisition, development, construction or improvement of such 
real or personal property and (iii) such Lien shall not extend to or cover any property or assets 
other than such item of property and any improvements on such item; 
(g) 
Liens to secure Indebtedness permitted under the provisions described in Condition 6.1(b)(i); 
(h) 
Liens existing on the Issue Date; 
(i) 
Liens on property or shares of Capital Stock of another person at the time such other person 
becomes a Subsidiary of such person; provided, however, that the Liens may not extend to any 
other property owned by such person or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than assets and 
property affixed or appurtenant thereto); 
(j) 
Liens on property at the time such person or any of its Subsidiaries acquires the property, 
including any acquisition by means of a merger or consolidation with or into such person or a 
Subsidiary of such person; provided, however, that the Liens may not extend to any other 
property owned by such person or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than assets and 
property affixed or appurtenant thereto); 
(k) 
Liens securing Indebtedness or other obligations of a Subsidiary of such person owing to such 
person or a Restricted Subsidiary of such person; 
(l) 
Liens securing Hedging Obligations so long as such Hedging Obligations are permitted to be 
Incurred under Condition 6; 
(m) 
Liens to secure any Refinancing (or successive Refinancings) as a whole, or in part, of any 
Indebtedness secured by any Lien referred to in paragraphs (f), (g), (h), (i) or (j) above or (n) 
below; provided, however, that: 
(i) 
such new Lien shall be limited to all or part of the same property and assets that secured 
or, under the written agreements pursuant to which the original Lien arose, could 
secure the original Lien (plus improvements and accessions to, such property or 
proceeds or distributions thereof); and 
(ii) 
the Indebtedness secured by such Lien at such time is not increased to any amount 
greater than the sum of (A) the outstanding principal amount or, if greater, committed 
amount of the Indebtedness described under paragraphs (f), (g), (h), (i) or (j) above or 
(n) below at the time the original Lien became a Permitted Lien and (B) an amount 
necessary to pay any fees and expenses, including premiums, related to such 
refinancing, refunding, extension, renewal or replacement; and 
(n) 
Liens securing Indebtedness or other obligations, other than Relevant Indebtedness, of such 
person or its Subsidiaries so long as, on the date of creation of such Liens, no Default has 
occurred and is continuing and the incurrence of such Lien would not result in the aggregate 
amount of Total Assets of Dar Al-Arkan and its Restricted Subsidiaries which are free of and 
not encumbered by or subject to any Lien (including any Permitted Liens) being less than 1.25 
times the aggregate amount of Indebtedness that is not subject to any Lien or other Security 
Interest of Dar Al-Arkan and its Restricted Subsidiaries as determined by Dar Al-Arkan in good 
faith. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, “Permitted Liens” will not include any Lien described in paragraphs (i) 
or (j) above to the extent such Lien applies to any Additional Assets acquired directly or indirectly from

--- Page 119 ---
107 
 
 
Net Available Cash pursuant to Condition 6.4.  For purposes of this definition, the term “Indebtedness” 
shall be deemed to include interest on such Indebtedness. 
person means any individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, association, joint stock company, 
trust, unincorporated organisation, limited liability company or government or agency, or political 
subdivision thereof, or any other entity. 
Potential Dissolution Event means any event which, with the giving of notice, lapse of time or 
fulfilment of any other applicable condition (or any combination of any of the foregoing), would 
constitute a Dissolution Event. 
Purchase Agreement means the Master Purchase Agreement, as supplemented, in relation to each 
Series, by the relevant Supplemental Purchase Agreement. 
Purchase Undertaking means the purchase undertaking dated 7 June 2022 executed by Dar Al-Arkan 
in favour of the Trustee and the Delegate. 
Rate has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.3. 
Rating Agencies means (i) S&P, (ii) Moody’s and (iii) if S&P or Moody’s or both shall not make a 
rating of the relevant Certificates publicly available, an internationally recognised securities rating 
agency or agencies, as the case may be, selected by Dar Al-Arkan, which shall be substituted for S&P or 
Moody's or both, as the case may be. 
Record Date has the meaning given to it in Condition 9.1. 
Reference Banks has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.3. 
Refinance means, in respect of any Indebtedness, to refinance, extend, renew, refund, repay, prepay, 
purchase, redeem, defease or retire, or to issue other Indebtedness in exchange or replacement for, such 
Indebtedness. Refinanced and Refinancing shall have correlative meanings. 
Refinancing Indebtedness means Indebtedness that Refinances any Indebtedness of Dar Al-Arkan or 
any Restricted Subsidiary existing on the Issue Date or Incurred in compliance with the Transaction 
Documents to which Dar Al-Arkan is a party, including Indebtedness that Refinances Refinancing 
Indebtedness; provided, however, that: 
(a) 
such Refinancing Indebtedness has a Stated Maturity no earlier than the Stated Maturity of the 
Indebtedness being Refinanced; 
(b) 
such Refinancing Indebtedness has an Average Life at the time such Refinancing Indebtedness 
is Incurred that is equal to or greater than the Average Life of the Indebtedness being 
Refinanced; 
(c) 
such Refinancing Indebtedness has an aggregate principal amount (or if Incurred with original 
issue discount, an aggregate issue price) that is equal to or less than the aggregate principal 
amount (or if Incurred with original issue discount, the aggregate accreted value) then 
outstanding (plus fees and expenses, including any premium and defeasance costs) under the 
Indebtedness being Refinanced; and 
(d) 
if the Indebtedness being Refinanced is subordinated in right of payment to Dar Al-Arkan’s 
payment obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, such Refinancing 
Indebtedness is subordinated in right of payment to Dar Al-Arkan’s payment obligations under 
the Transaction Documents to which it is a party at least to the same extent as the Indebtedness 
being Refinanced, 
provided further, however, that Refinancing Indebtedness shall not include (A) Indebtedness of a 
Subsidiary that Refinances Indebtedness of Dar Al-Arkan or (B) Indebtedness of Dar Al-Arkan or a 
Restricted Subsidiary that Refinances Indebtedness of an Unrestricted Subsidiary. 
Register has the meaning given to it in Condition 1.2.

--- Page 120 ---
108 
 
 
Registered Office Agreement means the registered office agreement dated 16 May 2013 and entered 
into by the Trustee and the Trustee Administrator. 
Related Business means any business in which Dar Al-Arkan and any of the Restricted Subsidiaries was 
engaged in on the Issue Date and any businesses related, ancillary or complementary to such business.  
Relevant Date has the meaning given to it in Condition 12. 
Relevant Indebtedness means any indebtedness which is in the form of, or represented or evidenced by, 
bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or other securities (including trust certificates, sukuk and any other 
instruments intended to be issued in accordance with the principles of Shari'a) which for the time being 
are, or are intended to be, or are capable of being quoted, listed or dealt in or traded on any stock exchange 
or over the counter or other securities market. 
Relevant Jurisdiction has the meaning given to it in Condition 12. 
Relevant Nominating Body has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.4. 
Relevant Screen Page has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.3. 
Replacement Assets means properties and assets that replace the properties and assets that were the 
subject of an Asset Disposition or properties and assets that are, or will be, used in Dar Al-Arkan business 
or in that of the Restricted Subsidiaries or any and all businesses that in the good faith judgment of the 
Board of Directors are Related Businesses, and, in each case, any capital expenditure relating thereto. 
Reserved Matter means any proposal: 
(a) 
to change any date fixed for payment of a Periodic Distribution Amount or Dissolution Amount 
in respect of the Certificates, to reduce or cancel the Periodic Distribution Amount or 
Dissolution Amount payable on any date in respect of the Certificates or, except where such 
alteration is in the opinion of the Delegate bound to result in an increase in the amount of such 
payment, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the 
Certificates on redemption or maturity; 
(b) 
to effect the exchange, redemption, conversion or substitution of the Certificates for, or 
exchange the Certificates into, shares, certificates or other securities of the Trustee or any other 
person or body corporate formed or to be formed (other than as permitted under the Conditions); 
(c) 
to change the currency in which amounts due in respect of the Certificates are payable; 
(d) 
to change the quorum required at any meeting of Certificateholders or the majority required to 
pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
(e) 
to permit early repayment of the Certificates other than as permitted in the Conditions; 
(f) 
to change the pari passu ranking provisions of Condition 4.2; 
(g) 
to amend any of the Trustee’s covenants in the Master Trust Deed, any of Dar Al-Arkan’s 
covenants in the Master Trust Deed or any of Dar Al-Arkan’s obligations to make a payment 
under any Transaction Document to which it is a party; 
(h) 
to change the definition of “outstanding” or modify the provisions contained in the Master Trust 
Deed, the Conditions or the Global Certificate concerning the quorum required at any meeting 
of the Certificateholders or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
(i) 
to change the governing law of the Master Trust Deed, the Conditions and the Global Certificate, 
the dispute resolution provisions to which the Trustee or Dar Al-Arkan has agreed in the Master 
Trust Deed, the Conditions and the Global Certificates, or the Trustee’s and Dar Al-Arkan’s 
obligation in the Master Trust Deed, the Conditions and the Global Certificate to appoint and 
maintain an agent for service of process; or 
(j) 
to amend this definition of Reserved Matter.

--- Page 121 ---
109 
 
 
Restricted Payment with respect to any person means: 
(a) 
the declaration or payment of any dividends or any other distributions of any sort in respect of 
its Capital Stock (including any payment in connection with any merger or consolidation 
involving such person) or similar payment to the direct or indirect holders of its Capital Stock 
(other than (A) dividends or distributions payable solely in its Capital Stock (other than 
Disqualified Stock), (B) dividends or distributions payable solely to Dar Al-Arkan or a 
Restricted Subsidiary and (C) pro rata dividends or other distributions made by a Subsidiary 
that is not a Wholly Owned Subsidiary to minority stockholders (or owners of an equivalent 
interest in the case of a Subsidiary that is an entity other than a corporation)); 
(b) 
the purchase, repurchase, redemption, defeasance or other acquisition or retirement for value of 
any Capital Stock of Dar Al-Arkan held by any person (other than by a Restricted Subsidiary) 
or of any Capital Stock of a Restricted Subsidiary held by any Affiliate of Dar Al-Arkan (other 
than by a Restricted Subsidiary), including in connection with any merger or consolidation and 
including the exercise of any option to exchange any Capital Stock (other than into Capital 
Stock of Dar Al-Arkan that is not Disqualified Stock); 
(c) 
the purchase, repurchase, redemption, defeasance or other acquisition or retirement for value, 
prior to scheduled maturity, scheduled repayment or scheduled sinking fund payment of any 
Subordinated Obligations of Dar Al-Arkan (other than (A) from a Restricted Subsidiary or (B) 
the purchase, repurchase, redemption, defeasance or other acquisition or retirement of 
Subordinated Obligations purchased in anticipation of satisfying a sinking fund obligation, 
principal instalment or final maturity, in each case due within one year of the date of such 
purchase, repurchase, redemption, defeasance or other acquisition or retirement); or 
(d) 
the making of any Investment (other than a Permitted Investment) in any person. 
Restricted Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of Dar Al-Arkan that is not an Unrestricted Subsidiary. 
Rules has the meaning given to it in Condition 22. 
S&P means Standard & Poor's Ratings Services and its affiliates. 
Sale/Leaseback Transaction means an arrangement relating to property owned by Dar Al-Arkan or a 
Restricted Subsidiary on the Issue Date or thereafter acquired by Dar Al-Arkan or a Restricted Subsidiary 
whereby Dar Al-Arkan or a Restricted Subsidiary transfers such property to a person and Dar Al-Arkan 
or a Restricted Subsidiary leases it from such person. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term 
“Sale/Leaseback Transaction” will not include any transfers and/or leases (a) between Dar Al-Arkan and 
a Restricted Subsidiary; or (b) entered into by Dar Al-Arkan or any Restricted Subsidiary solely for the 
purposes of a financing structured on a Shari’a-compliant basis, provided that (i) such financing is 
Incurred for the benefit of Dar Al-Arkan or such Restricted Subsidiary; and (ii) on the date of such 
Incurrence and after giving effect thereto on a pro forma basis, Dar Al-Arkan is in compliance with the 
requirements of Condition 6.1. 
Sale Agreement has the meaning given to it in the Purchase Undertaking or the Sale and Substitution 
Undertaking, as the context so requires.  
Sale and Substitution Undertaking means the sale and substitution undertaking dated 7 June 2022 
executed by the Trustee in favour of Dar Al-Arkan. 
SAR means the lawful currency of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. 
SAR Equivalent means with respect to any monetary amount in a currency other than SAR, at any time 
for determination thereof, the amount of SAR obtained by converting such foreign currency involved in 
such computation into SAR at the spot rate for the purchase of SAR with the applicable foreign currency 
as published in The Wall Street Journal in the "Exchange Rates" column under the heading “Currency 
Trading” on the date two Business Days prior to such determination. Except as described under Condition 
6.1, whenever it is necessary to determine whether Dar Al-Arkan has complied with any provision in 
Condition 6 or a Default has occurred and an amount is expressed in a currency other than SAR, such 
amount will be treated as the SAR Equivalent determined as of the date such amount is initially 
determined in such currency.

--- Page 122 ---
110 
 
 
Saudi Home Loans means Saudi Home Loans Company. 
Scheduled Dissolution Date has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
SEC means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
Security Interest means any mortgage, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, lien or charge of any 
kind (including, without limitation, any conditional sale or other title retention agreement or lease in the 
nature thereof, any sale with recourse against the seller or any affiliate of the seller, or any agreement to 
give any security interest) securing any obligation of any person. 
Senior Indebtedness means with respect to any person: 
(a) 
Indebtedness of such person, whether outstanding on the Issue Date or thereafter Incurred; and 
(b) 
all other Obligations of such person (including interest accruing on or after the filing of any 
petition in bankruptcy or for reorganisation relating to such person whether or not post-filing 
interest is allowed in such proceeding) in respect of Indebtedness described in paragraph (a) 
above, 
unless, in the case of paragraphs (a) and (b), in the instrument creating or evidencing the same or pursuant 
to which the same is outstanding, it is provided that such Indebtedness or other Obligations are 
subordinate in right of payment to the claims of the Trustee against Dar Al-Arkan in respect of the 
payment obligations of Dar Al-Arkan under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party of such 
person, as the case may be; provided, however, that Senior Indebtedness shall not include: 
(i) 
any obligation of such person to Dar Al-Arkan or any Subsidiary of Dar Al-Arkan; 
(ii) 
any liability for Federal, state, local or other taxes owed or owing by such person; 
(iii) 
any accounts payable or other liability to trade creditors arising in the ordinary course 
of business; 
(iv) 
any Indebtedness or other Obligation of such person which is subordinate or junior in 
any respect to any other Indebtedness or other Obligation of such person; or 
(v) 
that portion of any Indebtedness which at the time of Incurrence is Incurred in violation 
of the Transaction Documents. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the payment obligations of Dar Al-Arkan under the Transaction Documents 
to which it is a party shall constitute Senior Indebtedness. 
Service Agency Agreement means the service agency agreement dated 7 June 2022 between the Trustee 
and Dar Al-Arkan. 
Service Agent means Dar Al-Arkan in its capacity as service agent under the Service Agency 
Agreement. 
Settlement to Avoid Bankruptcy Law means the Settlement to Avoid Bankruptcy Law promulgated 
by Royal Decree No. 16 dated 4/9/1416H. 
Shareholders’ Equity means, at any date, the capital, statutory reserves, general reserves, treasury stock 
and retained earnings of Dar Al-Arkan; and in addition, to the extent accounted for as equity in 
accordance with IFRS, the equity element with respect to any financial instrument. 
Shari’a Adviser has the meaning given to it in the Service Agency Agreement. 
Significant Subsidiary means any Restricted Subsidiary that would be a “Significant Subsidiary” of Dar 
Al-Arkan within the meaning of Rule 1-02 under Regulation S-X promulgated by the SEC.

--- Page 123 ---
111 
 
 
Stated Maturity means, with respect to any security, the date specified in such security as the fixed date 
on which the final payment of principal of such security is due and payable, including pursuant to any 
mandatory redemption provision (but excluding any provision providing for the repurchase of such 
security at the option of the holder thereof upon the happening of any contingency unless such 
contingency has occurred). 
Subordinated Obligation means, with respect to a person, any Indebtedness of such person (whether 
outstanding on the Issue Date or thereafter Incurred) which is subordinate or junior in right of payment 
to the claims of the Trustee against Dar Al-Arkan in respect of the payment obligations of Dar Al-Arkan 
under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party. 
Subsidiary means, with respect to any person, any corporation, association, partnership or other business 
entity of which more than 50 per cent. of the total voting power of shares of Voting Stock is at the time 
owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by:  
(a) 
such person; 
(b) 
such person and one or more Subsidiaries of such person; or 
(c) 
one or more Subsidiaries of such person.  
sub-unit has the meaning given to it in Condition 7.3. 
Successor Rate has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.4. 
Supplemental Lease Agreement has the meaning given to it in the Master Lease Agreement. 
Supplemental Purchase Agreement has the meaning given to it in the Master Purchase Agreement. 
TARGET Settlement Date has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.2.  
Tax Event has the meaning given to it in Condition 11.2. 
Taxes shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 12. 
Temporary Cash Investments means any of the following: 
(a) 
any investment in direct obligations of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, a member of the European 
Union, the United Kingdom, the United States or any agency thereof or obligations guaranteed 
by the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, a member of the European Union, the United Kingdom or the 
United States or any agency thereof; 
(b) 
investments in demand and time deposit accounts, certificates of deposit and money market 
deposits maturing within 180 days of the date of acquisition thereof issued by a bank or trust 
company which is organised under the laws of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, a member of the 
European Union, the United Kingdom or the United States or any state thereof, and which bank 
or trust company has capital, surplus and undivided profits aggregating in excess of U.S.$50.0 
million (or the foreign currency equivalent thereof) and has outstanding debt which is rated “A” 
(or such similar equivalent rating) or higher by at least one nationally recognised statistical 
rating organisation; 
(c) 
repurchase obligations with a term of not more than 30 days for underlying securities of the 
types described in paragraph (a) above entered into with a bank meeting the qualifications 
described in paragraph (b) above; 
(d) 
investments in commercial paper, maturing not more than 90 days after the date of acquisition, 
issued by a corporation (other than an Affiliate of Dar Al-Arkan) organised and in existence 
under the laws of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, a member of the European Union, the United 
Kingdom or the United States with a rating at the time as of which any investment therein is 
made of “P-l” (or higher) according to Moody's Investors Service, Inc. or “A-l” (or higher) 
according to S&P;

--- Page 124 ---
112 
 
 
(e) 
investments in securities with maturities of six months or less from the date of acquisition issued 
or fully guaranteed by any state, commonwealth or territory of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, a 
member of the European Union, the United Kingdom or the United States, or by any political 
subdivision or taxing authority thereof, and rated at least “A” by S&P or “A” by Moody’s 
Investors Service, Inc.; and 
(f) 
investments in money market funds that invest substantially all their assets in securities of the 
types described in paragraphs (a) to (e) (inclusive) above. 
Total Assets means, at any date, the total consolidated book value of all assets, plus accumulated 
depreciation and amortisation, of Dar Al-Arkan and its Subsidiaries, prepared in accordance with IFRS. 
Total Liabilities means the aggregate of all consolidated Indebtedness of Dar Al-Arkan and its 
Subsidiaries and all other obligations of Dar Al-Arkan for the payment or repayment of money, whether 
present or future.  
Total Loss Dissolution Date has the meaning given to it in Condition 11.7. 
Transaction Account means, in relation to each Series, the non-interest bearing account in London in 
the Trustee’s name maintained with the Principal Paying Agent, details of which are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Transaction Documents means, in relation to each Series: 
(a) 
the Trust Deed; 
(b) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(c) 
the Purchase Agreement; 
(d) 
the Lease Agreement; 
(e) 
the Service Agency Agreement; 
(f) 
the Purchase Undertaking; 
(g) 
the Sale and Substitution Undertaking; and 
(g) 
the Master Murabaha Agreement (together with all documents, notices of request to purchase, 
offer notices and acceptances delivered or entered into as contemplated by the Master Murabaha 
Agreement in connection with the relevant Series), 
each, as may be amended, restated and/or supplemented from time to time; 
Trustee Administrator means MaplesFS Limited, a licensed trust company in the Cayman Islands who 
will provide, amongst other things, corporate administrative services and director services for and on 
behalf of the Trustee pursuant to the Corporate Services Agreement. 
Unrestricted Subsidiary means: 
(a) 
any Subsidiary of Dar Al-Arkan that at the time of determination shall be designated an 
Unrestricted Subsidiary by the Board of Directors in the manner provided below; and 
(b) 
any Subsidiary of an Unrestricted Subsidiary. 
The Board of Directors may designate any Subsidiary of Dar Al-Arkan (including any newly acquired 
or newly formed Subsidiary) to be an Unrestricted Subsidiary unless such Subsidiary or any of its 
Subsidiaries owns any Capital Stock or Indebtedness of, or holds any Lien on any property of, Dar Al-
Arkan or any Subsidiary of Dar Al-Arkan that is not a Subsidiary of the Subsidiary to be so designated; 
provided, however, that either (A) the Subsidiary to be so designated has total assets of U.S.$1,000 or 
less or (B) if such Subsidiary has assets greater than U.S.$1,000, such designation would be permitted 
under Condition 6.2. The Board of Directors may designate any Unrestricted Subsidiary to be a Restricted 
Subsidiary; provided, however, that immediately after giving effect to such designation (i) Dar Al-Arkan

--- Page 125 ---
113 
 
 
could Incur SAR 1.00 of additional Indebtedness under Condition 6.1(a), and (ii) no Default shall have 
occurred and be continuing.  Any such designation by the Board of Directors shall be evidenced to the 
Trustee and the Delegate by promptly filing with the Trustee and the Delegate a copy of the resolution 
of the Board of Directors giving effect to such designation and an Officer’s Certificate certifying that 
such designation complied with the foregoing provisions. 
Voting Stock of a person means all classes of Capital Stock of such person then outstanding and normally 
entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of directors, 
managers or trustees thereof. 
Wholly Owned Subsidiary means a Restricted Subsidiary all the Capital Stock of which (other than 
directors' qualifying shares) is owned, directly or indirectly, by Dar Al-Arkan or one or more other 
Wholly Owned Subsidiaries.

--- Page 126 ---
114 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of each Series will be applied by the Trustee pursuant to the terms of the relevant Transaction 
Documents to which it is a party as follows: (a) the Ijara Percentage of the aggregate face amount of the 
Certificates as the purchase price payable for the purchase from the Seller of all of its rights, title interest, benefits 
and entitlements in, to and under the Assets pursuant to the Purchase Agreement; and (b) if applicable, the 
Murabaha Percentage of the aggregate face amount of the Certificates to purchase Commodities to be sold to Dar 
Al-Arkan pursuant to the Master Murabaha Agreement.

--- Page 127 ---
115 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRUSTEE 
General 
Dar Al-Arkan Sukuk Company Ltd., a Cayman Islands exempted company with limited liability, was incorporated 
on 11 April 2013 under the Companies Law (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands with company registration 
number 276880. The Trustee has been established as a special purpose vehicle for the sole purpose of issuing 
Certificates under the Programme and entering into the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. 
The registered office of the Trustee is at c/o MaplesFS Limited, P.O. Box 1093, Queensgate House, Grand 
Cayman KY1-1102, Cayman Islands and its telephone number is +1 345 945 7099. 
The authorised share capital of the Trustee is U.S.$50,000 divided into 50,000 ordinary shares of U.S.$1.00 par 
value each, 250 of which have been issued. All of the issued shares (the Shares) are fully-paid and are held by 
MaplesFS Limited as share trustee (the Share Trustee) under the terms of a trust deed (the Share Trust Deed) 
dated 16 May 2013 under which the Share Trustee holds the Shares in trust until the Termination Date (as defined 
in the Share Trust Deed). Prior to the Termination Date, the trust is an accumulation trust, but the Share Trustee 
has the power to benefit Qualified Charities (as defined in the Share Trust Deed). It is not anticipated that any 
distribution will be made whilst any Certificate is outstanding. Following the Termination Date, the Share Trustee 
will wind up the trust and make a final distribution to charity. The Share Trustee has no beneficial interest in, and 
derives no benefit (other than its fee for acting as Share Trustee) from, its holding of the Shares. 
Business of the Trustee 
The Trustee has no prior operating history or prior business other than in connection with the Certificates issued 
to date under the Programme and will not have any substantial liabilities other than in connection with the 
Certificates issued, and to be issued, under the Programme. The Certificates are the obligations of the Trustee 
alone and not the Share Trustee. 
The objects for which the Trustee is established are set out in clause 3 of its Memorandum of Association as 
registered or adopted on 11 April 2013. 
Financial Statements 
Since the date of its incorporation, no financial statements of the Trustee have been prepared. The Trustee is not 
required by Cayman Islands law, and does not intend, to publish audited financial statements. 
Directors of the Trustee 
The Directors of the Trustee are as follows: 
Name: 
Principal Occupation: 
Jordan Hebert 
Assistant Vice President, Fiduciary at Maples Fund Services (Middle 
East) Limited 
Stacy Bodden 
Vice President at MaplesFS Limited 
 
The business address of Jordan Hebert is c/o Maples Fund Services (Middle East) Limited, Level 14, Burj Daman, 
Dubai International Financial Centre, P.O. Box 506734, Dubai, United Arab Emirates. The business address of 
Stacy Bodden is c/o MaplesFS Limited, P.O. Box 1093, Boundary Hall, Cricket Square, Grand Cayman KY1-
1102, Cayman Islands. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the private interests or other duties of the Directors listed above 
and their duties to the Trustee. 
The Administrator 
MaplesFS Limited also acts as the administrator of the Trustee (in such capacity, the Trustee Administrator). 
The office of the Trustee Administrator serves as the general business office of the Trustee.

--- Page 128 ---
116 
 
 
Through the office, and pursuant to the terms of the Corporate Services Agreement, the Trustee Administrator 
will perform in the Cayman Islands, the United Arab Emirates and/or such other jurisdiction as may be agreed by 
the parties from time to time various management functions on behalf of the Trustee and the provision of certain 
clerical, administrative and other services until termination of the Corporate Services Agreement. The Trustee and 
the Trustee Administrator have also entered into the Registered Office Agreement for the provision of registered 
office facilities to the Trustee. In consideration of the foregoing, the Trustee Administrator will receive various 
fees payable by the Trustee at rates agreed upon from time to time, plus expenses. The terms of the Corporate 
Services Agreement and the Registered Office Agreement provide that either the Trustee or the Trustee 
Administrator may terminate such agreements upon the occurrence of certain stated events, including any breach 
by the other party of its obligations under such agreements. In addition, the Corporate Services Agreement and 
the Registered Office Agreement provide that either party shall be entitled to terminate such agreements by giving 
at least three months’ notice in writing to the other party with a copy to any applicable rating agency, and the 
Corporate Services Agreement further provides that the Trustee Administrator may terminate such agreement 
following the occurrence of a Dissolution Event. 
The Trustee Administrator will be subject to the overview of the Trustee’s Board of Directors. 
The Trustee Administrator’s principal office is P.O. Box 1093, Boundary Hall, Cricket Square, Grand Cayman 
KY1-1102, Cayman Islands. 
The Directors of the Trustee are all employees or officers of the Trustee Administrator (or an affiliate thereof). 
The Trustee has no employees and is not expected to have any employees in the future.

--- Page 129 ---
117 
 
 
SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA  
The following tables set forth Dar Al-Arkan’s selected financial data as of and for the years ended 31 December 
2019, 2020 and 2021 and as of and for the three months ended 31 March 2021 and 2022. The selected financial 
data as of and for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2021 has been derived from the 2021 Audited Financial 
Statements. The selected financial data as of and for the year ended 31 December 2019 has been derived from the 
comparative financial information as of and for the year ended 31 December 2019 included in the 2020 Audited 
Financial Statements. 
The selected financial data as of and for the three months ended 31 March 2022 has been derived from the Interim 
Financial Statements. The selected financial data as of and for the three months ended 31 March 2021 has been 
derived from the comparative financial information as of and for the three months ended 31 March 2021 included 
in the Interim Financial Statements. 
The following selected financial data should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by 
reference to, the information contained in the “Presentation of Financial and Other Information” and “Financial 
Review” sections of this Base Prospectus, and the Audited Financial Statements and the Interim Financial 
Statements. 
Statement of Financial Position 
As of 31 December (Audited) 
As of 31 March 
(Reviewed) 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
SAR ’000 
Cash and cash equivalents ........  
3,950,020 
4,931,660 
4,153,426 
5,034,111 
Investment properties, net .........  
1,651,357 
1,519,116 
1,110,414 
1,098,361 
Long-term development 
properties(1) ...............................  
16,895,604 
18,246,583 
19,285,287 
18,628,574 
Total assets ...............................  
28,049,229 
30,934,616 
31,961,680 
32,029,463 
Total borrowings(2) ...................  
7,732,683 
10,217,453 
9,413,423 
9,339,776 
Total liabilities ..........................  
9,039,741 
11,908,436 
12,802,050 
12,648,815 
 
 
Notes: 
(1) 
Long-term development properties represents only non-current portion of development properties completed, developed and under-
development properties.  
(2) 
Total borrowings represent borrowings-long-term maturity portion and borrowings-short-term maturity portion, as reflected in the 
consolidated statement of financial position of Dar Al-Arkan. 
Statement of Income Data 
Year ended 31 December (Audited) 
2019 
2020 
2021 
SAR ’000 
Revenue ................................................................... 
3,491,856 
1,944,854 
2,493,078 
Cost of revenue ........................................................ 
(2,667,416) 
(1,270,204) 
(1,596,350) 
Gross profit ............................................................ 
824,440 
674,650 
896,728 
General and administrative expenses  ...................... 
(174,787) 
(171,332) 
(211,945) 
Operating profit ..................................................... 
649,653 
503,318 
684,783 
Finance costs ........................................................... 
(478,418) 
(645,883) 
(662,977) 
Other income, net  ................................................... 
133,269 
143,361 
93,888 
Share of net profits from associates and joint 
ventures ................................................................... 
7,885 
 
18,583 
 
19,748 
Profit before zakat ................................................. 
312,389 
19,379 
135,442 
Zakat provisions and expenses  ............................... 
(7,799) 
(585) 
(2,922) 
Net profit for the year ........................................... 
304,590 
18,794 
132,520 
Other comprehensive income  .............................. 
(435) 
(2,102) 
930 
Total comprehensive income for the year ............ 
304,155 
16,692 
133,450 
Total comprehensive income attributable to: 
 
 
 
Dar Al-Arkan shareholders ...................................... 
304,155 
16,692 
133,450

--- Page 130 ---
118 
 
 
 
Three months ended 31 March (Reviewed) 
 
2021 
2022 
 
SAR ’000 
Revenue ................................................................. 
554,836 
1,619,339
Cost of revenue...................................................... 
(350,297) 
(1,056,560)
Gross profit .......................................................... 
204,539 
562,779
General and administrative expenses  ................... 
(37,368) 
(63,693)
Operating profit ................................................... 
167,171 
499,086
Finance costs ......................................................... 
(166,133) 
(152,851)
Other income, net  ................................................. 
24,684 
16,108
Share of net profits from associates and joint 
ventures  ................................................................ 
 
3,526 
1,614
Profit before zakat ............................................... 
29,248 
363,957
Zakat provisions and expenses .............................. 
(731) 
(142,939)
Net profit for the period ...................................... 
28,517 
221,018
Other comprehensive income ............................. 
- 
-
Total comprehensive income for the period ...... 
28,517 
221,018
Total comprehensive income attributable to: 
 
Dar Al-Arkan shareholders ................................... 
28,517 
221,018

--- Page 131 ---
119 
 
 
FINANCIAL REVIEW  
The following is a review of Dar Al-Arkan’s financial condition and results of operations as of and for the years 
ended 31 December 2019, 2020 and 2021 and as of and for the three months ended 31 March 2021 and 2022. 
The following review should be read in conjunction with the information in “Presentation of Financial and Other 
Information” and the Audited Financial Statements and the Interim Financial Statements. 
The following discussion contains forward looking statements. Dar Al-Arkan’s actual results could differ 
materially from those anticipated in these forward looking statements as a result of various factors including 
those discussed below and elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, particularly those discussed in “Risk Factors”. 
Overview 
Dar Al-Arkan is a leading real estate developer in the Kingdom and is involved in all major aspects of real estate 
development, including sourcing and purchasing land, overseeing design and construction of developments and 
marketing and sales. Dar Al-Arkan is a joint stock company registered in Riyadh with commercial registration 
number 1010160195. The shares of Dar Al-Arkan are listed on the Tadawul All Share Index of the Saudi Stock 
Exchange. Dar Al-Arkan’s registered office is PO Box 105633, Riyadh, 11656, Saudi Arabia. In addition to its 
head office in Riyadh, Dar Al-Arkan has three branch offices located in Makkah, Jeddah and Medina. 
Dar Al-Arkan currently operates in three strategic business segments, as follows: 
 
Properties Development: which comprises: (i) land development projects; and (ii) residential and 
commercial projects; 
 
Asset Management: which focuses on the leasing and management of Dar Al-Arkan’s investment 
properties; and 
 
Investments: which focuses on strategic investments in companies that are complementary to Dar 
Al-Arkan’s real estate development operations. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Properties Development business segment accounted for the significant 
majority of Dar Al-Arkan’s business.  
During the year ended 31 December 2021, revenue from Properties Development projects, which for accounting 
and financial reporting purposes is accounted for as Sale of Development Properties and Sale of Residential 
Properties, accounted for SAR 2.38 billion (U.S.$634.52 million), or 94.69 per cent. of Dar Al-Arkan’s total 
revenue, compared to SAR 1.81 billion (U.S.$483.30 million), or 92.31 per cent. of total revenue, in the year 
ended 31 December 2020. During the year ended 31 December 2021, revenue from Properties Development 
projects was comprised of Sale of Development Properties of SAR 2.26 billion (U.S.$602.97 million) and Sale of 
Residential Properties of SAR 118.32 million (U.S.$31.55 million), compared to Sale of Development Properties 
of SAR 1.63 billion (U.S.$433.59 million) and Sale of Residential Properties of SAR 186.40 million (U.S.$49.71 
million) in the year ended 31 December 2020. Revenue from Asset Management, which for accounting and 
financial reporting purposes is accounted for as Leasing of Properties, accounted for SAR 113.62 million 
(U.S.$30.30 million), or 4.52 per cent. of Dar Al-Arkan’s total revenue, in the year ended 31 December 2021, 
compared to SAR 132.48 million (U.S.$35.33 million), or 6.74 per cent. of total revenue, in the year ended 31 
December 2020. Revenue from Investments, which for accounting and financial reporting purposes is accounted 
for as a share of net profits from associates and joint ventures, accounted for SAR 19.75 million (U.S.$5.27 
million), or 0.79 per cent. of Dar Al-Arkan’s total revenue, in the year ended 31 December 2021, compared to 
SAR 18.58 million (U.S.$4.95 million), or 0.95 per cent. of total revenue, in the year ended 31 December 2020. 
During the three months ended 31 March 2022, revenue from Properties Development projects accounted for SAR 
1.59 billion (U.S.$424.60 million), or 98.23 per cent. of Dar Al-Arkan’s total revenue, compared to SAR 524.66 
million (U.S.$139.91 million), or 93.96 per cent. of total revenue, in the three months ended 31 March 2021. 
During the three months ended 31 March 2022, revenue from Properties Development projects was comprised of 
Sale of Development Properties of SAR 1.52 billion (U.S.$404.58 million) and Sale of Residential Properties of 
SAR 75.05 million (U.S.$20.01 million), compared to Sale of Development Properties of SAR 480.72 million 
(U.S.$128.19 million) and Sale of Residential Properties of SAR 43.94 million (U.S.$11.72 million) in the three 
months ended 31 March 2021. Revenue from Asset Management accounted for SAR 27.10 million (U.S.$7.23 
million), or 1.67 per cent. of Dar Al-Arkan’s total revenue, in the three months ended 31 March 2022, compared 
to SAR 30.18 million (U.S.$8.05 million), or 5.40 per cent. of total revenue, in the three months ended 31 March

--- Page 132 ---
120 
 
 
2021. During the three months ended 31 March 2022, revenue from Investments accounted for SAR 1.61 million 
(U.S.$0.43 million), or 0.10 per cent. of Dar Al-Arkan’s total revenue, compared to SAR 3.53 million (U.S.$0.94 
million), or 0.64 per cent. of total revenue, in the three months ended 31 March 2021.  
Certain factors affecting Dar Al-Arkan’s Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
Macroeconomic and other trends in the Kingdom 
Most of Dar Al-Arkan’s operations are carried out in the Kingdom. As a result, macroeconomic, demographic 
and other trends relating to the Kingdom have impacted and will continue to impact Dar Al-Arkan’s operating 
profit from period to period. 
The oil sector continues to constitute the largest portion of the Kingdom’s economy. The oil sector accounted for 
39.9 per cent. and 38.4 per cent. of the Kingdom’s real GDP in the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020, 
respectively, while oil revenues accounted for 58.2 per cent. and 52.8 per cent. of total Government revenues in 
the fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively. Oil exports accounted for 73.2 per cent., 68.7 per cent., 76.6 per cent. 
and 78.7 per cent. of the Kingdom’s total exports by value in 2021, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.  
Historically, the price of oil has been volatile and over the past two decades international oil prices have fluctuated 
significantly. For example, the yearly average OPEC Reference Basket price was U.S.$64.04 in 2019, U.S.$41.47 
in 2020, reflecting a sharp fall in April 2020 (driven by OPEC actions and significantly reduced demand as a result 
of COVID-19 and a slow recovery throughout the remainder of the year and U.S.$77.97 in 2021. The average of 
the monthly average OPEC Reference Basket prices over the three months ended 31 March 2022 was U.S.$97.56, 
compared to U.S.$60.37 over the three months ended 31 March 2021. 
The population of the Kingdom was estimated by GASTAT to be 35.0 million as of 1 July 2020, representing an 
increase of 2.4 per cent. compared to 34.2 million as of 1 July 2019. According to SAMA data, Saudi nationals 
comprised 21.4 million, or 61.2 per cent. of the total population, and non-Saudi nationals comprised 13.6 million, 
or 38.8 per cent. of the total population as of 31 July 2020. The Kingdom has a young population, with 67 per 
cent. of Saudi nationals being under the age of 35 and 30.3 per cent. under the age of 15 according to GASTAT’s 
Saudi Youth in Numbers 2020 report. According to estimates by the IMF, the population of the Kingdom will 
continue to grow at a rate of 2 per cent. per annum. The IMF estimates that the Kingdom’s population will reach 
37.4 million by 2024 and approximately 43.2 million by 2050. 
Although the Saudi population is increasing, average household sizes are declining. Together with the population 
increase, the Kingdom has undergone rapid urbanisation in recent decades and, as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, over 83 per cent. of the total population of the Kingdom lives in cities, with approximately half the 
population being concentrated in the six largest cities of Riyadh, Jeddah, Makkah, Medina, Ta’if and Dammam. 
Average annual housing demand is anticipated to grow from 99,600 units in 2021 to 153,000 units by 2030 with 
an average of 124,000 units over the period. The housing market in the Kingdom is also currently witnessing an 
increase in public-private partnerships (PPPs) as part of the Government’s plan to attract more private sector 
investment in the housing sector. 
The Kingdom currently faces a shortage of availability in the housing sector, particularly in the low to mid income 
levels. According to estimates by the MoMRAH and the Real Estate Development Fund (the REDF), the 
Kingdom will require an additional 1.2 million homes over the next 10 years to reach a total housing stock of 4.96 
million units by 2030. In February 2016, SAMA increased the limit on real estate financing from 70 per cent. to 
85 per cent. of the value of a home (effectively reducing the minimum required down payment on a home from 
30 per cent. to 15 per cent.). In January 2017, SAMA further increased the limit on real estate financing provided 
by real estate financing companies from 85 per cent. to 90 per cent. of the value of a home (effectively reducing 
the minimum required down-payment on a home from 15 per cent. to 10 per cent.). The increase in the financing-
to-value ratio has had the effect of increasing the level of mortgage financing in the Kingdom which, in turn, has 
enhanced the Kingdom’s real estate sector.  
The real estate sector in the Kingdom, including the housing market, which is a large part of the real estate sector, 
is driven by positive economic developments as well as favourable demographic fundamentals. Notwithstanding 
the continued volatility in global oil prices, Dar Al-Arkan expects that continued growth in other sectors of the 
Kingdom’s economy is likely to drive continued growth in real estate development. 
The Kingdom’s housing market has benefitted significantly from a number of Government initiatives in recent 
years aimed at developing the sector and increasing house building and home ownership as well as initiatives

--- Page 133 ---
121 
 
 
designed to increase access to mortgage finance for home buyers, see “Overview of the Real Estate Sector in the 
Kingdom”. 
Management believes that the financing initiatives referred to above will continue to contribute to an increase in 
demand for housing in the Kingdom which, amongst other things, could raise the average selling price of 
residential units, including those sold under Dar Al-Arkan’s residential and commercial projects. 
For a more detailed discussion of macroeconomic and other trends in the Kingdom and the real estate development 
sector of the Kingdom, see “Overview of the Kingdom” and “Overview of the Real Estate Sector in the Kingdom”. 
As of 31 December 2021, Dar Al-Arkan’s development properties consisted of SAR 19.65 billion (U.S.$5.24 
billion) including project lands and properties of SAR 14.01 billion (U.S.$3.74 billion), all of which was valued 
on its balance sheet at cost. The majority of Dar Al-Arkan’s development properties are geographically diversified 
within the Kingdom.  
Number of land development projects sold 
Revenue from completed land development projects is generated mainly from the sale of land plots on which 
infrastructure has been developed to third parties for development by them (within an approved master plan in the 
case of master-planned community developments). Dar Al-Arkan recognises revenue for the total sale price of 
land at the time of the legal completion of the sale, which is when the sale contract is signed. Typically, a minimum 
20 per cent., non-refundable, deposit is received from the buyer at the time the sale contract is signed. The balance 
of the sale price is typically paid within a three- to 12-month period after the sale contract is signed. Revenue from 
land development projects may vary from period to period depending on the number and timing of sale contracts 
signed during a given period. 
Revenue from off-plan sales 
In addition, Dar Al-Arkan is increasingly adopting off-plan sales programmes to market and sell its developments. 
The revenue from off-plan sales is used to subsequently develop and complete properties for the duration of their 
construction and development contracts. The revenue and cost of such developments are recognised in proportion 
to the performed stages of completion against the total contractual obligations agreed pursuant to the relevant sale 
contract (including variation, claims and incentives) at the end of each reporting period in accordance with IFRS 
15. 
Number and type of residential units delivered to buyers 
Revenue from completed residential and commercial projects is generated from the sale of residential and 
commercial units. Dar Al-Arkan recognises revenue from the sale of residential and commercial units when it 
delivers a completed residential or commercial unit to a buyer. Revenue from residential and commercial projects 
may vary from period to period depending on the number and type of units delivered during a given period. 
Dar Al-Arkan’s master-planned communities contain more residential and commercial units than its past projects 
but they also have longer development cycles than past projects. In addition, Dar Al-Arkan has continued to 
expand its business to include asset management by retaining certain residential and commercial units on its 
master-planned communities as rental properties. Dar Al-Arkan has retained 801 units of residential property and, 
as of 31 March 2022, 91 per cent. of these units had been rented. The longer development cycles of master-planned 
communities and the mix of residential and commercial units delivered for sale and retained as rental properties 
on master-planned communities may result in fluctuations in revenue from residential and commercial projects 
from period to period.  
Revenue from residential and commercial projects may also fluctuate from period to period due to the market 
segment targeted by different projects and the type of units contained on projects. Certain of Dar Al-Arkan’s 
residential and commercial projects are targeted toward the higher end of the middle-income segment, while others 
are targeted towards the lower end of the middle-income segment. Dar Al-Arkan’s projects may also contain 
different mixes of residential units, such as various types of villas and apartments. Villas typically generate a 
higher average selling price per unit than apartments. 
Revenue from land development projects and residential and commercial projects 
Revenue from land development projects and residential and commercial projects may vary from period to period 
depending on the location of land sold and the location of the residential and commercial projects in which

--- Page 134 ---
122 
 
 
residential units are sold during a given period. Sale prices can vary depending on a number of factors relating to 
the location of land for residential and commercial projects, infrastructure development status, size of the property 
offered, the region in which they are located and their proximity to, or location within, major cities.  
Cost of land and construction 
Dar Al-Arkan’s cost of revenue primarily consists of land acquisition costs and amounts paid to contractors. Dar 
Al-Arkan recognises cost of revenue for its land development projects and residential and commercial projects in 
the same periods in which it recognises revenue from sales from the related projects. Therefore, cost of revenue 
for a particular period may include costs incurred in prior periods. Dar Al-Arkan generally contracts to develop 
residential and commercial projects in different phases, which limits its overall cost exposure to projects and 
provides flexibility to react to market demands in the development of projects. Amounts paid to contractors are 
affected by construction costs, such as costs of labour and costs of construction materials. Dar Al-Arkan’s cost of 
revenue and gross profit may fluctuate from period to period due to volatility in such construction costs. 
In recent years, volatility in construction costs has affected Dar Al-Arkan’s cost of revenue from period to period. 
However, such volatility has not affected negatively gross profit during these periods as Dar Al-Arkan was 
generally able to reflect the cost increases in its sale prices. Management expects continued volatility in 
construction costs and this could cause period to period fluctuations in cost of revenue and gross profit. 
Mix of property development projects and residential and commercial projects 
Due to the cost of inputs associated with completing land development projects relative to those required for 
developing residential and commercial projects, the gross margins from land development projects tend to be 
higher than gross margins from residential and commercial projects. As a result, Dar Al-Arkan’s gross margins 
may fluctuate from period to period depending on the mix of revenue and cost of revenue recognised from land 
development projects and residential and commercial projects during the periods. 
Results of operations 
The following tables set forth certain summary financial data for the years ended 31 December 2019, 2020 and 
2021 and for the three months ended 31 March 2021 and 2022. 
 
Year ended 31 December (Audited) 
 
2019 
2020 
2021 
 
SAR ’000 
Revenue .............................................................  
3,491,856 
1,944,854 
2,493,078 
Cost of revenue..................................................  
(2,667,416) 
(1,270,204) 
(1,596,350) 
Gross profit ......................................................  
824,440 
674,650 
896,728 
General and administrative expenses  ...............  
(174,787) 
(171,332) 
(211,945) 
Operating profit ...............................................  
649,653 
503,318 
684,783 
Finance costs .....................................................  
(478,418) 
(645,883) 
(662,977) 
Other income, net  .............................................  
133,269 
143,361 
93,888 
Share of net profits from associates and joint 
ventures  ............................................................  
7,885 
 
18,583 
 
19,748 
Profit before zakat ...........................................  
312,389 
19,379 
135,442 
Zakat provisions and expenses  .........................  
(7,799) 
(585) 
(2,922) 
Net profit for the year .....................................  
304,590 
18,794 
132,520 
Other comprehensive income .........................  
(435) 
(2,102) 
930 
Total comprehensive income for the year .....  
304,155 
16,692 
133,450 
Total comprehensive income attributable to: 
 
 
 
Dar Al-Arkan shareholders ...............................  
304,155 
16,692 
133,450

--- Page 135 ---
123 
 
 
 
 
Three months ended 31 March (Reviewed) 
 
2021 
2022 
 
SAR ’000 
Revenue .............................................................  
554,836 
1,619,339
Cost of revenue..................................................  
(350,297) 
(1,056,560)
Gross profit ......................................................  
204,539 
562,779
General and administrative expenses  ...............  
(37,368) 
(63,693)
Operating profit ...............................................  
167,171 
499,086
Finance costs .....................................................  
(166,133) 
(152,851)
Other income, net  .............................................  
24,684 
16,108
Share of net profits from associates and joint 
ventures  ............................................................  
 
3,526 
1,614
Profit before zakat ...........................................  
29,248 
363,957
Zakat provisions and expenses ..........................  
(731) 
(142,939)
Net profit for the period ..................................  
28,517 
221,018
Other comprehensive income .........................  
- 
-
Total comprehensive income for the period ..  
28,517 
221,018
Total comprehensive income attributable to: 
 
Dar Al-Arkan shareholders ...............................  
28,517 
221,018
The following table sets forth certain summary financial data relating to Dar Al-Arkan’s revenue, cost of revenue 
and gross profit by type: Sale of Development Properties, Sale of Residential Properties and Leasing of Properties, 
for the year ended 31 December 2019, 2020 and 2021. 
 
Year ended 31 December (Audited) 
 
2019 
2020 
2021 
 
(SAR ’000, unless otherwise indicated) 
Sale of Development Properties revenue ...... 
3,208,652 
1,625,976 
2,261,135 
Contribution to total revenue (per cent.) ....... 
91.89  
83.60 
90.70 
Sale of Residential Properties revenue .......... 
141,562 
186,403 
118,321 
Contribution to total revenue (per cent.) ....... 
4.05 
9.58 
4.75 
Leasing of Properties revenue ....................... 
141,642 
132,475 
113,622 
Contribution to total revenue (per cent.) ....... 
4.06 
6.81 
4.56 
Total revenue from operations................... 
3,491,856 
1,944,854 
2,493,078 
Sale of Development Properties cost of 
revenue ......................................................... 
2,495,670 
1,066,625 
1,462,187 
Sale of Residential Properties cost of 
revenue ......................................................... 
126,716 
158,575 
97,136 
Leasing of Properties cost of revenue ........... 
45,030 
45,004 
37,027 
Total cost of revenue ................................... 
2,667,416 
1,270,204 
1,596,350 
Gross profit for Sale of Development 
Properties ...................................................... 
712,982 
559,351 
798,948 
Gross profit for Residential Properties .......... 
14,846 
27,828 
21,185 
Gross profit for Leasing of Properties ........... 
96,612 
87,471 
76,595 
Total gross profit ........................................ 
824,440 
674,650 
896,728 
Gross margin for Sale of Development 
Properties (per cent.) .................................... 
22.22 
34.40 
35.33  
Gross margin for Sale of Residential 
Properties (per cent.) .................................... 
10.49 
14.93 
17.90

--- Page 136 ---
124 
 
 
 
Year ended 31 December (Audited) 
 
2019 
2020 
2021 
 
(SAR ’000, unless otherwise indicated) 
Gross margin for Leasing of Properties (per 
cent.) ............................................................. 
68.21 
66.03 
67.41 
Total gross margin (per cent.) .................... 
23.61 
34.69 
35.97 
The following table sets forth certain summary financial data relating to Dar Al-Arkan’s revenue, cost of revenue 
and gross profit by type: Sale of Development Properties, Sale of Residential Properties and Leasing of Properties, 
for the three months ended 31 March 2021 and 2022. 
 
Three months ended 31 March (Reviewed) 
 
2021 
2022 
 
(SAR ’000, unless otherwise indicated) 
Sale of Development Properties 
revenue .................................................. 
480,720 
1,517,191 
Contribution to total revenue (per cent.) 
86.64 
93.69 
Sale of Residential Properties revenue .. 
43,941 
75,048 
Contribution to total revenue (per cent.) 
7.92 
4.64 
Leasing of Properties revenue ............... 
30,175 
27,100 
Contribution to total revenue (per cent.) 
5.44 
1.67 
Total revenue from operations ........... 
554,836 
1,619,339 
Sale of Development Properties cost of 
revenue .................................................. 
303,754 
992,868 
Sale of Residential Properties cost of 
revenue .................................................. 
35,329 
55,125 
Leasing of Properties cost of revenue .... 
11,214 
8,567 
Total cost of revenue ........................... 
350,297 
1,056,560 
Gross profit for Sale of Development 
Properties ............................................... 
176,966 
524,323 
Gross profit for Residential Properties .. 
8,612 
19,923 
Gross profit for Leasing of Properties ... 
18,961 
18,533 
Total gross profit ................................. 
204,539 
562,779 
Gross margin for Sale of Development 
Properties (per cent.) ............................. 
36.81 
34.56 
Gross margin for Sale of Residential 
Properties (per cent.) ............................. 
19.60 
26.55 
Gross margin for Leasing of Properties 
(per cent.) .............................................. 
62.84 
68.39 
Total gross margin (per cent.) ............. 
36.86 
34.75 
The following tables set forth certain additional data relating to the Sale of Development Properties and Sale of 
Residential Properties, for the years ended 31 December 2019, 2020 and 2021, and for the three months ended 31 
March 2021 and 2022.

--- Page 137 ---
125 
 
 
 
Year ended 31 December (Audited) 
 
2019 
2020 
2021 
Sale of Development Properties 
 
 
 
Weighted average selling price/sq. m 
(SAR)(1) ................................................  
235 
566 
1,165 
Weighted average cost of revenue/sq. 
m (SAR) ...............................................  
184 
374 
753 
Sale of Residential Properties 
 
 
 
Units sold .............................................  
183 
253 
230 
Average selling price of units sold 
(SAR ’000) ...........................................  
771 
737 
514 
Average costs of units sold (SAR ’000)  
692 
627 
422 
 
 
 
Note: 
(1) 
Weighted average selling price/sq. m is calculated as the total value of each development property divided by the total square 
 
metres sold in respect of the relevant year. 
 
 
Three months ended 31 March (Reviewed) 
 
2021 
2022 
Sale of Development Properties 
 
 
Weighted average selling price/sq. m (SAR)(1)
 ................................................................ 
1008 
1,063 
Weighted average cost of revenue/sq. m (SAR)
 ................................................................ 
637 
655 
Sale of Residential Properties 
 
 
Units sold ................................................ 
73 
93 
Average selling price of units sold (SAR ’000)
 ................................................................ 
602 
409 
Average costs of units sold (SAR ’000) .. 
484 
352 
 
 
 
Note: 
(1) 
Weighted average selling price/sq. m is calculated as the total value of each development property divided by the total square 
metres sold in respect of the relevant period. 
 
Results of operations for the three months ended 31 March 2022 compared to the three months ended 31 
March 2021 
Revenue 
Total revenue for the three months ended 31 March 2022 was SAR 1.62 billion (U.S.$431.82 million), a 191.86 
per cent. increase compared to total revenue of SAR 555 million (U.S.$147.96 million) for the three months ended 
31 March 2021. This increase was due to an increase in property sales and initial recognition of revenue for off-
plan sales projects Shams Ar Riyadh and Urban Oasis by Missoni during the three months ended 31 March 2022 
compared to the three months ended 31 March 2021.  
Revenue from the Sale of Development Properties for the three months ended 31 March 2022 was SAR 1.52 
billion (U.S.$404.58 million), a 215.61 per cent. increase compared to revenue from the Sale of Development

--- Page 138 ---
126 
 
 
Properties of SAR 480.72 million (U.S.$128.19 million) for the three months ended 31 March 2021. This increase 
was primarily driven by higher volumes of development properties sold and the initial recognition of revenue in 
accordance with IFRS 15 for plots sold under off-plan arrangements in Shams Ar Riyadh during the three months 
ended 31 March 2022 compared to the three months ended 31 March 2021. There was no comparable off-plan 
revenue during the three months ended 31 March 2021.  
Revenue from the Sale of Residential Properties for the three months ended 31 March 2022 was SAR 75.05 
million (U.S.$20.01 million), a 70.79 per cent. increase compared to revenue from the Sale of Residential 
Properties of SAR 43.94 million (U.S.$11.72 million) for the three months ended 31 March 2021. This increase 
was primarily due to initial recognition of revenue in accordance with IFRS 15 for plots sold under off-plan 
arrangements in the Urban Oasis by Missoni tower. There was no comparable off-plan revenue during the three 
months ended 31 March 2021. 
Revenue from the Leasing of Properties decreased in the three months ended 31 March 2022 to SAR 27.10 million 
(U.S.$7.23 million), a 10.19 per cent. decrease compared to revenue from the Leasing of Properties of SAR 30.18 
million (U.S.$8.05 million) for the three months ended 31 March 2021. This decrease was primarily due to the 
non-renewal of the long-term lease in respect of Dar Al Mashaer Towers (previously Azizia Towers) which 
expired in April 2021 in order to refurbish the property ahead of a future sale. 
Cost of Revenue 
Total cost of revenue for the three months ended 31 March 2022 was SAR 1.06 billion (U.S.$281.75 million), a 
201.62 per cent. increase compared to total cost of revenue of SAR 350.30 million (U.S.$93.41 million) for the 
three months ended 31 March 2021. This increase in the total cost of revenue was consistent with the related 
increase in revenue during the three months ended 31 March 2022. 
The cost of revenue for the Sale of Development Properties for the three months ended 31 March 2022 was SAR 
992.87 million (U.S.$264.76 million), a 226.87 per cent. increase compared to the cost of revenue for the Sale of 
Development Properties of SAR 303.75 million (U.S.$81.01 million) for the three months ended 31 March 2021. 
The increase in the cost of revenue for the Sale of Development Properties was due to higher volumes sold of 
Development Properties and reflected the costs allocated in respect of the revenue recognised from off-plan sales 
arrangements in relation to the Shams Ar Riyadh project during the three months ended 31 March 2022 compared 
to the three months ended 31 March 2021. There was no comparable off-plan cost allocation in respect of the 
three months ended 31 March 2021. 
The cost of revenue for the Sale of Residential Properties for the three months ended 31 March 2022 was SAR 
55.13 million (U.S.$14.70 million), a 56.03 per cent. increase compared to the cost of revenue for the Sale of 
Residential Properties of SAR 35.33 million (U.S.$9.42 million) for the three months ended 31 March 2021. This 
increase was primarily due to higher volumes sold of Development Properties and reflected the costs allocated in 
respect of the revenue recognised from off-plan sales arrangements in relation to the Urban Oasis by Missoni 
tower during the three months ended 31 March 2022. There was no comparable off-plan cost allocation in respect 
of the three months ended 31 March 2021.  
The cost of revenue for the Leasing of Properties for the three months ended 31 March 2022 was SAR 8.57 million 
(U.S.$2.28 million), a 23.60 per cent. decrease compared to the cost of revenue for the Leasing of Properties of 
SAR 11.21 million (U.S.$2.99 million) for the three months ended 31 March 2021. This decrease in the total cost 
of revenue was consistent with the related decrease in revenue from the Leasing of Properties during the three 
months ended 31 March 2022 which was primarily due to the reallocation of the Dar Al Mashaer Towers as an 
investment property for leasing to a property available for sale following the expiry of the long-term lease in 
respect of this development in April 2021. 
Gross Profit 
Total gross profit for the three months ended 31 March 2022 was SAR 562.78 million (U.S.$150.07 million), a 
175.14 per cent. increase compared to total gross profit of SAR 204.54 million (U.S.$54.54 million) for the three 
months ended 31 March 2021. This increase was primarily due to higher properties sales in the three months 
ended 31 March 2022. 
Gross profit from the Sale of Development Properties for the three months ended 31 March 2022 was SAR 524.32 
million (U.S.$139.82 million), a 196.28 per cent. increase compared to gross profit from the Sale of Development 
Properties of SAR 176.97 million (U.S.$47.19 million) for the three months ended 31 March 2021. This increase 
was mainly due to higher volumes of sales of Development Properties and the initial recognition of revenue in

--- Page 139 ---
127 
 
 
accordance with IFRS 15 in respect of the Shams Ar Riyadh project during the three months ended 31 March 
2022. 
Gross profit from the Sale of Residential Properties for the three months ended 31 March 2022 was SAR 19.92 
million (U.S.$5.31 million), a 131.34 per cent. increase compared to gross profit from the Sale of Residential 
Properties of SAR 8.61 million (U.S.$2.30 million) for the three months ended 31 March 2021. This increase was 
primarily due to the initial recognition of revenue in accordance with IFRS 15 in respect of the Urban Oasis by 
Missoni tower during the three months ended 31 March 2022. 
Gross profit from the Leasing of Properties for the three months ended 31 March 2022 was SAR 18.53 million 
(U.S.$4.94 million), a 2.26 per cent. decrease compared to the gross profit from the Leasing of Properties of SAR 
18.96 million (U.S.$5.06 million) for the three months ended 31 March 2021. This decrease was primarily due to 
the non-renewal of the lease in respect of the Dar Al Mashaer Towers following its expiry in April 2021.  
General and administrative expenses 
General and administrative expenses for the three months ended 31 March 2022 were SAR 63.69 million 
(U.S.$16.98 million), a 70.45 per cent. increase compared to general and administrative expenses of SAR 37.37 
million (U.S.$9.97 million) for the three months ended 31 March 2021. This increase was due to an increase in 
employee-related costs, marketing expenses, professional fees and maintenance expenses. 
Operating Profit 
Reflecting the above factors, operating profit for the three months ended 31 March 2022 was SAR 499.09 million 
(U.S.$133.09 million), a 198.55 per cent. increase compared to SAR 167.17 million (U.S.$44.58 million) in the 
three months ended 31 March 2021.  
Finance Costs 
Finance costs for the three months ended 31 March 2022 were SAR 152.85 million (U.S.$40.76 million), a 7.99 
per cent. decrease compared to SAR 166.13 million (U.S.$44.30 million) for the three months ended 31 March 
2021. This decrease was primarily due to the completed amortisation of previously outstanding facilities and no 
new facilities being taken out in their place. This, in turn, reduced Dar Al-Arkan’s finance costs in the three 
months ended 31 March 2022. The total weighted average effective annual commission rate on Dar Al-Arkan’s 
total financing facilities was 6.18 per cent. for the three months ended 31 March 2022, a 0.32 per cent. increase 
compared to the weighted average effective annual commission rate of 6.16 per cent. during the three months 
ended 31 March 2021. 
Other Income, Net 
Other income, net for the three months ended 31 March 2022 was SAR 16.11 million (U.S.$4.29 million), a 34.74 
per cent. decrease compared to SAR 24.68 million (U.S.$6.58 million) in the three months ended 31 March 2021. 
This decrease principally reflected a decrease in short-term Murabaha deposits made in the three months ended 
31 March 2022 compared to the three months ended 31 March 2021 when, due to the uncertainties caused by the 
COVID-19 pandemic, Dar Al-Arkan elected to place additional cash in short-term Murabaha deposit instruments. 
Share of Net Profits from Associates and Joint Ventures 
Share of net profits from associates and joint ventures for the three months ended 31 March 2022 was SAR 1.61 
million (U.S.$0.43 million), a 54.23 per cent. decrease compared to SAR 3.53 million (U.S.$0.94 million) for the 
three months ended 31 March 2021. 
Profit Before Zakat 
Reflecting the above factors, profit before zakat for the three months ended 31 March 2022 was SAR 363.96 
million (U.S.$97.06 million), a 1,144.38 per cent. increase compared to SAR 29.25 million (U.S.$7.80 million) 
in the three months ended 31 March 2021. 
Zakat Provisions and Expenses 
Zakat provisions and expenses for the three months ended 31 March 2022 was SAR 142.94 million (U.S.$38.12 
million), a 19,453.90 per cent. increase compared to SAR 0.73 million (U.S.$0.19 million) for the three months

--- Page 140 ---
128 
 
 
ended 31 March 2021. This increase was primarily due to Zakat paid and accrued against previous periods’ Zakat 
assessments amounting to SAR 133.84 million (U.S.$35.69 million).  
Net Profit for the Period 
Reflecting the above factors, net profit for the period for the three months ended 31 March 2022 was SAR 221.02 
million (U.S.$58.94 million), a 675.04 per cent. increase compared to SAR 28.52 million (U.S.$7.61 million) for 
the three months ended 31 March 2021.  
Results of operations for the year ended 31 December 2021 compared to the year ended 31 December 
2020 
Revenue 
Total revenue for the year ended 31 December 2021 was SAR 2.49 billion (U.S.$0.66 billion), a 28.19 per cent. 
increase compared to total revenue of SAR 1.94 billion (U.S.$0.52 billion) for the year ended 31 December 2020. 
This increase was primarily a result of an increase in revenue from the Sale of Development Properties which was 
driven by higher volumes of development properties sold during the year ended 31 December 2021 compared to 
the year ended 31 December 2020. 
Revenue from the Sale of Development Properties for the year ended 31 December 2021 was SAR 2.26 billion 
(U.S.$0.60 billion), a 38.65 per cent. increase compared to revenue from the Sale of Development Properties of 
SAR 1.63 billion (U.S.$0.43 billion) for the year ended 31 December 2020.  
Revenue from the Sale of Residential Properties for the year ended 31 December 2021 was SAR 118.32 million 
(U.S.$31.55 million), a 36.52 per cent. decrease compared to revenue from the Sale of Residential Properties of 
SAR 186.40 million (U.S.$49.71 million) for the year ended 31 December 2020. This decrease was primarily due 
to a decrease in the volume of residential units sold during the year ended 31 December 2021 compared to the 
year ended 31 December 2020. 
Revenue from the Leasing of Properties also decreased in the year ended 31 December 2021 to SAR 113.62 
million (U.S.$30.30 million), a decrease of 14.23 per cent. compared to revenue from the Leasing of Properties 
of SAR 132.48 million (U.S.$35.33 million) for the year ended 31 December 2020. This decrease was primarily 
due to the expiration in April 2021 of a lease agreement in relation to the whole of Dar Al Mashaer Towers 
(previously Azizia Towers) in Makkah. The lease agreement was not renewed because the property is being fully 
refurbished with a view to selling the asset. Excluding the Dar Al Mashaer Towers lease agreement, rental 
revenues would have increased by 10.48 per cent. in the year ended 31 December 2021 compared to the previous 
year. 
Cost of Revenue 
Total cost of revenue for the year ended 31 December 2021 was SAR 1.60 billion (U.S.$0.43 billion), a 25.68 per 
cent. increase compared to total cost of revenue of SAR 1.27 billion (U.S.$0.34 billion) for the year ended 31 
December 2020. This increase in the total cost of revenue was consistent with the related increase in revenue 
during the year ended 31 December 2021. 
The cost of revenue for the Sale of Development Properties for the year ended 31 December 2021 was SAR 1.46 
billion (U.S.$0.39 billion), a 36.45 per cent. increase compared to the cost of revenue for the Sale of Development 
Properties of SAR 1.07 billion (U.S.$0.28 billion) for the year ended 31 December 2020. The increase in the cost 
of revenue for the Sale of Development Properties was primarily due to higher volumes sold of Development 
Properties during the year ended 31 December 2021 compared to the year ended 31 December 2020.  
The cost of revenue for the Sale of Residential Properties for the year ended 31 December 2021 was SAR 97.14 
million (U.S.$25.90 million), a 38.74 per cent. decrease compared to the cost of revenue for the Sale of Residential 
Properties of SAR 158.58 million (U.S.$42.29 million) for the year ended 31 December 2020. This decrease was 
primarily due to a lower number of residential units being sold during 2021. 
The cost of revenue for the Leasing of Properties for the year ended 31 December 2021 was SAR 37.03 million 
(U.S.$9.87 million), a 17.71 per cent. decrease compared to the cost of revenue for the Leasing of Properties of 
SAR 45.00 million (U.S.$12.00 million) for the year ended 31 December 2020. This decrease was consistent with 
the lower revenue from the Leasing of Properties in 2021 as Dar Al Mashaer Towers was repossessed for 
refurbishment in April 2021 with a view to completing a future sale of the asset.

--- Page 141 ---
129 
 
 
Gross Profit 
Total gross profit for the year ended 31 December 2021 was SAR 896.73 million (U.S.$239.13 million), a 32.92 
per cent. increase compared to total gross profit of SAR 674.65 million (U.S.$179.91 million) for the year ended 
31 December 2020. This increase was primarily due to an increase in gross profit from Sale of Development 
Properties. 
Gross profit from the Sale of Development Properties for the year ended 31 December 2021 was SAR 798.95 
million (U.S.$213.05 million), a 42.84 per cent. increase compared to gross profit from the Sale of Development 
Properties of SAR 559.35 million (U.S.$149.16 million) for the year ended 31 December 2020. This increase was 
mainly due to higher volumes of sales of Development Properties during the year ended 31 December 2021. 
Gross profit from the Sale of Residential Properties for the year ended 31 December 2021 was SAR 21.19 million 
(U.S.$5.65 million), a 23.86 per cent. decrease compared to gross profit from the Sale of Residential Properties 
of SAR 27.83 million (U.S.$7.42 million) for the year ended 31 December 2020. This decrease was primarily due 
to a decrease in the volume of sales of residential units during the year ended 31 December 2021. 
Gross profit from the Leasing of Properties for the year ended 31 December 2021 was SAR 76.59 million 
(U.S.$20.42 million), a 12.44 per cent. decrease compared to the gross profit from the Leasing of Properties of 
SAR 87.47 million (U.S.$23.33 million) for the year ended 31 December 2020. This decrease was primarily due 
to a decrease in revenue from Leasing of Properties as discussed above in the analysis of Dar Al-Arkan’s revenue.  
General and Administrative Expenses 
General and administrative expenses for the year ended 31 December 2021 were SAR 211.95 million (U.S.$56.52 
million), a 23.71 per cent. increase compared to general and administrative expenses of SAR 171.33 million 
(U.S.$45.69 million) for the year ended 31 December 2020. This increase was primarily due to an increase in 
marketing expenses, professional fees and maintenance costs. The majority of this increase was non-recurring and 
due to several discrete events. 
Operating Profit 
Reflecting the above factors, operating profit for the year ended 31 December 2021 was SAR 684.78 million 
(U.S.$182.61 million), a 36.05 per cent. increase compared to SAR 503.32 million (U.S.$134.22 million) in the 
year ended 31 December 2020.  
Finance Costs 
Finance costs for the year ended 31 December 2021 were SAR 662.98 million (U.S.$176.79 million), a 2.65 per 
cent. increase compared to SAR 645.88 million (U.S.$172.23 million) for the year ended 31 December 2020. This 
increase was primarily due to new credit facilities availed by Dar Al-Arkan during the course of 2020, the full 
impact of which was observed in the year ended 31 December 2021. The increase in finance costs during the year 
ended 31 December 2021 was also attributable to the increase in SAIBOR during the year ended 31 December 
2021. These impacts were offset by lower transaction amortisation costs in the year ended 31 December 2021 
compared to the year ended 31 December 2020, which were driven by the reduced transaction costs associated 
with bilateral facilities. 
Other Income, Net 
Other income, net for the year ended 31 December 2021 was SAR 93.89 million (U.S.$25.04 million), a 34.51 
per cent. decrease compared to SAR 143.36 million (U.S.$38.23 million) for the year ended 31 December 2020. 
This decrease principally reflected a decrease in short-term Murabaha deposits made in 2021 compared to 2020 
when, due to the uncertainties caused by the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020, Dar Al-Arkan elected to place 
additional cash in short-term Murabaha deposit instruments. 
Share of Net Profits from Associates and Joint Ventures 
Share of net profits from associates and joint ventures for the year ended 31 December 2021 was SAR 19.75 
million (U.S.$5.27 million), a 6.30 per cent. increase compared to SAR 18.58 million (U.S.$4.95 million) for the 
year ended 31 December 2020.

--- Page 142 ---
130 
 
 
Profit Before Zakat 
Reflecting the above factors, profit before zakat for the year ended 31 December 2021 was SAR 135.44 million 
(U.S.$36.12 million), a 598.91 per cent. increase compared to SAR 19.38 million (U.S.$5.17 million) in the year 
ended 31 December 2020. 
Zakat Provisions and Expenses 
Zakat provisions and expenses for the year ended 31 December 2021 were SAR 2.92 million (U.S.$0.53 million), 
a 399.49 per cent. increase compared to SAR 0.59 million (U.S.$0.15 million) for the year ended 31 December 
2020. This increase was mainly due to an increase in the profit before zakat for the year ended 31 December 2021 
resulting in more zakat becoming payable compared to the year ended 31 December 2020. 
Net Profit for the Year 
Reflecting the above factors, net profit for the year for the year ended 31 December 2021 was SAR 132.52 million 
(U.S.$35.59 million), a 605.11 per cent. increase compared to SAR 18.79 million (U.S.$5.01 million) in the year 
ended 31 December 2020. 
Results of operations for the year ended 31 December 2020 compared to the year ended 31 December 
2019 
Revenue 
Total revenue for the year ended 31 December 2020 was SAR 1.94 billion (U.S.$0.52 billion), a 44.30 per cent. 
decrease compared to total revenue of SAR 3.49 billion (U.S.$0.93 million) for the year ended 31 December 2019. 
The decrease was mainly attributable to a decrease in revenue from the sale of development properties. 
Revenue from the Sale of Development Properties for the year ended 31 December 2020 was SAR 1.63 billion 
(U.S.$0.43 billion), a 49.22 per cent. decrease compared to revenue from the Sale of Development Properties SAR 
3.21 billion (U.S.$0.86 billion) for the year ended 31 December 2019. The decrease was due to a decrease in the 
total area of land sold compared to prior year which corresponded to the decline in market demand for land in the 
Kingdom generally during the year ended 31 December 2020 due to COVID-19 related circumstances.  
Revenue from the Sale of Residential Properties for the year ended 31 December 2020 was SAR 186.40 million 
(U.S.$49.71 million), an increase of 31.68 per cent. compared to revenue from the Sale of Residential Properties 
of SAR 141.56 million (U.S.$37.75 million) for the year ended 31 December 2019. This increase resulted from 
the higher number of residential units sold compared to the previous year. 
Revenue from the Leasing of Properties decreased in the year ended 31 December 2020 to SAR 132.48 million 
(U.S.$35.33 million), a decrease of 6.47 per cent. compared to revenue from the Leasing of Properties of SAR 
141.64 million (U.S.$37.77 million) for the year ended 31 December 2019. This decrease was primarily due to 
discounts and incentives extended to tenants as a result of COVID-19 enforced lockdowns. 
Cost of Revenue 
The total cost of revenue for the year ended 31 December 2020 was SAR 1.27 billion (U.S.$0.34 billion), a 52.38 
per cent. decrease compared to total cost of revenue of SAR 2.67 billion (U.S.$0.71 billion) for the year ended 
31 December 2019. This decrease in the total cost of revenue was consistent with the decrease in total revenue in 
the year ended 31 December 2020. 
The cost of revenue for the Sale of Development Properties for the year ended 31 December 2020 was SAR 1.07 
billion (U.S.$0.29 billion), a 57.03 per cent. decrease compared to the cost of revenue for the Sale of Development 
Properties of SAR 2.49 billion (U.S.$0.66 billion) for the year ended 31 December 2019. This decrease was 
primarily due to the decrease in the total area of land sold in the year ended 31 December 2020. 
The costs of revenue for the Sale of Residential Properties for the year ended 31 December 2020 was SAR 158.58 
million (U.S.$42.29 million), a 25.14 per cent. increase compared to the cost of revenue for the Sale of 
Development Properties of SAR 126.72 million (U.S.$33.79 million) for the year ended 31 December 2019. This 
increase was due to the higher number of residential units sold compared to the year ended 31 December 2019.

--- Page 143 ---
131 
 
 
The cost of revenue for the Leasing of Properties for the year ended 31 December 2020 was SAR 45.00 million 
(U.S.$12.00 million) which was consistent with the cost of revenue for the Leasing of Properties of SAR 45.03 
million (U.S.$12.01 million) for the year ended 31 December 2019.  
Gross Profit 
Total gross profit for the year ended 31 December 2020 was SAR 674.65 million (U.S.$179.91 million), a 18.17 
per cent. decrease compared to total gross profit of SAR 824.44 million (U.S.$219.85 million) for the year ended 
31 December 2019. This decrease was primarily due to the decrease in gross profit from the Sale of Development 
Properties. 
Gross profit from the Sale of Development Properties for the year ended 31 December 2020 was SAR 559.35 
million (U.S.$149.16 million), a 21.55 per cent. decrease compared to gross profit from the Sale of Development 
Properties of SAR 712.98 million (U.S.$190.13 million) for the year ended 31 December 2019. This decrease was 
primarily due to a decrease in revenue from the Sale of Development Properties in the year ended 31 December 
2020 compared to the year ended 31 December 2019 as discussed above. Despite the reduction in gross profit in 
absolute terms during the year ended 31 December 2020, gross margins improved compared to the year ended 31 
December 2019 due to price increases passed onto customers in respect of Sale of Development Properties. 
Gross profit from the Sale of Residential Properties for the year ended 31 December 2020 was SAR 27.83 million 
(U.S.$7.42 million), a 87.41 per cent. increase compared to gross profit from the Sale of Residential Properties of 
SAR 14.85 million (U.S.$3.96 million) for the year ended 31 December 2019. The increase was due to the increase 
in sales as discussed above. 
Gross profit from the Leasing of Properties for the year ended 31 December 2020 was SAR 87.47 million 
(U.S.$23.33 million), a 9.46 per cent. decrease compared to the gross profit from the Leasing of Properties of 
SAR 96.61 million (U.S.$25.76 million) for the year ended 31 December 2019. This decrease was primarily due 
to discounts extended to tenants as a result of COVID-19 enforced lockdowns.  
General and Administrative Expenses 
General and administrative expenses for the year ended 31 December 2020 were SAR 171.33 million (U.S.$45.69 
million), a 1.98 per cent. decrease compared to general and administrative expenses of SAR 174.79 million 
(U.S.$46.61 million) for the year ended 31 December 2019. 
Operating Profit 
Operating profit for the year ended 31 December 2020 was SAR 503.32 million (U.S.$134.22 million), a 22.52 
per cent. decrease compared to SAR 649.65 million (U.S.$173.24 million) in the year ended 31 December 2019. 
This was attributable mainly to a decrease in gross profit from the Sale of Development Properties in the year 
ended 31 December 2020. 
Finance Costs 
Finance costs for the year ended 31 December 2020 were SAR 645.88 million (U.S.$172.23 million), a 35.00 per 
cent. increase compared to SAR 478.42 million (U.S.$127.58 million) for the year ended 31 December 2019. This 
increase was primarily attributable to the issuance of SAR 2.25 billion (U.S.$600 million) Trust Certificates in 
October 2019 and SAR 1.50 billion (U.S.$400 million) Trust Certificates in February 2020. The total weighted 
average effective annual commission rate on Dar Al-Arkan’s total financing facilities was 6.71 per cent. for the 
year ended 31 December 2020, a 2.04 per cent. decrease compared to the weighted average effective annual 
commission rate of 6.85 per cent. during the year ended 31 December 2019. 
Other Income, Net 
Other income, net for the year ended 31 December 2020 was SAR 143.36 million (U.S.$38.23 million), a 7.55 
per cent. increase compared to SAR 133.30 million (U.S.$35.55 million) for the year ended 31 December 2019. 
This increase principally reflected an increase in short-term Murabaha deposits made in 2020 compared to 2019 
when, due to the uncertainties caused by the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020, Dar Al-Arkan sought to increase its 
income.

--- Page 144 ---
132 
 
 
Share of Net Profits from Associates and Joint Ventures 
Share of net profits from associates and joint ventures for the year ended 31 December 2020 was SAR 18.58 
million (U.S.$4.95 million), a 135.49 per cent. increase compared to SAR 7.89 million (U.S.$2.10 million) for 
the year ended 31 December 2019. 
Profit Before Zakat 
Reflecting the above factors, profit before zakat for the year ended 31 December 2020 was SAR 19.38 million 
(U.S.$5.17 million), a 93.80 per cent. decrease compared to SAR 312.39 million (U.S.$83.30 million) in the year 
ended 31 December 2019. 
Zakat Provisions and Expenses 
Zakat provisions and expenses for the year ended 31 December 2020 was SAR 0.59 million (U.S.$0.16 million), 
a 92.50 per cent. decrease compared to SAR 7.80 million (U.S.$2.08 million) for the year ended 31 December 
2019. The decrease was directly related to the significant decrease in the profit before zakat for the year ended 
31 December 2020, resulting in lower zakat becoming payable compared to 2019. 
Net Profit for the Year 
Reflecting the above factors, net profit for the year for the year ended 31 December 2020 was SAR 18.79 million 
(U.S.$5.01 million), a 93.83 per cent. decrease compared to SAR 304.59 million (U.S.$81.22 million) in the year 
ended 31 December 2019. 
Analysis of Certain Consolidated Statement of Financial Position Items 
Assets 
Dar Al-Arkan’s principal assets are its development properties, its trade receivables and others and its cash and 
cash equivalents which, together, accounted for 92.37 per cent. of its total assets as of 31 March 2022. 
Development Properties 
Dar Al-Arkan’s long- and short-term development properties amounted to SAR 18.85 billion (U.S.$5.03 billion), 
or 58.86 per cent. of its total assets, as of 31 March 2022 compared to SAR 19.65 billion (U.S.$5.24 billion), or 
61.50 per cent. of its total assets, as of 31 December 2021, SAR 18.59 billion (U.S.$4.96 billion), or 60.09 per 
cent. of its total assets, as of 31 December 2020, and SAR 17.23 billion (U.S.$4.59 billion), or 61.43 per cent. of 
its total assets, as of 31 December 2019. The decrease in Dar Al-Arkan’s long-term development properties as of 
31 March 2022 was due to lower investment in development properties compared to the amount of properties sold 
during the same period. 
Note 6 to each of the Interim Financial Statements and the Audited Financial Statements contains further 
information about Dar Al-Arkan’s development properties, including in each of the Interim Financial Statements 
and the 2021 Audited Financial Statements a discussion on its internal tolerance evaluations to identify possible 
impairment and related sensitivities. 
Trade Receivables and Others 
Dar Al-Arkan’s trade receivables and others amounted to SAR 5.70 billion (U.S.$1.51 billion), or 17.79 per cent. 
of its total assets, as of 31 March 2022 compared to SAR 5.77 billion (U.S.$1.54 billion), or 18.05 per cent. of its 
total assets, as of 31 December 2021, SAR 4.65 billion (U.S.$1.24 billion), or 15.03 per cent. of its total assets, as 
of 31 December 2020, and SAR 3.98 billion (U.S.$1.06 billion), or 14.19 per cent. of its total assets, as of 31 
December 2019. Despite the increase in revenue in the three months ended 31 March 2022 compared to the three 
months ended 31 March 2021, Dar Al-Arkan was able to increase the collection of trade receivables and others 
during this period to maintain trade receivables and others at a similar level as of 31 March 2022 to those observed 
as of 31 December 2021. 
Note 10 to each of the Interim Financial Statements and the Audited Financial Statements contains further 
information about Dar Al-Arkan’s trade receivables, an ageing analysis and an expected credit loss evaluation of 
account receivables.

--- Page 145 ---
133 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents 
Dar Al-Arkan’s cash and cash equivalents amounted to SAR 5.03 billion (U.S.$1.34 billion), or 15.72 per cent. 
of its total assets as of 31 March 2022 compared to SAR 4.15 billion (U.S.$1.11 billion), or 13.00 per cent. of its 
total assets, as of 31 December 2021, SAR 4.93 billion (U.S.$1.32 billion), or 15.94 per cent. of its total assets, as 
of 31 December 2020, and SAR 3.95 billion (U.S.$1.05 billion), or 14.08 per cent. of its total assets, as of 31 
December 2019. The increase in cash and cash equivalents as of 31 March 2022 compared to the position as of 
31 December 2021 was primarily due to improved profitability resulting from higher revenue, a decrease in new 
land acquisitions and positive movements in working capital.  
Liabilities 
Dar Al-Arkan’s principal liabilities are its borrowings (which are described under “Liquidity and Borrowings” 
below) and its trade payables and others which together accounted for 96.74 per cent. of its total liabilities as of 
31 March 2022. 
Trade Payables and Others 
Dar Al-Arkan’s trade payables and others amounted to SAR 2.90 billion (U.S.$772.53 million), or 22.90 per cent. 
of its total liabilities, as of 31 March 2022 compared to SAR 3.03 billion (U.S.$807.85 million), or 23.66 per cent. 
of its total liabilities, as of 31 December 2021, SAR 1.23 billion (U.S.$328.66 million), or 10.35 per cent. of its 
total liabilities, as of 31 December 2020, and SAR 798.78 million (U.S.$213.00 million), or 8.84 per cent. of its 
total liabilities, as of 31 December 2019. The decrease in trade payables and others as of 31 March 2022 compared 
to the position as of 31 December 2021 was due to the reduction in Dar Al-Arkan’s contractual liabilities during 
the three months ended 31 March 2022.  
Note 14 to each of the Interim Financial Statements and the Audited Financial Statements contains further 
information about Dar Al-Arkan’s trade payables and others. 
Liquidity and Borrowings 
Liquidity 
Dar Al-Arkan operates a capital intensive business and requires significant amounts of cash to satisfy its working 
capital and capital expenditures requirements, as well as to meet its financing obligations. In addition, the relative 
lack of “off-plan” and “pre-finished” home sales in the Kingdom requires Dar Al-Arkan to rely on cash generated 
from the Sale of Development Properties, Sale of Residential Properties and funds from external financings to 
fund its residential and commercial projects. 
Dar Al-Arkan relies on a combination of cash from operations and financings from domestic banks and the 
domestic and international capital markets to fund the expansion of its operations. For the next 12 months, 
management believes that cash from these sources will be sufficient to fund Dar Al-Arkan’s working capital needs 
and scheduled repayment of financing maturing during the coming year. However, Dar Al-Arkan may obtain 
additional funding to meet its medium- to long-term financing obligations, to fund the planned development of 
the Shams Ar Riyadh and Shams Al Arous master-planned communities and capital expenditures relating to its 
other development projects and to support the future growth of its business. 
Borrowings 
Overview 
All financing transactions entered into by Dar Al-Arkan are Shari’a-compliant. As of 31 March 2022, the total 
borrowings of Dar Al-Arkan amounted to SAR 9.34 billion (U.S.$2.49 billion) compared to total borrowings of 
SAR 9.41 billion (U.S.$2.51 billion) as of 31 December 2021, a decrease of 0.74 per cent., primarily as a result 
of the repayment of SAR 80.84 million (U.S.$21.56 million) of Murabaha facilities and no additional financing 
being entered into. 
As of 31 December 2021, the total borrowings of Dar Al-Arkan amounted to SAR 9.41 billion (U.S.$2.51 billion) 
compared to total borrowings of SAR 10.22 billion (U.S.$2.73 billion) as of 31 December 2020, a decrease of 
7.92 per cent., primarily as a result of the payment of SAR 836.06 million (U.S.$222.95 million) of Murabaha 
facilities and no additional financing being entered into.

--- Page 146 ---
134 
 
 
The following table sets out a breakdown of the outstanding indebtedness (by type of financing and scheduled 
maturity date) of Dar Al-Arkan as of 31 March 2022: 
Description 
Amount 
outstanding 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Maturity 
Capital Markets Issuances 
 
 
U.S.$500 million 6.875 per cent. Trust Certificates due 2022(*) ... 
500 
2022 
U.S.$500 million 6.875 per cent. Trust Certificates due 2023 ...... 
500 
2023 
U.S.$600 million 6.750 per cent. Trust Certificates due 2025 ...... 
600 
2025 
U.S.$400 million 6.875 per cent. Trust Certificates due 2027 ...... 
400 
2027 
Total Capital Markets Issuances ................................................ 
2,000 
Murabaha Facilities 
 
 
Islamic Murabahas expiring 2023 ................................................. 
15 
2023 
Islamic Murabahas expiring 2024 ................................................. 
143 
2024 
Islamic Murabahas expiring 2025 ................................................. 
116 
2025 
Islamic Murabahas expiring 2027 ................................................. 
55 
2027 
Islamic Murabahas expiring 2029 ................................................. 
175 
2029 
Total Murabaha Facilities ........................................................... 
504 
Note: 
* 
These U.S.$500 million 6.875 per cent. Trust Certificates due 2022 were redeemed in April 2022. 
Sukuk 
As of 31 March 2022, Dar Al-Arkan had four sukuk outstanding amounting to U.S.$2 billion as mentioned in the 
above table. As of 31 March 2022, sukuk financing accounted for 80 per cent. of Dar Al-Arkan’s total 
indebtedness. In April 2022, Dar Al-Arkan redeemed the U.S.$500 million 6.875 per cent. Trust Certificates due 
2022.  
Bank Financing Facilities 
Dar Al-Arkan has also entered into a number of financing facilities with domestic and international banks in the 
form of bilateral Murabaha facilities secured against certain real estate properties, letters of guarantee and letters 
of credit. These facilities have tenors ranging from six months to 11 years with various repayment schedules, 
including annual rolling revolvers, bullet repayments and instalment repayments ranging from monthly, quarterly 
and half-yearly. 
Under Dar Al-Arkan’s current sukuk and bank facility finance documents, it is bound by certain financial 
covenants. Failure to comply with these financial covenants could result in the early redemption of the relevant 
sukuk or termination of the facility and the acceleration of the payment of outstanding amounts. 
The below table is a summary of the outstanding Murabaha facilities that have been entered into by Dar Al-Arkan 
as of 31 March 2022: 
 
Maturing in 
Short-Term 
Outstanding(1) 
Long-Term 
Outstanding(2) 
Total Amount 
Outstanding 
 
 
(SAR ’000) 
 
2023 ............................................  
55,600 
0 
55,600

--- Page 147 ---
135 
 
 
Maturing in 
Short-Term 
Outstanding(1) 
Long-Term 
Outstanding(2) 
Total Amount 
Outstanding 
 
 
(SAR ’000) 
 
2024 ............................................  
171,429 
364,286 
535,714 
2025 ............................................  
133,333 
300,000 
433,333 
2027 ............................................  
18,000 
188,000 
206,000 
2029 ............................................  
87,800 
568,700 
656,500 
Total ...........................................  
466,162 
1,420,986 
1,887,148 
 _____________  
Notes: 
(1) 
Short-Term Outstanding comprises debt with a maturity date of less than one year 
(2) 
Long-Term Outstanding comprises debt with a maturity date of more than one year from 31 March 2022 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Dar Al-Arkan and its subsidiaries are in compliance with all applicable 
financial covenants set out in their financing agreements. 
Incurring Financial Indebtedness 
Under the Conditions, Dar Al-Arkan has agreed that it will not, and will not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, 
Incur, directly or indirectly, any Indebtedness; provided, however, that Dar Al-Arkan and any Restricted 
Subsidiary will be entitled to Incur Indebtedness if, on the date of such Incurrence and after giving effect thereto 
on a pro forma basis, the Consolidated Coverage Ratio is, for so long as any of the U.S.$500 million 6.875 per 
cent. Trust Certificates due 2023 is outstanding, at least 2.00 to 1.00 or, for so long as any of the U.S.$600 million 
6.75 per cent. Trust Certificates due 2025 or for so long as any of the U.S.$400 million 6.875 per cent. Trust 
Certificates due 2027 is outstanding, at least 1.75 to 1.00 and (at any time thereafter) at least 1.50 to 1.00. 
As of 31 March 2022, while U.S.$500 million 6.875 per cent. Trust Certificates due 2022 and U.S.$500 million 
6.875 per cent. Trust Certificates due 2023 remained outstanding, the Consolidated Coverage Ratio for the 
relevant period was 2.04 to 1.00 and therefore above the Consolidated Coverage Ratio requirement imposed for 
Incurring Indebtedness pursuant to Condition 6.1. 
Sources and uses of cash 
The following tables summarise Dar Al-Arkan’s cash and cash equivalents as of the beginning and end of the 
periods presented and its cash flows for the periods presented: 
 
For the year ended 31 December (Audited) 
 
2019 
2020 
2021 
 
 
SAR ’000 
 
Net cash (used in)/from operating activities  .......  
(1,742,716) 
(1,461,677) 
66,806 
Net cash (used in) investing activities .................  
(329,539) 
(4,379) 
(8,978) 
Net cash from/(used in) financing activities ........  
1,118,784 
2,447,696 
(836,062) 
(Decrease)/Increase in cash and cash equivalents 
(953,471) 
981,640 
(778,234) 
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year ..  
4,903,491 
3,950,020 
4,931,660 
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year ............  
3,950,020 
4,931,660 
4,153,426

--- Page 148 ---
136 
 
 
 
For the three months ended 31 March (Reviewed) 
 
2021 
2022 
 
SAR ’000 
Net cash (used in)/from operating activities  ....... 
(301,194) 
1,033,855 
Net cash (used in) investing activities ................. 
(819) 
(72,329) 
Net cash (used in) financing activities ................. 
(80,540) 
(80,841) 
(Decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents 
(382,553) 
880,685 
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year .. 
4,931,660 
4,153,426 
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year ............ 
4,549,107 
5,034,111 
 
Net Cash From/(Used in) Operating Activities 
Net cash from operating activities was SAR 1.03 billion (U.S.$275.69 million) for the three months ended 31 
March 2022, compared to net cash used in operating activities of SAR 301.19 million (U.S.$80.32 million) for 
the three months ended 31 March 2021. The increase in net cash from operating activities in the three months 
ended 31 March 2022 was primarily due to improved profitability and a positive movement in working capital, 
which was largely driven by the net reduction in development properties. 
Net cash from operating activities was SAR 66.81 million (U.S.$17.82 million) for the year ended 31 December 
2021, compared to net cash used in operating activities of SAR 1,461.68 million (U.S.$389.78 million) for the 
year ended 31 December 2020 and net cash used in operating activities of SAR 1,742.72 million (U.S.$464.73 
million) for the year ended 31 December 2019. The increase in net cash from operating activities in the year ended 
31 December 2021 compared to the year ended 31 December 2020 was primarily due to improved profitability 
and positive movements in working capital. The decrease in net cash used in operating activities in the year ended 
31 December 2020 compared to the year ended 31 December 2019 was primarily due to movements in working 
capital.  
Net Cash (Used in) Investing Activities 
Net cash used in investing activities was SAR 72.33 million (U.S.$19.29 million) for the three months ended 31 
March 2022, compared to net cash used in investing activities of SAR 0.82 million (U.S.$0.22 million) for the 
three months ended 31 March 2021. The increase in net cash used in investing activities for the three months 
ended 31 March 2022 was primarily due to a strategic investment of SAR 71.59 million (U.S.$19.09 million) 
made in new associates Compass Project Investments SPV Limited and Ibdaa Real Estate Company in the three 
months ended 31 March 2022. 
Net cash used in investing activities was SAR 8.98 million (U.S.$2.39 million) for the year ended 31 December 
2021, compared to net cash used in investing activities of SAR 4.38 million (U.S.$1.17 million) and SAR 329.54 
million (U.S.$87.88 million) for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, respectively. The 
increase in net cash used in investing activities for the year ended 31 December 2021 compared to the year ended 
31 December 2020 was primarily due to the acquisition of property and equipment for administrative purposes. 
The decrease in net cash used in investing activities for the year ended 31 December 2020 compared to the year 
ended 31 December 2019 was primarily due to an additional investment made in Alkhair Capital Saudi Arabia 
(Alkhair Capital) in 2019 to increase its shareholding in this associate from 34.0 per cent. to 42.2 per cent. 
Net Cash (Used in)/From Financing Activities 
Net cash used in financing activities was SAR 80.84 million (U.S.$21.56 million) for the three months ended 31 
March 2022, compared to net cash used in financing activities of SAR 80.54 million (U.S.$21.48 million) for the 
three months ended 31 March 2021.  
Net cash used in financing activities was SAR 836.06 million (U.S.$222.95 million) for the year ended 31 
December 2021, compared to net cash generated from financing activities of SAR 2,447.70 million (U.S.$652.72 
million) for the year ended 31 December 2020 and net cash from financing activities of SAR 1,118.78 million

--- Page 149 ---
137 
 
 
(U.S.$298.34 million) for the year ended 31 December 2019. The Group’s financing activities in each year solely 
comprised movements in its borrowings.  
Summary of Contractual Obligations  
The following table summarises Dar Al-Arkan’s contractual obligations as of 31 March 2022, and also indicates 
in which future periods payments under these obligations will come due. 
Contractual Obligations  
Total 
Short-Term(1) 
Long-Term(2) 
 
(SAR ’000) 
Borrowings(3) ..................................................  
9,339,776 
4,208,834 
5,130,942 
Operating Lease Obligations(4) .......................  
9,533 
2,806 
6,727 
Total(5) ............................................................  
9,349,309 
4,211,640 
5,137,669 
 
 
 
(1) 
Obligations due within 12 months from the date of reporting. 
(2) 
Obligations due beyond 12 months from the date of reporting. 
(3) 
Represents payment obligations relating to U.S.$500 million 6.875 per cent. Trust Certificates due 2022, U.S.$500 million 6.875 
 
per cent. Trust Certificates due 2023, U.S.$600 million 6.750 per cent. Trust Certificates due 2025, U.S.$400 million 6.875 per 
 
cent. Trust Certificates due 2027 and other debt facilities of Dar Al-Arkan and excludes future profit payments associated with 
 
these borrowings. These borrowings are subject to various restrictive covenants under which the timing of payment may be 
 
accelerated in the case of non-compliance. 
(4) 
Represent minimum lease payment under non-cancellable operating lease rentals. 
(5) 
Excludes the contractual obligations related to the development of Dar Al-Arkan’s current projects, as these contracts may be 
 
terminated at will by Dar Al-Arkan. Also, excludes end of service obligations as timing of these payment cannot be determined. 
 
Capital Expenditures 
For the years ended 31 December 2021, 2020 and 2019, Dar Al-Arkan made capital expenditures in amounts of 
SAR 2.25 billion (U.S.$600.97 million), SAR 2.49 billion (U.S.$665.22 million) and SAR 5.36 billion (U.S.$1.43 
billion), respectively. For the three months ended 31 March 2022 and 2021, Dar Al-Arkan made capital 
expenditures in the amounts of SAR 243.49 million (U.S.$64.93 million) and SAR 247.57 million (U.S.$66.02 
million), respectively. These capital expenditures related to the development of Dar Al-Arkan’s projects and the 
acquisition of land for future projects. Dar Al-Arkan funded these capital expenditure requirements with cash 
from operations and the proceeds from its other debt facilities. 
As of 31 March 2022, Dar Al-Arkan had capital expenditure commitments of SAR 212 million (U.S.$56.53 
million), principally relating to the development of its master planned communities. Management expects Dar 
Al-Arkan to make a total of SAR 2.23 billion (U.S.$594.67 million) of capital expenditures during 2022, 
principally relating to the purchase and development of land as well as in connection with the Shams Ar Riyadh, 
Urban Oasis by Missoni and other ongoing development projects. Dar Al-Arkan intends to fund these capital 
expenditures with a combination of cash from operations, its current and planned debt facilities, including the 
proceeds from the offering of Certificates issued under the Programme.  
Related Party Transactions 
During the three financial years preceding the date of this Base Prospectus, Dar Al-Arkan has not entered into any 
significant transactions with companies in which Dar Al-Arkan’s founding shareholders, directors and/or officers 
have material interests, and has not entered into any contracts with, and it holds no material interest on behalf of, 
any of its directors, the Chief Executive Officer or the Chief Financial Officer or with any other related party. 
Dar Al-Arkan maintains an existing arrangement with SHL whereby SHL has agreed to pay sales consideration 
to Dar Al-Arkan for the residential units sold to individuals funded by SHL. There is no recourse to Dar Al-Arkan 
if such financings provided by SHL to its customers become non-performing assets or classed as bad debts. During 
the three months ended 31 March 2022, Dar Al-Arkan sold SAR 1.54 million (U.S.$0.41 million) where SHL 
paid Dar Al-Arkan on behalf of the buyers pursuant to the financing terms agreed between SHL and its customers. 
As of 31 March 2022, no amounts were due for such transactions from SHL to Dar Al-Arkan.

--- Page 150 ---
138 
 
 
Khozam Real Estate Development Company (Khozam REDC) routinely invests its excess cash balance with Dar 
Al-Arkan at a nominal profit repayable on demand to facilitate Dar Al-Arkan’s working capital needs. During the 
three months ended 31 March 2022, Dar Al-Arkan re-paid SAR 0.44 million (U.S.$0.12 million) of cash received 
from Khozam REDC, together with profit of SAR 0.24 million (U.S.$0.06 million). The closing balance of such 
cash balance held by Dar Al-Arkan as of 31 March 2022 was SAR 186.24 million (U.S.$49.66 million). Dar Al-
Arkan is permitted to repay these funds at any time. 
Alkhair Capital and Alkhair Capital Dubai Limited (Alkhair Dubai) have each been engaged by Dar Al-Arkan 
to provide general financial advice and to represent and file documents on behalf of Dar Al-Arkan with the CMA, 
Tadawul and other statutory bodies from time to time. Alkhair Capital and Alkhair Dubai also routinely provide 
Shari’a-compliance reviews and management support for Dar Al-Arkan’s issuances of Certificates under the 
Programme. There were no transactions made between either Dar Al-Arkan and Alkhair Capital or Dar Al-Arkan 
and Alkhair Dubai during the three months ended 31 March 2022. 
Financial Risk Management 
Note 26 to each of the the Interim Financial Statements and the Audited Financial Statements contains detailed 
disclosure about Dar Al-Arkan’s principal financial operations, including disclosure in relation to credit risk 
management, commission rate risk management, liquidity risk management and foreign currency risk 
management. 
Critical Accounting Policies 
In preparing its consolidated financial statements, management makes estimates and assumptions that affect the 
amounts reported and related disclosures. Several of these estimates and judgements are related to matters that are 
inherently uncertain as they pertain to future events. These estimates and judgements are evaluated at each 
reporting date and are based on historical experience, internal controls, advice from external experts and other 
factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. The 
resulting accounting estimates may vary from the actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a 
significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next 
financial period are discussed below: 
Revenue Recognition 
Dar Al-Arkan recognises revenue on the sale of its completed properties when significant risks and rewards of 
ownership transfer to the buyer, which is assessed to be at the time of legal completion of the sale or unconditional 
exchange. 
With respect to residential and commercial projects, Dar Al-Arkan typically receives an initial deposit upon the 
signing of the sale reservation contract, and a final payment upon delivery of the unit. Revenue from the sale of 
these properties is only recognised when the completed property is handed over to the purchaser. 
With respect to land development, Dar Al-Arkan receives an initial non-refundable deposit of 20 per cent. of the 
sale price upon signing the sale contract with the balance of the sale price being paid on a deferred basis, which 
typically does not exceed three to 12 months. Dar Al-Arkan recognises the full amount of the consideration at the 
time the sale contract is signed. 
With respect to residential and commercial projects sold under a construction contract or on an off-plan basis, the 
revenue and cost of such projects are recognised in accordance with IFRS 15 when the objective and the outcome 
of such contracts can be estimated reliably in proportion to the performed/measured stages of completion against 
the total contractual obligations/milestones including variation, claims and incentives at the end of each reporting 
period, except where the work performed is not representative of the stage of completion. 
With respect to lease rental income, Dar Al-Arkan recognises revenue on a straight line basis over the lease term 
in accordance with IFRS 16. 
Recognition of Cost of Revenue 
Dar Al-Arkan has developments which typically contain a number of individual projects within each development. 
In order to determine cost of revenue related to properties or units sold during the year, management estimates 
and averages the costs of the entire development, including infrastructure costs and overall construction and other 
directly attributable costs, to arrive at the total estimated cost of the project. These estimated costs are allocated

--- Page 151 ---
139 
 
 
to each project within the development and each unit within a project. These estimates are reviewed regularly on 
a profit per project basis and revised as necessary. Any significant change in these estimates may result in 
additional costs being recorded in future periods related to revenue recognised in a prior period. 
Measurement of contract assets and trade receivables 
Management makes significant assumptions on the estimation of expected credit loss in connection with contract 
assets and/or trade receivables which is assessed on the basis of the terms of the contracts. Evaluation is made 
where there is objective evidence, including customers with financial difficulties or in default on payments and 
the possibility of bankruptcy of customers, with the result that amounts may not be recovered in accordance with 
the originally agreed terms of the contracts. Based on such periodic assessment, Dar Al-Arkan recognises expected 
losses for all contract assets and/or all trade receivables with or without significant financing transactions and for 
lease receivables. For all other financial instruments, expected credit losses are measured at an amount equal to 
the 12-month expected credit losses in accordance with IFRS 9.  
Classification of Properties 
Dar Al-Arkan’s properties are classified as either investment properties or development properties. Management 
has made various judgements to determine whether a property qualifies as an investment property which is held 
to earn rental income and/or for capital appreciation, or both. These are not used for generating sales revenues 
through normal business operations. A development property comprises completed properties, developed land, 
property projects under construction, land projects under development and land awaiting development 
predominantly identified for sale in the ordinary course of business. In making its judgement, management 
considers its intended use of property. When management assesses that certain investment properties will be 
disposed of as part of normal business operations, their carrying cost will be transferred to development properties 
for final completion of development and transfer.  
Subsequent Transfer of Investment Properties 
Investment properties are the interests in land and/or buildings that are held for their investment potential and not 
for sale in the ordinary course of business. Management assesses the intended use of its real estate properties on 
a continuous basis and summarises the portfolio at every reporting period. When the periodic management 
assessment identifies any change in the use of a property previously classified as investment properties, their 
carrying cost is transferred to development properties for further development and final transfer under the ordinary 
course of business. While re-assessing the intended use, management considers the holding period, the possibility 
of further appreciations, related economic activities around such properties and the need for further development 
to make the property ready for sale.  
Transfers are made to investment properties when, and only when, there is a change in use, evidenced by the end 
of owner occupation or commencement of an operating lease. Transfers are made from investment properties 
when, and only when, there is a change in use, evidenced by commencement of owner occupation or 
commencement of development with the intent to sell. 
Carrying Value of Development Properties 
Dar Al-Arkan’s principal activity is currently the development and sale of land and residential and commercial 
property. Due to the nature of this activity, much of the development activity is speculative in nature. Accordingly, 
the consolidated statement of financial position as of 31 March 2022 reflects current assets that are not covered 
by forward sale contracts.  
Dar Al-Arkan assesses the net realisable value of its development properties at each reporting date. This 
assessment is based on a profit per project basis and compares the carrying and estimated future costs with the 
expected selling price per unit based on historical activities and available comparables in the surrounding location. 
As a result of this process, there have been no instances where the estimated net realisable value of the site/unit 
was less than its current carrying value within the consolidated statement of financial position. A change of these 
estimates in the future could have an impact on the valuation of the development properties.

--- Page 152 ---
140 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE KINGDOM  
The information in this section has been derived from a number of different identified sources. The Trustee and 
Dar Al-Arkan confirm that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as they are aware, 
and are able to ascertain from the information published by each of the relevant sources, no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Background 
The Kingdom, situated in the south-western part of Asia, comprises almost four-fifths of the Arabian Peninsula, 
an area approximately one-third the size of the continental United States. The Kingdom is the largest country in 
the GCC and the second-largest Arab country. The modern Kingdom was declared in 1932 by King Abdulaziz 
bin Abdul Rahman Al Saud (King Abdulaziz). The capital of the Kingdom is Riyadh. 
Since the discovery of oil fields in the eastern region along the coast of the Arabian Gulf in 1938, the Kingdom 
has experienced rapid growth and is now a leading producer of oil and natural gas. According to GASTAT data, 
in the year ended 31 December 2021, the oil and gas sector accounted for approximately 25.2 per cent. of GDP, 
and approximately 73.2 per cent. of export earnings. Apart from petroleum, the Kingdom’s other natural resources 
include natural gas, iron ore, gold, and copper. According to OPEC’s 2021 Annual Statistical Bulletin, as of 31 
December 2020, the Kingdom possesses around 16.9 per cent. of the world’s proven petroleum reserves (the 
second largest of any country in the world). In addition, the Kingdom was the world’s third largest oil producer 
(accounting for 13.3 per cent. of the world’s total oil production) and the world’s largest oil exporter (accounting 
for 15.9 per cent. of the world’s total oil exports by volume) in the year ended 31 December 2020.  
According to the World Bank, in the year ended 31 December 2020, the Kingdom had the 17th largest economy 
in the world and the largest economy in the GCC region, accounting for 49.4 per cent. of the combined nominal 
GDP of the GCC countries and 23.6 per cent. of the combined nominal GDP of the countries in the MENA region 
in the year ended 31 December 2020. The Kingdom has a history of economic stability and a modern 
infrastructure. Since 2005, the Kingdom has gained membership in the WTO. The Kingdom joined the G20 in 
April 2009. 
Geography 
The Kingdom comprises a land area of approximately 2,150,000 square kilometres and is located in the Arabian 
Peninsula, a peninsula of south-west Asia situated north-east of Africa. The Kingdom has coastlines on the Red 
Sea to the west and the Arabian Gulf to the east. It is bordered in the north and north-east by Jordan and Iraq, in 
the east by Kuwait, Qatar and the UAE, in the south-east by Oman, in the south by Yemen, and is connected to 
Bahrain by the King Fahd Causeway. The Kingdom is the largest country in the GCC. 
Most of the Kingdom consists of arid or semi-arid land. Uninhabitable desert covers nearly half of the country. 
Less than 2 per cent. of Saudi land is classified as arable, and less than 1 per cent. of the country’s land is dedicated 
to permanent crops. The Kingdom has undergone rapid urbanisation in recent decades, and over 80 per cent. of 
the population of the Kingdom currently lives in cities, with approximately half the population of the Kingdom 
being concentrated in the six largest cities of Riyadh, Jeddah, Makkah, Medina, Ta’if and Dammam. 
Government and legal framework 
The Kingdom is a monarchy with a political system rooted in the traditions and culture of Islam. The Custodian 
of the Two Holy Mosques, the King of Saudi Arabia (the King), is both the head of state and the head of the 
Government. Royal Decree number A/90 dated 1 March 1992 (the Basic Law of Governance) provides that the 
Holy Quran and Sunnah (the teachings of the Prophet Muhammad (PBUH)) form the primary sources of law in 
the Kingdom. The Basic Law of Governance specifies that the King must be chosen from among the sons of the 
founding King, King Abdulaziz, and their male descendants.  
In 2006, the Allegiance Council (hay’at al-bay’ah) was established, comprising: (a) the surviving sons of King 
Abdulaziz; (b) one son of each deceased/incapacitated son of King Abdulaziz; and (c) one son of the incumbent 
King and one son of the incumbent Crown Prince, both appointed by the incumbent King, to determine which 
member of the royal family will be the next King and the next Crown Prince. The current King, Custodian of the 
Two Holy Mosques King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud, acceded to the throne on 23 January 2015. The current 
Crown Prince is His Royal Highness Prince Mohammed bin Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud, who also holds the 
positions of Deputy Prime Minister, Minister of Defence, Chairman of the Council for Economic and 
Development Affairs and Chairman of the Council for Political and Security Affairs.

--- Page 153 ---
141 
 
 
The King holds the position of Prime Minister, and he presides over the Council of Ministers (Majlis al Wuzara), 
which was established by Royal Decree in 1953. The Council of Ministers, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, 
comprises the Deputy Prime Minister, Ministers with portfolios, and Ministers of State. The Council of Ministers 
is selected by the King. The Council of Ministers is responsible for, among other things, executive and 
administrative matters such as foreign and domestic policy, defence, finance, health and education.  
The Kingdom is divided into 13 provinces, each of which has a governor and a provincial council. The provincial 
councils are empowered to determine the development needs of their respective provinces, make 
recommendations and request appropriations in the annual budget. The Kingdom’s 13 provinces comprise Riyadh, 
Makkah, Medina, the Eastern Province, Asir, Al-Baha, Tabuk, Al-Qassim, Ha’il, Al-Jouf, the Northern Borders, 
Jizan and Najran. These provinces are further divided into 136 governorates, which are in turn sub-divided into 
municipalities. Pursuant to the Law of Regulation of Municipalities and Rural Areas, issued by Royal Decree No. 
5/M in 2003, the term of each municipal council is two years and half of the members of any municipal council 
must be chosen by elections, while the other half are appointed by the Minister for Municipal and Rural Affairs 
and Housing. In 2015, women were allowed to stand for election to, and vote for the members of, the municipal 
councils.  
Legal and Judicial System 
Since the founding of the modem Kingdom in 1932, and in accordance with the Basic Law of Governance, Shari’a 
(Islamic law) has been the pillar and source of the Kingdom’s basic system of Government, and is the paramount 
body of law in the Kingdom. 
The Shari’a is comprised of a collection of fundamental principles derived from a number of different sources, 
which include the Holy Qu’ran and the Sunnah (the witnessed sayings and actions of the Prophet Mohammed). 
In addition to the Shari’a, Saudi Arabian law is also derived from enacted legislation that may not conflict with 
Shari’a principles. Legislation is enacted in various forms, the most common of which are Royal Orders, Royal 
Decrees, Council of Ministers’ resolutions, High Orders, ministerial resolutions and ministerial circulars having 
the force of law. All such laws and regulations are ultimately subject to, and may not conflict with, the Shari’a, 
and each Saudi Arabian court or other adjudicatory authority is required to interpret such legislation accordingly. 
The Kingdom’s judicial system comprises the general courts, which have general jurisdiction over most civil and 
criminal cases, and specialised courts covering certain specific areas of law, including a system of administrative 
courts known as the Board of Grievances, a Specialised Criminal Court, and various adjudicatory or quasi-judicial 
committees with special jurisdiction over such matters as banking transactions, securities regulation, intellectual 
property, tax, electricity industry disputes and medical malpractice. 
In 2007, the Government announced a restructuring of the judicial system, including the establishment of courts 
of appeal and a supreme court, as well as the merger of most special adjudicatory committees into the general 
courts, though exceptions were made for certain adjudicatory committees. The committees that are exempted from 
the 2007 reforms include the Banking Disputes Committee, the Committee for the Enforcement of the Banking 
Control Law and the Committee for Resolution of Insurance Disputes and Violations, each of which operates 
under the aegis of SAMA; the Committee for the Resolution of Securities Disputes, which operates under the 
aegis of the CMA; and the Committee for Resolution of Custom Duties Disputes. The 2007 reforms also proposed 
the transfer of jurisdiction over commercial disputes from the Board of Grievances to the commercial courts which 
have started to hear disputes of a commercial nature as of 22 September 2017 pursuant to the Circular of the 
Supreme Court of Justice No. T/967 dated 01/01/1439H (corresponding to 22 September 2017). As part of the 
ongoing restructuring of the judicial system, personal status courts, courts of appeal and a supreme court have 
already been established. 
The Board of Grievances has exclusive jurisdiction to hear claims against Government bodies. Prior to March 
2012, the Board of Grievances also had exclusive jurisdiction to consider the enforcement of foreign judgments 
and arbitral awards; however, with the enactment of the Enforcement Law in March 2012, this jurisdiction was 
transferred to newly-created “Enforcement Departments” staffed by specialised “enforcement judges”. The 
Enforcement Departments may, at their discretion, enforce all or any part of a foreign judgment or arbitral award, 
subject to certain conditions, which include compliance of such judgment or award with public policy in the 
Kingdom. The Board of Grievances also has exclusive jurisdiction to supervise insolvency and bankruptcy 
proceedings relating to commercial entities was transferred to the Commercial Court, pursuant to the Bankruptcy 
Law issued pursuant to Royal Decree No. M/50 dated 28/05/1439H (corresponding to 14 February 2018) and its 
implementing regulations issued pursuant to the Council of Ministers Resolution No. 622 dated 24/12/1439H

--- Page 154 ---
142 
 
 
(corresponding to 4 September 2018) and published in the official gazette on 30/12/1439H (corresponding to 10 
September 2018), as amended, supplemented or restated from time to time. 
In June 2017, a Royal Order was issued changing the name of the Bureau of Investigation and Public Prosecution 
to the Public Prosecution and establishing it as an independent government body that reports directly to the King, 
headed by a general prosecutor. 
Vision 2030 
In April 2016, the Government announced its new strategy, known as “Vision 2030”, which sets forth a 
comprehensive agenda of socio-economic reforms with the aim of achieving fundamental economic, social and 
structural changes in the Kingdom by the year 2030. Vision 2030 is based upon three fundamental existing 
strengths of the Kingdom: (i) its importance in the Arab and Islamic world; (ii) its leading investment capabilities; 
and (iii) its unique strategic geographical location with the ability to connect the three continents of Asia, Europe 
and Africa. 
The key objectives of Vision 2030 include the diversification of the Kingdom’s economy and decreased reliance 
upon oil-related revenues through, among other measures, the transformation of Saudi Aramco from an oil-
producing company into a global industrial conglomerate and the transformation of the PIF into a sovereign wealth 
fund. The PIF intends to continue to assist the private sector with the establishment of capital intensive projects. 
In addition, Vision 2030 aims to reform Government services to increase transparency and accountability, as well 
as to expand the variety and scope of digital services offered by the Government in order to improve efficiency 
and reduce bureaucracy. 
Vision 2030 focuses on three broad themes, each of which aims to capitalise on the Kingdom’s existing strengths 
in its society, culture, heritage and economy. The three themes highlighted in Vision 2030 are Societal 
Development, Economic Reform and Effective Governance. 
The Council of Ministers has delegated to the Council for Economic and Development Affairs (the CEDA) the 
overall responsibility for establishing and monitoring the measures required for the effective implementation of 
Vision 2030, and the CEDA has in turn established an integrated governance model to implement detailed 
programmes to attain the desired results. 
For details on the several initiatives that have already been launched, or are anticipated to be launched in 
connection with the implementation of Vision 2030, see “—Implementation of Vision 2030” below. One of the 
key executive programmes that was launched in June 2016 in connection with the implementation of Vision 2030 
is the NTP, which sets forth the objectives and detailed methodology, including clearly identified goals and targets, 
that are sought to be achieved in connection with the implementation of Vision 2030. For details on the NTP, see 
“—The National Transformation Programme” below. The Fiscal Balance Programme, launched in December 
2016 in connection with the implementation of Vision 2030, is another key executive programme and sets forth 
objectives and measures aimed at achieving a balanced budget by 2020. In December 2017, the Government 
revised the timeline for achieving a balanced budget in light of factors including local and global economic 
conditions and the expected fiscal and economic impact of certain planned initiatives and aims to achieve a 
balanced budget by 2023. In April 2017, CEDA, in connection with the implementation of Vision 2030, initially 
launched 10 new executive programmes, which, in addition to the NTP and the Fiscal Balance Programmes, are 
known as the Vision 2030 realisation programmes (see “—Implementation of Vision 2030” below).  
Implementation of Vision 2030 
The Government has already launched a number of programmes that seek generally to achieve the aims and 
objectives of Vision 2030, which include the following: 
 
The Government Restructuring Programme: This programme has, to date, included the consolidation of 
a number of existing Government bodies or councils under two newly-formed councils, the Council for 
Political and Security Affairs and the CEDA, with the intention of promoting greater efficiency and 
productivity between the various branches of Government and greater coordination between the 
respective ministries. A restructuring of various Governmental ministries and departments has also taken 
place. 
 
The Fiscal Balance Programme: This programme involves reviewing the Kingdom’s existing capital 
expenditure, including the approval mechanisms relating to such expenditure, and its measurable 
economic impact. This programme envisages that further measures will be introduced with the aim of

--- Page 155 ---
143 
 
 
achieving economic diversification and fiscal consolidation. The Fiscal Balance Programme sets forth 
objectives and measures for the achievement of a balanced budget by 2023. The Fiscal Balance 
Programme is a key component to developing a more effective government, by enabling additional 
scrutiny of government finances as well as contributing to key socio-economic objectives of Vision 2030, 
including facilitating additional investments in Vision 2030 programmes and reforms to the social 
welfare system. 
 
The National Transformation Programme: This first phase of this programme was launched by the 
Government in June 2016 and continued through 2020. The NTP establishes strategic objectives that are 
based on Vision 2030 and addresses various challenges involved in the implementation of Vision 2030 
in accordance with the specified methodology and targets. As a result of the launch of the Vision 2030 
realisation programmes, the Government is re-examining the scope of the NTP in order to eliminate 
overlaps between the NTP and other programmes and ensure that the NTP continues to meet the overall 
objectives of Vision 2030. The second phase of this programme commenced in 2021 and will continue 
through 2025 with the aim of creating an environment that enables the public and private sectors to 
achieve Vision 2030. For further details in respect of the NTP, see “—The National Transformation 
Programme” below. 
 
The Regulations Review Programme: This programme includes the review and update of several of the 
Kingdom’s existing laws and regulations, in order to ensure that they accord with the Kingdom’s stated 
goals and priorities. Such laws have included, among others, laws relating to companies, non-
governmental organisations, fees on unused land and the General Authority for Endowments. 
 
Enriching the Hajj and Umrah Experience Programme: This programme aims to increase the number of 
people performing Hajj and Umrah including through the development of further infrastructure to 
support increased participation in Hajj and Umrah. 
 
Lifestyle Improvement Programme: This programme aims to increase participation in cultural, 
environmental and sporting activities. 
 
National Companies Promotion Programme: This programme aims to incentivise the growth and 
efficiency of a number of the most promising small and medium sized national companies and to create 
new job opportunities. 
 
National Industrial Development Logistics Programme (the NIDLP): This programme aims to position 
the Kingdom as a logistics hub that benefits from its location at the intersection of three continents 
through improving infrastructure and developing logistics services. The delivery plan for the NIDLP was 
approved on 15 July 2017 and the programme was officially launched on 28 January 2019. The NIDLP’s 
objective is to develop the industry, mining, energy and logistics sectors in the Kingdom, which in turn 
is expected to support job generation, increase non-oil exports, reduce imports, raise the contribution of 
these sectors to the Kingdom’s GDP and attract foreign investments. 
 
The Housing Programme: This programme aims to facilitate increased private home ownership through 
the development of the residential and construction sectors. 
 
The PIF Programme: This programme envisages the refinement of the PIF’s investment capabilities, 
enabling it to manage a broader portfolio of assets with the aim of transforming the PIF into an active 
sovereign wealth fund. 
 
Strategic Partnerships Programme: This programme aims to build and deepen strategic economic 
partnerships with selected countries that have the capacity to contribute to Vision 2030. It aims also to 
build partnerships in the GCC and the region by facilitating the movement of people, goods and capital. 
 
Financial Sector Development Programme: This programme aims to increase the size, depth, and 
development of the Kingdom’s capital markets, improve operators and users’ experiences as well as the 
status of the Kingdom’s capital markets regionally, with the aim of making the Kingdom’s capital 
markets the primary market in the Middle East and one of the most respected markets internationally. 
The programme aims to help create an advanced market that attracts local and foreign investors, which 
enables it to take on a pivotal role in developing the national economy and diversifying sources of 
income.

--- Page 156 ---
144 
 
 
 
Privatisation Programme: This programme aims to identify sectors suitable for privatisation and to 
implement a comprehensive privatisation programme. 
In addition to the programmes outlined above, each of which have already been initiated and are at various stages 
of implementation, the Government is proposing to launch additional programmes that are intended to assist in 
achieving the aims of Vision 2030. These programmes include the Saudi Aramco Strategic Transformation 
Programme, a programme that envisages the transformation of Saudi Aramco from an oil-producing company 
into a global industrial conglomerate, for example through Saudi Aramco’s acquisition of PIF’s 70 per cent. stake 
in SABIC in June 2020. 
National Transformation Programme 
The first phase of the NTP (2016-2020) was launched in June 2016 across 24 governmental bodies operating in 
the economic and development sectors. At the time of its launch, the NTP included 16 ministries (including all 
the ministries represented in the CEDA) as well as eight governmental organisations closely connected with the 
overall objectives of Vision 2030 (such as the Ministry of Tourism (formerly known as the Saudi Commission for 
Tourism and National Heritage), the Royal Commission for Jubail and Yanbu, the Government and the Ministry 
of Investment (MISA) (formerly known as the Saudi Arabian General Investment Authority) and the King 
Abdulaziz City for Science and Technology, among others). 
In the current phase of the NTP (2021-2025), the programme will continue developing the required infrastructure, 
enhancing social development, ensuring the sustainability of vital resources, achieving governmental operational 
excellence, supporting digital transformation and increasing the attractiveness of the labour market in order to 
create an environment that enables the public and private sectors to achieve Vision 2030. The programme will 
also deliver the strategic objectives that were previously assigned to the National Companies Promotion 
Programme and Strategic Partnerships Programme by contributing to the development of the private sector and 
developing economic partnerships. It is important to note that several strategic objectives have been transferred 
from and to existing or new programmes. 
The Kingdom’s Position in the International Community  
As the only Arab nation member of the G20, an international forum for the governments of 20 major economies, 
and a founding member of several major international organisations, including the UN and OPEC, the Kingdom 
plays an important role in the global economy and international trade and diplomatic relations. Furthermore, as a 
founding member of the GCC, the Muslim World League, the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation (the OIC) and 
the Islamic Development Bank (each of which is headquartered in the Kingdom) as well as the Arab League, the 
Kingdom has also assumed a leadership position among both Arab countries and the broader Muslim world.  
The Kingdom is also a member of the IMF, the African Development Bank Group, the Asian Infrastructure 
Investment Bank and the European Bank for Restructuring and Development (the EBRD). The EBRD’s mandate 
has recently been expanded to invest and promote private initiatives in certain Arab countries in the Middle East 
and North Africa region. 
The Kingdom joined the World Bank Group in 1957, and is one of the larger shareholders of the World Bank 
among its 189 member countries. In recognition of its contributions to the global economy and international 
development, the Kingdom achieved the status of a ‘single-country constituency’ on the World Bank’s Executive 
Board (the Executive Board) in 1986. The Kingdom is represented at World Bank meetings by its executive 
director and engages in direct consultations and negotiations with other executive offices with the aim of achieving 
the World Bank’s primary objective of reducing global poverty. From time to time, the Kingdom’s executive 
director has served as the chair of the Executive Board’s standing committees, and several of the past Saudi 
executive directors have served as dean of the Executive Board. 
The Kingdom acceded as a member of the WTO in November 2005, as a result of which the Government has 
implemented various structural reforms in order to create a more liberal trade regime and business-friendly 
environment. In addition to the WTO, the Kingdom is party to a number of multilateral business and trade related 
agreements, including the Convention Establishing the Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency; the Inter-Arab 
Investment Guarantee Corporation; the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights; and the 
Convention on the Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral Awards. The Kingdom is also party to a 
number of trade and economic agreements aimed at promoting trade and economic development, including the 
Arab Economic Unity Agreement; the Arab League Investment Agreement; the League of Arab States Investment 
and the Agreement on Promotion, Protection and Guarantee of Investments among the Member States of the OIC.

--- Page 157 ---
145 
 
 
The Kingdom plays a key role in the international fight against terrorism. The Kingdom is a member and an active 
participant in a number of international organisations and treaties pertaining to anti-money laundering and 
combatting the financing of terrorism. In December 2015, the Government announced the establishment of an 
intergovernmental military alliance of 34 countries based at a joint command centre in Riyadh, the primary 
objective of which is to combat terrorist organisations, including Da’esh, in line with UN and OIC initiatives on 
counter-terrorism. 
The Kingdom is also a member of the International Chamber of Commerce, the World Intellectual Property 
Organisation, the Greater Arab Free Trade Area, the International Organisation of Securities Commissions and 
the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Kingdom has entered into bilateral economic, trade and technical 
cooperation agreements with 36 countries, which aim to develop economic, trade and technical cooperation and 
to enable the free inflow of goods, capital, and services and the free movement of individuals and investment 
between the contracting countries. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Kingdom has also entered into 
Avoidance of Double Taxation Agreements with 34 countries. 
In addition, the Kingdom contributes significant amounts of development aid to other countries and institutions, 
including through the Saudi Fund for Development (the SFD). The SFD extends financings and credit support for 
the development of a range of projects in many developing countries, particularly in Asia and Africa, with a 
particular focus on the social infrastructure, agriculture, energy and industry sectors. 
Economic overview 
According to the World Bank, the Kingdom’s economy is dominated by oil. Vision 2030, which was announced 
in 2016, promotes structural reforms targeting strong, sustained, inclusive, greener, and service-led growth in 
order to diversify the Kingdom’s economy away from oil. The economy fell into a deep recession in 2020 in the 
aftermath of the twin shocks of COVID-19 and lower oil prices, creating large shortfalls in fiscal and external 
positions. While the oil sector impact of COVID-19 has accelerated the urgency to delink the path of the economy 
from the oil sector, the pandemic is also likely to change the nature of the services model in many countries, and 
oil will remain a valuable asset to finance the transformation and adaptation to this emerging model or any other 
non-oil growth model for the Kingdom. 
According to the World Bank, the Kingdom had the 17th largest economy in the world and the largest economy 
in the GCC region in the year ended 31 December 2020. The Kingdom’s economy accounted for 49.4 per cent. 
of the combined nominal GDP of the GCC countries and 23.6 per cent. of the combined nominal GDP of the 
countries in the MENA region in the year ended 31 December 2020.  
GDP  
Based on GASTAT’s preliminary figures for 2021, the Kingdom’s real GDP was SAR 2,615 billion (U.S.$697.3 
billion) in the year ended 31 December 2021, representing growth of 3.2 per cent. in real terms as compared to 
real GDP of SAR 2,533 billion (U.S.$675.5 billion) in the year ended 31 December 2020, which represented a 
decrease in growth of 4.1 per cent. in real terms as compared to real GDP of SAR 2,642 billion (U.S.$704.5 
billion) in the year ended 31 December 2019. The growth in GDP for 2021 was largely attributable to a rebound 
in global oil prices following the increase in global oil demand in connection with the global economic recovery 
following the most significant effects of the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020. 
Based on GASTAT’S preliminary figures for 2021, the Kingdom’s total nominal GDP was SAR 3,126 billion 
(U.S.$833.6 billion) in the year ended 31 December 2021, an increase of 18.5 per cent. as compared to SAR 2,638 
billion (U.S.$703.5 billion) in the year ended 31 December 2020, which was a decrease of 12.5 per cent. as 
compared to SAR 3,014 billion (U.S.$803.7 billion) in the year ended 31 December 2019.  
The Oil Sector  
According to OPEC’s 2021 Annual Statistical Bulletin, the Kingdom possessed 16.9 per cent. of the world’s 
proven petroleum reserves as of 31 December 2020 and was the world’s third largest oil producer (accounting for 
13.3 per cent. of the world’s total oil production) and the world’s largest oil exporter (accounting for 15.9 per 
cent. of the world’s total oil exports by volume) in the year ended 31 December 2020. According to GASTAT 
data, in the year ended 31 December 2021, the oil and gas sector accounted for approximately 25.2 per cent. of 
the Kingdom’s GDP, and approximately 73.2 per cent. of export earnings in the year ended 31 December 2021. 
Apart from petroleum, the Kingdom’s other natural resources include natural gas, iron ore, gold and copper. Since

--- Page 158 ---
146 
 
 
oil was first discovered in the Kingdom in 1938, the Kingdom’s economy has expanded rapidly, principally due 
to the revenues generated from the export of crude oil and related products. While the oil industry has historically 
dominated, and continues to be the largest part of, the Kingdom’s economy, for the past several years the Kingdom 
has also been concentrating on the diversification of its economy. These efforts have gained special importance 
following the sustained fall in oil prices from 2014 and current concerns around the sustainability of the higher 
oil prices observed since mid-2021.  
According to GASTAT data, the Kingdom’s GDP in real terms (at constant 2010 prices) contracted by 4.2 per 
cent. to SAR 2.5 billion (U.S.$674.7 million) during 2020 from SAR 2.6 billion (U.S.$704.3 million) in the year 
ended 31 December 2019, compared to a compared to a growth of 0.3 per cent. in 2019. This contraction was 
attributable to a decline of 6.1 per cent. in the oil sector in 2020 due to the Kingdom’s low oil production in 
response to the significant decline in world oil demand as a result of the repercussions of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Similarly, the non-oil sector registered a decline of 2.3 per cent. in 2020 compared to a rise of 3.3 per cent. in the 
preceding year. The non-oil private sector fell by 3.4 per cent. in 2020 against an increase of 3.1 per cent. in the 
preceding year. Moreover, the non-oil Government sector decreased by 0.50 per cent. in 2020 compared to a rise 
of 2.2 per cent. in 2019. Most major economic production activities at constant prices contracted in 2020, albeit 
at varied rates: manufacturing industries fell by 9 per cent.; mining and quarrying by 6 per cent.; transportation, 
storage and communications by 6.4 per cent.; wholesale and retail trade, restaurants and hotels by 6.9 per cent.; 
community, social and personal services by 7.4 per cent.; electricity, gas and water by 4.1 per cent.; and 
agriculture, forestry and fishing by 1.7 per cent. Conversely, the contribution of finance, insurance, real estate and 
business services, construction, and Government services to GDP increased in 2020 by 3.2 per cent., 1.9 per cent. 
and 0.2 per cent., respectively, compared to 2019. 
Based on GASTAT’s preliminary figures for 2021, the non-oil sector of the economy contributed 62.6 per cent. 
and 71.1 per cent. to the Kingdom’s real GDP in the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020, respectively, and 
grew by 6.8 per cent. and contracted by 1 per cent. in real terms in the same time periods, with part of such growth 
being attributable to growth of 9.2 per cent. and contraction of 1.1 per cent. in real terms in the non-oil private 
sector in the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
Furthermore, the prioritisation of the non-oil private sector by the Government, which is a key element of the 
Government’s economic diversification policy, resulted in the non-oil private sector contributing 41.7 per cent. 
and 46.3 per cent. to real GDP for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
The oil sector continues to constitute the largest portion of the Kingdom’s economy. The oil sector accounted for 
39.9 per cent. and 38.4 per cent. of the Kingdom’s real GDP in the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020, 
respectively, while oil revenues accounted for 58.2 per cent. and 52.8 per cent. of total Government revenues in 
the fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively. Oil exports accounted for 73.2 per cent., 68.7 per cent., 76.6 per cent. 
and 78.7 per cent. of the Kingdom’s total exports by value in 2021, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. 
In the year ended 31 December 2021, the Kingdom’s total crude oil production was 3,358 million barrels, 
compared to 3,367 million barrels, 3,580 million barrels and 3,765 million barrels in the years ended 31 December 
2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. In the year ended 31 December 2021, the Kingdom’s daily average of crude 
oil production was 9.2 million bpd, compared to 9.2 million bpd, 9.8 million bpd and 10.3 million bpd in the years 
ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. The decrease in the Kingdom’s total crude oil production 
during these periods was principally due to decreased demand in the international oil markets which, in the case 
of 2021 and 2020, was largely attributable to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
The following table sets forth the yearly average OPEC Reference Basket price (a weighted average of prices per 
barrel for petroleum blends produced by the OPEC countries) and the monthly spot price per barrel of Arabian 
Light Crude Oil (which is one of the types of crude oil produced by Saudi Aramco and constitutes part of the 
OPEC Reference Basket) in each of the years indicated. 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
2017 
2016 
2015 
2014 
2013 
2012 
2011 
2010 
2000 
 
(U.S.$ per barrel) 
OPEC Reference Basket 
price .................................. 
41.47 
64.04 
 
69.78 
 
52.43 
40.76 
49.49 
96.29 
105.87 109.45 107.46 
77.45 
27.60 
Arabian Light Crude Oil 
price .................................. 
41.91 
64.96 
 
70.59 
 
52.59 
40.96 
49.85 
97.18 
106.53 110.22 107.82 
77.82 
26.81 
 _________________  
Source: OPEC

--- Page 159 ---
147 
 
 
As illustrated by the data above, international oil prices have fluctuated significantly over the past two decades. 
For example, the OPEC Reference Basket price declined from a monthly average of U.S.$107.89 per barrel in 
June 2014 to a monthly average of U.S.$26.50 per barrel in January 2016, before partially recovering to a monthly 
average of U.S.$62.92 in June 2019. In 2020, the yearly average OPEC Reference Basket price per barrel was 
U.S.$41.47, reflecting a sharp fall in April 2020 driven by OPEC actions and significantly reduced demand as a 
result of COVID-19 and a slow recovery throughout the remainder of the year. Oil prices rose over the course of 
2021 and, as of 31 December 2021, the average OPEC Reference Basket price per barrel was U.S.$77.97. More 
recently, since the beginning of 2022, global oil prices have risen sharply, which can be attributed to a number of 
factors, including, but not limited to, production cuts by OPEC and partners to counter falling oil prices as a result 
of the COVID-19 pandemic, the rebound in global oil demand as economies continue to recover from the impact 
of the COVID-19 pandemic and, most notably, the Russian invasion of Ukraine in February 2022, following 
which the average monthly OPEC Reference Basket price per barrel for March 2022 rose to U.S.$113.48. The 
price per barrel of Arabian Light Crude Oil has also moved in line with these trends.  
Until mid-2014, rising oil prices and production resulted in large external and fiscal surpluses for over a decade 
and, as a result, the Kingdom’s public debt steadily decreased during that period. Accumulated fiscal surpluses 
enabled the Government to reduce its public debt by 93.5 per cent. from SAR 685.2 billion (U.S.$182.7 billion) 
in 2002 to SAR 44.3 billion (U.S.$11.8 billion) in 2014. As a consequence, the Kingdom’s debt-to-GDP ratio 
decreased from 96.4 per cent. of nominal GDP in 2003 to 1.6 per cent. of nominal GDP in the year ended 31 
December 2014, one of the lowest of any country in the world. However, given the significant contribution of the 
oil sector to the Kingdom’s economy, the significant decline in global oil prices since mid-2014 has resulted in 
substantially lower oil exports by value and therefore lower Government revenues. This trend has resulted in the 
Government increasing its use of domestic and international debt markets to support its domestic spending 
programmes and help finance the national budget deficit. For example, the 2021 national budget deficit of SAR 
73.5 billion (U.S.$19.6 billion) was financed with SAR 42.5 billion (U.S.$11.3 billion) in domestic borrowing, 
SAR 29 billion (U.S.$7.7 billion) in external borrowing and SAR 2 billion (U.S.$0.53 billion) from the 
Government’s cash reserves. As of 31 December 2021, the Kingdom’s total debt stood at SAR 938 billion 
(U.S.$250.1 billion), representing 30 per cent. of nominal GDP, with SAR 559 billion (U.S.$149.1 billion) in 
domestic debt and SAR 379.3 billion (U.S.$101.2 billion) in external debt.  
Similarly, the Government recorded a budget deficit equivalent to 11.2 per cent. of the Kingdom’s nominal GDP 
for the year ended 31 December 2020. This expansion of the budget deficit from 4.7 per cent. in fiscal year 2019 
was driven by the effect of the COVID-19 pandemic and corresponding actions taken by the Government to 
support the local economy and to combat the disease. However, the national budget deficit contracted to 2.3 per 
cent. of the Kingdom’s nominal GDP for the year ended 31 December 2021. This fall in the budget deficit was 
principally due to a significant rebound in the value of the Kingdom’s oil exports, leading to higher Government 
revenues, as a result of the recovery in global oil prices in 2021. Notwithstanding the recent national budget 
deficits, the Government is able to rely on its significant cash reserves accumulated as a result of the fiscal 
surpluses in the years prior to the recent oil price decline. As of 31 December 2021, the Government’s reserve 
assets amounted to SAR 1,707 billion (U.S.$455.2 billion). Moreover, with a national budget surplus expected 
for 2022, Government borrowing levels are not anticipated to increase at the present time. 
Inflation  
The inflation rate in the Kingdom was 1.2 per cent. in the year ended 31 December 2021, compared to 5.3 per 
cent. and 0.2 per cent. in the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019, respectively. The following table sets forth 
the consumer price index and the percentage change, year-on-year, of consumer prices in the Kingdom for each 
of the years ended 31 December 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
Consumer Price Index(1) ............................................................................................... 
105.1 
103.8 
98.5 
Consumer Price Index Change (%) .............................................................................. 
1.2 
5.3 
0.2 
 _________________  
Source: GASTAT  
Note: 
 
(1) 
Consumer Price Index based on 2018=100 
The consumer price index in the Kingdom comprises 12 groups. The three groups with the largest weighting in 
the consumer price index as of 31 December 2021 were: (i) housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels (25.5 
per cent. of total weight); (ii) food and beverages (18.8 per cent. of total weight); and (iii) transport (13.1 per cent.

--- Page 160 ---
148 
 
 
of total weight), which showed inflation levels of -1.6 per cent., 1.1 per cent. and 7.2 per cent., respectively, in 
the year ended 31 December 2021, compared to -1.5 per cent., 12.73 per cent. and 6.9 per cent., respectively, in 
the year ended 31 December 2020 and -0.4 per cent., 0.6 per cent. and 0.3 per cent., respectively, in the year ended 
31 December 2019.  
Population and demographics  
The population of the Kingdom was estimated by GASTAT to be 35 million as of 1 July 2020, representing an 
increase of 2.3 per cent. as compared to 34.2 million as of 1 July 2019. According to SAMA data, Saudi nationals 
comprised 21.4 million, or 61.1 per cent. of the total population, and non-Saudi nationals comprised 13.6 million, 
or 39 per cent. of the total population as of 31 July 2020. The Kingdom has a young population, with 67 per cent. 
of Saudi nationals being under the age of 35 and 30 per cent. under the age of 15 according to GASTAT’s Saudi 
Youth in Numbers 2020 report. The following table sets forth the Kingdom’s population estimates as of 30 June 
2020, 2019, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. 
 
As of 31 July  
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
2017 
2016 
Saudi nationals ...................................................  
21,430,128 
21,103,198 
20,768,627 
20,427,576 
20,081,582 
Male ..............................................................  
10,907,568 
10,743,666 
10,575,895 
10,404,865 
10,231,364 
Female ..........................................................  
10,522,560 
10,359,532 
10,192,732 
10,022,711 
9,850,218 
Non-Saudi nationals ...........................................  
13,583,286 
13,114,971 
12,645,033 
12,185,270 
11,705,998 
Male ..............................................................  
9,323,857 
8,995,390 
8,665,061 
8,341,557 
8,028,355 
Female ..........................................................  
4,259,429 
4,119,581 
3,979,972 
3,843,713 
3,677,643 
Total population ...............................................  
35,013,414 
34,218,169 
33,413,660 
32,612,641 
31,787,580 
Population growth (annual %) ........................  
2.3 
2.4 
2.5  
2.6 
2.5 
 _________________  
Source: SAMA Annual Statistics (2020) 
The non-Saudi portion of the Kingdom’s total population comprises expatriates from neighbouring states as well 
as significant numbers of expatriates from Asia (mostly from India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Indonesia and the 
Philippines), Europe, the Americas and other countries around the world. The official language of the Kingdom 
is Arabic, although English is widely spoken. 
Employment 
Based on estimates of GASTAT’s Labor Force Survey 2021, as of 31 December 2021, the unemployment rate 
among Saudi nationals was 11 per cent., a decrease of 1.6 per cent. as compared to the unemployment rate as of 
31 December 2020. As of 31 December 2021, the total labour force in the Kingdom was 13.1 million, of which 
10.7 million, or 81.7 per cent., was male and 2.4 million, or 18.2 per cent., was female.  
Key labour market indicators improved among Saudi nationals in 2021 as indicated by an increase in the overall 
number of people entering employment, as well as employment rates rising amongst both male and female Saudi 
nationals; as of 31 December 2021, the total employment rate for Saudi males stood at 66.8 per cent. (an increase 
of 1.8 per cent. from 2020) and 35.6 per cent. for females (an increase of 1.5 per cent. from 2020). Reflecting the 
increase in the number of jobs available in 2021 as compared to 2020, the number of Saudi males and Saudi 
females in employment increased by 2.1 per cent. and 0.9 per cent., respectively, to 63.3 per cent. of Saudi males 
and 27.6 per cent. of Saudi females. The increase in the rate of employment for Saudi males of working age kept 
pace with the increase in the participation rate amongst this demographic, pushing the unemployment rate amongst 
Saudi males down by 0.7 per cent. to 5.2 per cent. Conversely, the increase in the rate of employment for Saudi 
females of working age fell behind the equivalent increase in labour force participation, and the unemployment 
rate increased marginally by 0.6 per cent. to 22.5 per cent. 
In 2021, Saudi youth employment rose as evidenced by an increase in the employment-to-population ratio of 2.1 
per cent. to 22.5 per cent. The rise in youth employment was concentrated among the male youth population in 
the Kingdom, whose employment rate rose by 3.7 per cent. to 32.7 per cent., leading to a decrease in the Saudi 
male youth unemployment rate of 2.6 per cent. to 12.3 per cent. The unemployment rate among Saudi female 
youths increased by 2.4 per cent. to 25.2 per cent. These changes widened the gap in unemployment rates between 
the Saudi male and female youth population. As of 31 December 2021, the unemployment rate of female Saudi 
youths was over twice that of Saudi male youths. Among the core working-age population aged between 25 and 
54, the male unemployment rate fell by 0.5 per cent. to 4.3 per cent., and the female unemployment rate rose by

--- Page 161 ---
149 
 
 
0.5 per cent. to 23.3 per cent. As of the same date, the employment-to-population ratio increased by 1.6 per cent. 
to 83.2 per cent. for males, and increased by 1.1 per cent. to 38.2 per cent. for females. Among persons 55 years 
and over, as of 31 December 2021, the employment-to-population ratio rose by 1.7 per cent. to 38.7 per cent. for 
males and by 1.6 per cent. to 12.8 per cent. for females. Labour force participation rates of persons aged 55 and 
over are significantly lower than those of the core working age population (those aged between 25 and 54); 38.9 
per cent. as compared to 87 per cent. for males, and 13.3 per cent. as compared to 49.8 per cent. for females. The 
unemployment rate of persons over 55 years remains very low at 1.3 per cent. as of 31 December 2021. 
Interest rate development 
Three-month SAIBOR increased steadily from 1.8117 per cent. as at 31 December 2017, to 2.4510 per cent. as at 
31 December 2018 to 2.6318 as at 31 December 2019 and 0.8560 per cent. as of 31 October 2020. The decrease 
in SAIBOR was mainly due to the decrease in the repo and reverse repo rates. 
The reverse repo rate was increased by SAMA in December 2016 from 50 basis points to 75 basis points, as a 
response to an increase in interest rates in the United States by the U.S. Federal Reserve, from 75 basis points to 
150 basis points in December 2017 and to 250 basis points in December 2018, as a response to developments in 
international financial markets. The reverse repo rate was decreased to 225 basis points in August 2019.  
On 3 March 2020, SAMA reduced the repo rate by 0.50 per cent. to 1.7500 per cent. and on 16 March 2020, 
further reduced it by 0.75 per cent. to 1.00 per cent. SAMA also reduced the reverse repo rate on 3 March 2020 
by 0.50 per cent. to 1.2500 per cent. and on 16 March 2020, further reduced it by 0.75 per cent. to 0.50 per cent. 
The cuts were implemented as a measure to preserve monetary stability given evolving global developments and 
following the U.S. Federal Reserve’s benchmark interest rate cut. 
The following table sets forth the monthly average SAIBOR, repo rate and reverse repo rate as at 31 December in 
each of 2020, 2019, 2018, 2017 and 2016. 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
2017 
2016 
SAIBOR (three-month average) ..........................................  
1.19 
2.6318 
2.4510 
1.8117 
2.0662 
Repo rate .............................................................................  
1.0000 
2.2500 
3.0000 
2.0000 
2.0000 
Reverse repo rate .................................................................  
0.5000 
1.7500 
2.5000 
1.5000 
0.7500 
 _________________  
Source: SAMA 
In order to allow for further transparency and reliability in the method of calculation of SAIBOR, on 15 November 
2016, SAMA announced the appointment of Thomson Reuters as the benchmark administrator and calculation 
agent for SAIBOR. Banks contributing to SAIBOR provide their daily contributions to the Thomson Reuters who 
calculates and publishes the rates based on documented methodology and procedures aligned with the 
International Organisation of Securities Commission Principles for Financial Benchmarks. 
Stock market 
On 19 March 2007, the Council of Ministers approved the formation of the Saudi Arabian Stock Exchange (the 
Tadawul). According to data published by the World Federation of Exchanges as of 31 December 2020, the 
Tadawul was the largest stock exchange in the MENA region in terms of market capitalisation, and is also one of 
the most diversified, with its listed companies covering a range of sectors, including petrochemicals, retail, 
financial services, construction and telecommunications, providing potential investors with investment 
opportunities in a wide variety of sectors. 
The following table sets forth various stock market indicators in respect of Tadawul for each of the years ended 
31 December 2021, 2020, 2019, 2018, and 2017, respectively.

--- Page 162 ---
150 
 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
2018 
2017 
 
(SAR billions, unless otherwise indicated) 
Number of shares traded (billions)  .............  
67.5 
79.3 
33.4 
37.8 
44.0  
Value of shares traded  ................................  
2,236 
2,088 
880 
871 
836  
Market capitalisation  ..................................  
10,009 
9,102 
9,025 
1,859  
1,690  
Number of executed transactions (millions)  
91.87 
76.69 
28.40 
25.01  
21.90  
Tadawul All-Share Index  ............................  
11,940 
8,690 
8,389 
7,827  
7,226   
 _________________  
Source: SAMA, Tadawul 
According to data published by Tadawul, as of 31 December 2021, 213 companies were listed on the Tadawul 
with a total market capitalisation of SAR 10,009 billion (U.S.$2,669.1 billion), an increase of 379.4 per cent. 
compared to a total market capitalisation of SAR 2,088 billion (U.S.$556.8 billion) as of 31 December 2020, 
which was an increase of 137.3 per cent. from a total market capitalisation of SAR 880 billion (U.S.$234.7 billion) 
as of 31 December 2019. As of 31 December 2021, the Tadawul All-Share Index stood at 11,940, an increase of 
36.4 per cent. from 8,690 as of 31 December 2020, which was an increase of 3.6 per cent. from 8,389 as of 
31 December 2019. 
Credit rating 
The Kingdom has been assigned credit ratings by Moody’s and Fitch Ratings Limited (Fitch). Standard & Poor’s 
Credit Market Services Europe Limited (S&P) also assigns a credit rating to the Kingdom on an unsolicited basis. 
The following table sets forth the credit rating assigned to the Kingdom by each of these rating agencies as of the 
date of this Base Prospectus: 
 
Moody’s 
Fitch 
S&P 
(unsolicited) 
Long-term foreign currency ...........................................................  
A1 
A 
A- 
Outlook ..........................................................................................  
Stable 
Positive 
Positive 
 
 
 
 
The current credit ratings assigned to the Kingdom by Moody’s and Fitch reflect an upgrade by each of these 
credit ratings agencies of the Kingdom’s ratings from, in the case of Moody’s, A1 (negative) to A1 (stable) in 
November 2021 and, in the case of Fitch, from A (stable) to A (positive) in April 2022. Furthermore, in March 
2022, S&P revised the Kingdom’s outlook to positive from stable and affirmed the country's rating at A-/A-2. 
Each of Fitch and Moody’s is established in the UK and is registered in accordance UK CRA Regulation. S&P is 
established in the European Union and is registered under the CRA Regulation. Each of Fitch and Moody’s is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the UK Financial Conduct Authority on its website in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. S&P is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
Foreign investment 
The Saudi Arabian Foreign Investment Law issued pursuant to Royal Decree No. M/1 dated 05/01/1421H 
(corresponding to 10 April 2000) (as amended, the Foreign Investment Law) requires all foreign investment in 
the Kingdom to be licensed by the MISA. Foreign investments are not permitted for those areas expressly excluded 
by a list (referred to as the negative list) issued by the Council of Ministers in accordance with Article 3 of the 
Foreign Investment Law. The negative list is regularly updated. As part of its effort to attract foreign investment, 
the Kingdom acceded to the WTO in December 2005. The MISA has the jurisdiction to license foreign investment 
in the Kingdom, in addition to the licensing of particular types of investment which are entrusted to other agencies 
(for example, power generation and health care).  
In a move aimed at attracting foreign investment and further strengthening the Kingdom’s capital markets, in June 
2015, the CMA published the Rules for Qualified Foreign Financial Institutions Investment in Listed Securities 
(the QFI Rules) which allow Qualified Foreign Investors (QFIs) to directly invest in shares listed on the Tadawul 
in accordance with the applicable regulations. The QFI Rules have since been amended on several occasions to 
further encourage participation by foreign investors by expanding the definition of a ‘qualified foreign institution’ 
and relaxing certain ownership thresholds and limits. It is anticipated that the opening of the Tadawul to foreign 
investors will support increased participation by institutional investors and thereby reduce market volatility as

--- Page 163 ---
151 
 
 
well as encourage Saudi companies listed on the Tadawul to adopt international best practices and benefit from 
the input of sophisticated foreign institutions. In March 2018, FTSE Russell announced that the Tadawul would 
be classified as a “Secondary Emerging Market” in the FTSE Global Equity Index Series from its previous status 
of “Unclassified”. The Tadawul was included in MSCI’s Emerging Market Index in two phases in May 2019 and 
August 2019 and its status upgraded to “Emerging Market” status from its previous status of “Standalone Market”.  
In 2020, the Government approved the listing of government assets planned for privatisation through a direct or 
indirect initial public offering on the Tadawul. 
Vision 2030 envisages several measures aimed at attracting foreign investment and enhancing the confidence of 
foreign investors in the Kingdom’s economy, including the streamlining of the visa regime applicable to business 
visitors, and the NTP has assigned to the MISA specific targets relating to increase in foreign investment in the 
Kingdom. The MISA, in coordination with a number of other Government institutions and ministries, has also 
launched the ‘National Investment Plan’, which aims to contribute to the diversification of the economy and 
increase productivity by attracting foreign investment in specified sectors with well-established investment 
opportunities.

--- Page 164 ---
152 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE REAL ESTATE SECTOR IN THE KINGDOM  
The information in this section has been derived from a number of different identified sources. The Trustee and 
Dar Al-Arkan confirm that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as they are aware, 
and are able to ascertain from the information published by each of the relevant sources, no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Overview 
The Saudi real estate sector has grown steadily in recent years, benefiting from growing demand for residential 
and commercial properties as a result of the increasing population, changing demographics, the growing hotel and 
tourism industry and higher personal disposable income.  
The population of Saudi Arabia was estimated by GASTAT to be 35 million as of 1 July 2020, representing an 
increase of 2.4 per cent. compared to 34.2 million as of 1 July 2019. According to SAMA, Saudi nationals 
comprised 21.4 million, or 61.2 per cent. of the total population, and non-Saudi nationals comprised 13.6 million, 
or 38.8 per cent. of the total population as of 31 July 2020. Saudi Arabia has a young population, with 67 per cent. 
of Saudi nationals being under the age of 35 and 30.3 per cent. under the age of 15 according to GASTAT’s Saudi 
Youth in Numbers 2020 report. According to estimates by the IMF, the population of the Kingdom will continue 
to grow at a rate of 2 per cent. per annum. The IMF estimates that the Kingdom’s population will reach 37.4 
million by 2024 and approximately 43.2 million by 2050. 
Although the Saudi population is increasing, average household sizes are declining. Together with the population 
increase, the Kingdom has undergone rapid urbanisation in recent decades and, as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, over 83 per cent. of the total population of the Kingdom lives in cities, with approximately half the 
population being concentrated in the six largest cities of Riyadh, Jeddah, Makkah, Medina, Ta’if and Dammam. 
Average annual housing demand is anticipated to grow from 99,600 units in 2021 to 153,000 units by 2030 with 
an average of 124,000 units over the period. The housing market in the Kingdom is also currently witnessing an 
increase in PPPs as part of the Government’s plan to attract more private sector investment in the housing sector. 
Saudi Arabia currently faces a shortage of availability in the housing sector, particularly in the low to mid income 
levels. According to estimates by the MoMRAH and the REDF, the Kingdom will require an additional 1.2 million 
homes over the next 10 years to reach a total housing stock of 4.96 million units by 2030. In February 2016, 
SAMA increased the limit on real estate financing provided by real estate financing companies from 70 per cent. 
to 85 per cent. of the value of a home (effectively reducing the minimum required down payment on a home from 
30 per cent. to 15 per cent.) on the basis that the previous requirement had resulted in a market slowdown and was 
prohibitive to many low- to middle-income Saudi nationals. In January 2017, SAMA further increased the limit 
on real estate financing provided by real estate financing companies from 85 per cent. to 90 per cent. of the value 
of a home (effectively reducing the minimum required down-payment on a home from 15 per cent. to 10 per 
cent.). 
The real estate sector in Saudi Arabia, including the housing market, which is a large part of the real estate sector, 
is driven by positive economic developments as well as favourable demographic fundamentals. Notwithstanding 
the continued volatility in global oil prices, Dar Al-Arkan expects that continued growth in other sectors of the 
Kingdom’s economy is likely to drive continued growth in real estate development. 
Development of the housing and real estate sector 
The Housing Programme 
Under Vision 2030, the Housing Programme was launched in 2018, with the aim of developing the housing sector 
to provide Saudi citizens with greater access to the housing market by expanding the availability of affordable 
housing and suitable financing options. This support is intended to increase the percentage of Saudi families that 
own residential properties in the Kingdom. 
As a result of the current housing shortage in the Kingdom, one of the key objectives of the Government in recent 
years has been to develop the housing and real estate sector. For example, the first phase of the NTP (which was 
launched in 2016 (see “Overview of the Kingdom”)) was intended by the Government to: (i) double the 
contribution of real estate activity to the Kingdom’s economy to 10 per cent. by 2020, averaging out at a 7 per 
cent. annual growth; (ii) increase the percentage of Saudi families owning homes from 47 per cent. to 52 per cent. 
by 2020; (iii) increase the percentage of real estate financing to non-oil GDP from 8 per cent. to 15 per cent. by 
2020; and (iv) reduce the waiting period for obtaining home financing from 15 years to five years by 2020. One

--- Page 165 ---
153 
 
 
of the key objectives of the NTP has also been to strengthen the Government’s partnership with the private sector 
in order to address the housing supply shortage in the Kingdom. 
To date, the Housing Programme has achieved significant success as it has increased Saudi home ownership rates 
from 47 per cent. in 2016 to 60 per cent. in 2020. This rise in home ownership was achieved through meeting 
housing demand by expanding access to a sufficient quantity of quality housing through initiatives such as the 
Sakani platform. The Housing Programme has succeeded in stimulating supply in the housing sector through 
effective partnerships with the private sector, represented by real estate developers and house-builders, in addition 
to the establishment of the National Housing Company and the “Etmam” e-portal which was launched in 2017. 
The National Housing Company is a Saudi company owned by the MoMRAH, which facilitates the obtaining of 
approvals for project planning thereby expediting the planning permission process and improving the execution 
of the development process.  
One of the central aims of the Government under the Housing Programme is to increase the percentage of Saudi 
families owning houses to 70 per cent. by 2030. It is expected that this will be accomplished by targeting the most 
underprivileged segments of society. The Housing Programme has also been involved in developing and 
improving regulations as well as regulatory and legislative activities, by establishing the General Authority for 
Real Estate to be the central regulatory entity for the real estate sector. 
The MoMRAH has launched several initiatives in recent years which have focused on Saudi Arabia’s housing 
sector, including the Wafi Programme, the Housing PPP Programme and the Ejar Programme. The Wafi 
Programme assists individuals in the purchase of off-plan properties while providing real estate developers with 
financing solutions. The Housing PPP Programme establishes partnerships between the Government and local 
and international real estate developers with the aim of increasing the housing capacity in the Kingdom and 
enhancing its quality. The Ejar Programme establishes an online platform which is linked to SAMA’s electronic 
payment service (SADAD) and which is intended to protect the rights of all parties in a rental relationship (i.e., 
lessors, lessees and brokers). 
Affordable Housing 
The Government remains focused on supporting the least privileged of its citizens in their housing needs. The 
Government has overseen a number of noteworthy achievements, of which some of the most significant are: 
 
removing the requirement of waiting for Government housing support for 15 years and implementing a 
system of immediate entitlement through the “Sakani” platform and providing housing and financing 
solutions to 834,000 families, including 310,000 families who have already moved into their new homes; 
 
providing adequate housing for families most in need of Government support by providing more than 
46,000 housing units in various regions of the Kingdom in partnership with the non-profit sector and 
more than 350 associations; and 
 
facilitating partnerships with the private sector by developing more than 141,000 housing units and 
strengthening the partnerships with banks and financial institutions to provide more than 420,000 
subsidised real estate financings to Saudi citizens. 
Real Estate Financing 
The REDF has launched several financing programmes and solutions to increase home ownership among Saudi 
nationals, including the Additional Financing Programme, the Accelerated Loan Programme and the Dhamin 
Programme. In January 2017, the MoMRAH launched the Sakani initiative with the aim of providing assistance 
to Saudi nationals based on their income levels and the number of family members in each household. The Sakani 
programme also included nearly 280,000 residential and funding products for the allocation and delivery in all 
regions of the Kingdom. In addition, 75,000 residential plots of land were made available for construction, as well 
as 85,000 residential plots of land with the costs thereof to be subsidised by the Government in partnership with 
the REDF, and a number of banks and other financial institutions.  
According to SAMA, financing disbursements approved by the REDF amounted to SAR 5 billion in 2020, down 
by 54.5 per cent. from 2019. Total outstanding financings amounted to SAR 155 billion at the end of 2020, a 
decline of 1.2 per cent. from 2019. The establishment of the SREFC pursuant to the Real Estate Finance Law (see 
below “Real Estate Laws and Regulation”) has helped to expand the real estate sector by refinancing residential 
mortgages. SREFC has been partnering with mortgage originating institutions by providing short-, medium- and

--- Page 166 ---
154 
 
 
long-term financing solutions and also purchasing finance lease portfolios from these institutions in order to fund 
its operations and future growth.  
Management believes that these financing initiatives will contribute to an increase in demand for housing in the 
Kingdom which, amongst other things, could raise the average selling price of residential units, including those 
sold under Dar Al-Arkan’s residential and commercial projects.  
Real Estate Laws and Regulation 
Until 2012, there had been no specific laws governing the provision of home finance in the Kingdom. On 3 July 
2012, five laws, which collectively comprise the real estate financing laws in the Kingdom, were approved by 
Royal Decrees: (i) the Real Estate Financing Law; (ii) the Finance Lease Law; (iii) the Finance Companies 
Control Law; (iv) the Execution Law; and (v) the Registered Real Estate Mortgage Law. The five laws provide a 
framework for companies to provide financing, including, but not limited to, real estate finance, general leasing 
finance and consumer finance under the Islamic principles of Shari’a.  
The Real Estate Financing Law gives SAMA responsibility for the supervision of the real estate financing practice 
in the Kingdom. The Real Estate Financing Law requires a real estate financing company to obtain a special 
licence from SAMA permitting it to engage only in real estate financing activities. According to the Finance 
Companies Control Law, a real estate financing company may not engage in other types of financing activities. 
The Real Estate Financing Law also allows real estate financing companies to refinance their finance obligations 
through a securitization in accordance with the Capital Market Law.  
The Finance Lease Law regulates the finance lease market in the Kingdom. It deals with moveable and 
immoveable assets which are the subject of finance leases and the registration of such leased assets. It also outlines 
the responsibilities of the lessor and the lessee in a Shari’a-compliant manner.  
The Finance Companies Control Law regulates finance companies in the Kingdom. It provides that a finance 
company must be in the form of a joint stock company and that a certain percentage of the finance company must 
be offered through a public offering after two financial years. SAMA will also be responsible for determining the 
maximum foreign ownership allowance in the finance company. 
The Execution Law gives power to execution judges to enforce judgments and supervise such enforcements. 
Specifically, execution judges are responsible for enforcing judicial resolutions issued by the competent courts, 
judicial authorities, arbitration tribunal, as well as, judgments and arbitral awards issued outside the Kingdom. 
Execution judges also have authority under the Execution Law to seek police support in relation to enforcement. 
The Execution Law provides for the method for enforcement of attachments and for the sale of assets through 
auctions or other methods depending on the type of asset. 
Prior to the implementation of the Execution Law, the process for enforcing security was reserved for the 
municipalities, or the “Imarah”, of the cities, which had the power to enforce judgments through ordering the 
police or any of the other relevant executive authorities to enforce judgments. It remains to be seen whether judges 
will allow the foreclosure of properties pursuant to the Execution Law, although if judges are to allow foreclosure, 
the procedure would need to be compliant with Shari’a principles.  
The Registered Real Estate Mortgage Law requires the registration of real estate mortgages and provides that 
pledged assets be fully described in the mortgage contract to avoid uncertainty or the risk of fraud. The law gives 
the right to a mortgagee to apply to the courts to prevent any matters that may reduce the value of the collateral, 
while finance providers are given the right to request further security should the value of the collateral fall below 
the debt value as a result of the fault of the borrower. A mortgagee is also permitted transfer its mortgage to a 
third party. Given that the implementing regulations in respect of the Registered Real Estate Mortgage Law have 
not yet been published, there is uncertainty over the impact of the law on the real estate and mortgage industries 
in the Kingdom. 
These laws were introduced to positively impact the home financing market in the Kingdom, particularly among 
the middle-income market segment, increasing access to, and the availability of, home financing options.  
According to the 57th annual report by SAMA published in 2021, the number of new residential real estate finance 
contracts submitted by banks and finance companies reached 295,600 contracts in 2020, compared to 179,200 
contracts during 2019. The total value of mortgage financings extended to customers in the Kingdom amounted 
to SAR 140.7 billion (U.S.$37.5 billion) in 2020 compared to SAR 79.6 billion (U.S.$21.2 billion) in 2019, 
recording an increase of 76.7 per cent.

--- Page 167 ---
155 
 
 
Retail and corporate real estate financings extended by banks continued their growth to SAR 428.4 billion, 
increasing by 44.1 per cent. or SAR 131 billion (U.S.$34.9 billion) in 2020, compared to a growth rate of 24.6 per 
cent. or SAR 58.8 billion (U.S.$15.7 billion) in 2019. Retail real estate financings recorded a rise of 59.1 per cent. 
or SAR 117.1 billion (U.S.$31.2 billion) to SAR 315.2 billion (U.S.$84.1 billion), compared to an increase of 
41.2 per cent. or SAR 57.8 billion (U.S.$15.4 billion) in the preceding year, accounting for 73.6 per cent. of total 
real estate financings at the end of 2020. Corporate real estate financings extended by commercial banks also rose 
by 14 per cent. or SAR 13.9 billion (U.S.$3.7 billion) to SAR 113.2 billion (U.S.$30.2 billion) in 2020, compared 
to a rise of 1 per cent. or SAR 1 billion (U.S.$266.7 million) in the preceding year, accounting for 26.4 per cent. 
of total real estate financings. 
Foreign Real Estate Ownership 
In April 2022, it was announced that Saudi Arabia was proposing to repeal certain provisions of the Real Estate 
Ownership and Investment Law. The proposed amendments are intended to enhance the real estate sector in the 
Kingdom by attracting investment in new property developments and to stimulate growth in other economic 
sectors by non-Saudi nationals and non-Saudi owned businesses. A public consultation process with respect to 
the proposed amendments to the Real Estate Ownership and Investment Law took place in May 2022 and it is 
anticipated that such amendments will be implemented towards the end of 2022. 
White Land Tax 
The White Land Tax was approved by Royal Decree on 24 November 2015. This tax, along with a tax on high-
end properties, is intended to discourage investment in land solely for capital appreciation purposes and to 
discourage speculative buying of land. It is intended that the law will encourage expenditure on low- and middle-
income housing and increase residential development. At a rate of 2.5 per cent., the White Land Tax has, since 
March 2017, been applied to undeveloped land plots of over 10,000 square metres located within approved master 
planned developments specified by the MoMRAH. The MoMRAH is responsible for valuing the land and 
collecting the tax, in addition to imposing fines for non-compliance. Land valuation is based on factors including 
location, zone, surface condition, applicable building requirements, access to utilities and general neighbouring 
services. The application of the White Land Tax to serviced urban land is expected to address the supply side 
concerns by increasing the availability of land for development which otherwise would be lying vacant for 
speculative purposes. Given its landbank locations and current projects under development, Dar Al-Arkan has not 
been subject to the White Land Tax to date. 
As of 31 December 2021, Dar Al-Arkan’s development properties consisted of SAR 19.65 billion (U.S.$5.24 
billion) including project lands and properties of SAR 14.01 billion (U.S.$3.74 billion), all of which was valued 
on its balance sheet at cost. The majority of Dar Al-Arkan’s development properties are geographically diversified 
within the Kingdom.  
Off-Plan Sales Regulations 
In September 2017, the Council of Ministers approved a new set of regulations permitting the sale and lease of 
off-plan units in the Kingdom. The issuance of these new regulations is expected to increase off-plan sales 
significantly over time and will reduce execution risk to developers, increase developers’ profitability and reduce 
capital outlay. For example, down payments will not be permitted to exceed 20 per cent. of the unit’s value and 
must be made by cheque or bank transfer into escrow accounts, which can be accessed and monitored by 
authorities, however remain available to developers for the purpose of financing the building program. Dar Al-
Arkan launched in May 2018 the first phase of the off-plan sales of units in the Shams Ar Riyadh development, 
multiple subsequent phases were launched in 2020. These off-plan sales, and related customer advances, will help 
Dar Al-Arkan utilise less internal cash as well as less project finance debt to finance projects hence increasing its 
profitability. 
Other initiatives designed to boost the real estate sector 
In February 2016, SAMA increased the limit on real estate financing from 70 per cent. to 85 per cent. of the value 
of a home (effectively reducing the minimum required down payment on a home from 30 per cent. to 15 per cent.) 
on the basis that the previous requirement had resulted in a market slowdown and was prohibitive to many low- 
to middle-income Saudi nationals. In January 2017, SAMA further increased the limit on real estate financing 
provided by real estate financing companies from 85 per cent. to 90 per cent. of the value of a home (effectively 
reducing the minimum required down-payment on a home from 15 per cent. to 10 per cent.). The increase in the 
financing-to-value ratio has had the effect of increasing the level of mortgage financing in the Kingdom which, in

--- Page 168 ---
156 
 
 
turn, has enhanced the Kingdom’s real estate sector. The establishment of the SREFC, a company owned by the 
Public Investment Fund, is also expected to encourage mortgage financing by refinancing residential mortgages 
up to an amount of SAR 1 billion in the coming years. 
Value Added Tax and Real Estate Transaction Tax 
On 1 January 2018, the Government began implementing value added tax (VAT) at a basic rate of 5 per cent. 
VAT was subsequently increased from 5 per cent. to 15 per cent. as of July 2020. However, following consultation 
between the Government and various stakeholders in the Kingdom, the Government decreed that real estate 
transactions were to be exempted from VAT as of 4 October 2020 and, instead, be subject to a real estate 
transaction tax (RETT) at a rate of 5 per cent. pursuant to Royal Decree No. (A/84) dated 1 October 2020. RETT 
is payable in respect of transactions involving any legal transfer of ownership or possession of Saudi Arabian real 
estate, including, but not limited to, contracts intended for the purpose of transferring the right of usage or the 
right to a long-term lease.  
Each real estate transaction must be registered with the Saudi Arabian Zakat, Tax and Customs Authority, and 
RETT must be accounted for by the seller on each transaction separately. Certain real estate transactions are 
exempt from RETT, for example, disposals related to family or charitable endowments; dividing property for 
inheritance purposes; gifts between relatives up to the third degree; disposal of real estate in accordance with a 
legally documented will; disposals by a government entity acting in its capacity as a public authority, or a 
government agency or legal public body for public benefit; temporary disposals for the purpose of a guarantee for 
financing or credit or transferring between a fund and custodian; a contribution for shares of a company established 
in the Kingdom (except for joint stock companies), provided the shares are not disposed of within five years; 
disposals if one of the parties is a foreign government, international organisation, diplomatic or military body, or 
mission or a member of the diplomatic, consular or military corps accredited in Saudi Arabia, provided reciprocity 
applies.

--- Page 169 ---
157 
 
 
BUSINESS  
Dar Al-Arkan is a leading real estate developer in the Kingdom and is involved in all major aspects of real estate 
development, including sourcing and purchasing land, overseeing the design and construction of developments 
and marketing and sales. Dar Al-Arkan is a joint stock company registered in Riyadh. Dar Al-Arkan was initially 
incorporated as a limited liability company on 18 July 2000 and converted to a Joint Stock Company in 2005 
under Ministerial decree number 1021 dated 17 July 2005 with commercial registration number 1010160195. The 
shares of Dar Al-Arkan are listed on the Tadawul All Share Index of the Saudi Stock Exchange. Dar Al-Arkan’s 
registered office is PO Box 105633, Riyadh, 11656, Saudi Arabia, and its telephone number is +966(11) 206 9888. 
In addition to its head office in Riyadh, Dar Al-Arkan has three branch offices located in Makkah, Jeddah and 
Medina. 
Dar Al-Arkan currently operates in three strategic business segments, as follows: 
 
Properties Development: which comprises: (i) land development projects; and (ii) residential and 
commercial projects; 
 
Asset Management: which focuses on the leasing and management of Dar Al-Arkan’s investment 
properties; and 
 
Investments: which focuses on strategic investments in companies that are complementary to Dar 
Al-Arkan’s real estate development operations. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Properties Development business segment accounted for the significant 
majority of Dar Al-Arkan’s business.  
Dar Al-Arkan’s business has evolved from buying and selling undeveloped land to the planning and developing 
of master communities. Dar Al-Arkan’s current business model has diversified the business away from a near-
exclusive reliance on real estate development in the Kingdom, towards developing an asset base that will generate 
recurring rental streams in each of its business segments in the future, as well as maintaining its focus on 
international real estate development. Since the launch of its first real estate development project in Dubai in 
December 2017 and the opening of its sales offices in Dubai and Sarajevo in June 2017 and September 2017, 
respectively, Dar Al-Arkan has continued to expand its presence in these markets through the W Residences, Dar 
Al-Arkan Pagani Tower and Urban Oasis by Missoni residential developments in Dubai, and the Sidra gated 
residential community in Sarajevo, as well as by opening a new sales office in Beijing, China, in February 2022. 
The table below shows Dar Al-Arkan’s revenue, gross profit and net income for each of the years ended 
31 December 2019, 2020 and 2021, and for each of the three months ended 31 March 2021 and 2022. 
 
31 December (Audited) 
31 March (Reviewed) 
 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2021 
2022 
 
(SAR thousand) 
Revenue .................................... 
3,491,856 
1,944,854 
2,493,078 
554,836 
1,619,339 
Gross Profit .............................. 
824,440 
674,650 
896,728 
204,539 
562,779 
Net Income ............................... 
304,155 
18,794 
132,520 
28,517 
221,018 
 
History and development 
Below is a summary of the key stages of Dar Al-Arkan’s development: 
Stage I (1994 to 1999) 
Dar Al-Arkan was formed in 1994 by members of the following six prominent business families in the Kingdom: 
(i) Al Shelash; (ii) Al Hethloul; (iii) Al Roumi; (iv) Al Jarallah; (v) Al Kasem; and (vi) Al Babteen. Dar Al-Arkan 
primarily operated in the Central region of the Kingdom during its initial years of operations. During this period 
Dar Al-Arkan began to monitor market dynamics, develop business processes and conduct market research. Dar 
Al-Arkan’s operations during this period primarily consisted of purchasing large plots of undeveloped land and 
planning and developing basic infrastructure for residential and commercial use, such as water, sewage, electricity 
and other utilities, as well as paved streets and sidewalks. Dar Al-Arkan then typically sold the semi-developed 
land to third party investors or developers. The development and sale of residential units was limited during this 
period.

--- Page 170 ---
158 
 
 
Stage II (2000 to 2006) 
During this period, Dar Al-Arkan’s business began to expand to the Western and Eastern regions of the Kingdom. 
In addition to developing basic infrastructure on undeveloped land to sell to third parties, there was a gradual shift 
toward developing and selling residential units, particularly for the middle-income segment of the market. Dar 
Al-Arkan was also incorporated as a limited liability company on 18 July 2000. In 2005, Dar Al-Arkan increased 
its share capital from SAR 140 million (U.S.$37.33 million) to SAR 5.40 billion (U.S.$1.44 billion) through a 
private placement in the Saudi domestic market and it converted to a Joint Stock Company in 2005 under 
Ministerial decree number 1021 dated 17 July 2005. 
By 2005, Dar Al-Arkan operated in all three of the major regions of the Kingdom (Eastern, Western and Central) 
and it continued to expand operations relating to the development and sale of residential units. In 2006, Dar Al-
Arkan significantly increased the scope of its projects when it began developing Parisiana (formerly known as Al-
Qasr), its first master-planned community. 
Stage III (2007 to 2010) 
During this period, Dar Al-Arkan continued to expand the scope of its development operations, in particular, by 
developing master-planned communities. In 2007, Dar Al-Arkan began development of the Shams Ar Riyadh 
project, its second master-planned community. 
In December 2007, Dar Al-Arkan listed its ordinary shares on the Tadawul All Share Index of the Saudi Stock 
Exchange, and its founding shareholders offered the equivalent of 11.01 per cent. of Dar Al-Arkan’s then 
outstanding shares to the public through an initial public offering of Dar Al-Arkan’s ordinary shares in the 
Kingdom. Dar Al-Arkan increased its capital again in October 2008 and July 2009 by issuing to its shareholders 
180 million and 360 million bonus shares of par value of SAR 10 each, respectively. To fund the growth of its 
operations, Dar Al-Arkan began to access the domestic and international capital markets. Dar Al-Arkan raised 
funds through three offerings of sukuk, two international offerings in 2007 for U.S.$600 million and 
U.S.$1 billion, and one domestic offering in May 2009 for SAR 750 million (U.S.$200 million). 
Stage IV (2010 to 2017) 
As a result of the negative impact of the international credit crisis on the global financial markets and the resultant 
deterioration in the global economic outlook, which led to a general reduction in liquidity and available financing, 
Dar Al-Arkan prioritised building its cash reserves in order to ensure that it had sufficient funds available to meet 
its financial commitments as they fell due.  
During this period, Dar Al-Arkan repaid four international offerings and one local offering of sukuk, a SAR 2.25 
billion (U.S.$600 million) international sukuk which matured in March 2010, a SAR 3.75 billion (U.S.$1 billion) 
international sukuk which matured in July 2012, a SAR 750 million (U.S.$200 million) local sukuk which matured 
in April 2014, a U.S.$450 million international sukuk which matured in February 2015 and a U.S.$300 million 
international sukuk which matured in November 2016.  
During this period, Dar Al-Arkan also prioritised the completion of a number of its outstanding projects, for 
example, in 2012, Dar Al-Arkan completed the Parisiana development (at the time known as Al-Qasr and which 
now comprises Parisiana Boulevard, Parisiana Living and Parisiana South), its first master-planned community, 
as well as opening Al-Qasr Mall, one of the largest malls in Riyadh, with a built-up area of 230,312 square metres 
and 499 units across four floors and parking capacity for more than 1,800 cars. Dar Al-Arkan has retained Al-
Qasr Mall as a leasable asset as part of its investment properties portfolio and, as of 31 March 2022, the leasing 
ratio (being the ratio of leased area divided by net leasable area) of Al-Qasr Mall was 90 per cent. 
Stage V (2017 to date) 
While continuing to focus on real estate development in the Kingdom, Dar Al-Arkan launched 2,065 residential 
and commercial plots in Shams Ar Riyadh on an off-plan basis in 2018, and rebranded the Parisiana South, 
Parisiana Living, Parisiana Boulevard and Naeem Al Jiwar projects in the Kingdom. In 2021, Dar Al-Arkan 
launched phase 1 of the Shams Al Arous project, a master-planned, best-in-class, integrated community project 
in the Jeddah city area.  
On 27 April 2014, Dar Al-Arkan announced a new master-planned community project in the Eastern Province 
located between Dammam and Ras Tanura (the Juman Project). The Juman Project is intended to be an integrated 
community project, providing residential units, together with public service and commercial facilities, hotels,

--- Page 171 ---
159 
 
 
educational institutions and retail areas and is being developed on a total land area of approximately 8.2 million 
square metres, of which 1.5 million square metres is owned by Dar Al-Arkan. Dar Al-Arkan is acting as the master 
developer of the project, undertaking the master planning and infrastructure development. As of the date of this 
Base Prospectus, land surveys, market studies and the planning and design of the Juman Project have been 
completed. The development of the Juman Project will be completed in phases, with the first phase of the 
construction of the project due to commence towards the end of 2022. This initial phase of the project will involve 
the reclamation of approximately three million square metres of land from the sea, as well as the completion of 
the necessary infrastructure work at a cost of SAR 1.8 billion (U.S.$480 million), which includes the construction 
of bridges to provide a direct connection between Dammam and Ras Tanura where the Juman Project is located. 
This first phase of the project is expected to be completed by 2025. The concept design was presented to the 
Eastern Province Development Authority in 2021 and, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, is awaiting 
government approval to proceed. 
Dar Al-Arkan launched its first international real estate development project in December 2017, the Urban Oasis 
by Missoni tower (previously called the I Love Florence Tower) in Dubai, UAE, comprising bespoke apartments 
with luxury interiors designed by Roberto Cavalli and located on the Dubai Canal, as part of its international 
growth strategy. The Sidra project located near Sarajevo, Bosnia, was launched in 2020, and represents the largest 
single real estate development project in the country covering almost 500,000 square metres of land. In 2021, Dar 
Al-Arkan continued its international expansion through the launch of the Dar Al-Arkan Pagani Tower in Dubai, 
and the signing of a memorandum of understanding with the Omran Group for the development of a 3.5 million 
square metre hilltop site in Yitti and Yenkit, Oman, known as Aida. 
During this period, Dar Al-Arkan has redeemed two further offerings of international sukuk, a U.S.$400 million 
international sukuk which matured in May 2019, and a U.S.$500 million international sukuk which matured in 
April 2022. 
Dar Al-Arkan’s Business Segments 
Properties Development 
Dar Al-Arkan’s Properties Development business segment comprises: (i) land development projects; and 
(ii) residential and commercial projects. 
Development Properties - Land Development Projects 
Dar Al-Arkan’s land development projects involve the purchase of undeveloped land and the planning and 
development of basic infrastructure for residential and commercial use. Once this basic infrastructure has been 
completed, Dar Al-Arkan either sells the developed land to third party investors or to developers, develops a 
residential and commercial project on the developed land, or develops a residential and commercial project on a 
portion of the developed land and retains the remaining portion to sell once its value has appreciated due to the 
completion of the relevant residential and commercial project. 
Management continuously reviews Dar Al-Arkan’s inventory of undeveloped land and land under development 
and sells plots that it considers non-core to Dar Al-Arkan’s real estate development operations. For a further 
discussion of Dar Al-Arkan’s current land development projects, see the section below entitled “Completed 
Projects – Land Development Projects”. 
Development Properties - Residential and Commercial Projects 
Dar Al-Arkan’s residential and commercial projects are targeted towards a diverse range of income segments in 
the Kingdom. Historically, these projects related primarily to the development and sale of residential units and 
Dar Al-Arkan has completed and delivered approximately 15,000 residential units and 500,000 square metres of 
commercial space since it was incorporated. 
In 2006, Dar Al-Arkan significantly increased the scope of its residential and commercial projects when it began 
the development of Parisiana, its first master-planned community, which was completed in 2012. In addition to 
various types of residential villas and apartments, Dar Al-Arkan’s master-planned communities include 
commercial facilities (for example shopping centres and restaurants), public service facilities (for example parks, 
mosques and schools) and office buildings. Management expects that Dar Al-Arkan’s future residential and 
commercial projects will most likely be master-planned communities.

--- Page 172 ---
160 
 
 
In 2017, Dar Al-Arkan refurbished the interior and exterior areas of the residential units contained within the Al-
Qasr and Al-Tilal projects prior to the subsequent rebranding of these developments to Parisiana and Naeem Al 
Jiwar, respectively. 
Dar Al-Arkan is currently developing a number of residential and commercial projects, with the development of 
three master-planned communities at Shams Ar Riyadh located in Riyadh, Shams Al Arous located in Jeddah, and 
the Juman Project located in the Eastern Province between Dammam and Ras Tanura. In addition, Dar Al-Arkan 
is currently in discussions with the MoMRAH relating to proposals to develop residential projects on land owned 
by the MoMRAH in Riyadh as part of the Government’s affordable housing initiative.  
The first phases of each of the three master-planned communities in the Kingdom referred to in the paragraph 
above have an estimated aggregate cost of SAR 6.10 billion (U.S.$1.63 billion) and cover approximately 7.90 
million square metres of land. These master-planned communities are expected to include a significant number of 
residential units and commercial developments. Dar Al-Arkan may retain and lease a portion of these commercial 
units and the residential units to be offered for sale. For a further discussion of these projects, see the section 
below entitled “Completed projects and projects under development”. 
A key aspect of Dar Al-Arkan’s current strategy with respect to its Development Properties business segment is 
to maintain its expansion activities outside the Kingdom. This strategy has been implemented in recent years by 
the launch of several significant developments elsewhere in the Middle East and in Europe through the launch of 
residential and commercial projects known as the Urban Oasis by Missoni tower, the Dar Al-Arkan Pagani Tower 
and the W Residences located in Dubai, and the Sidra gated community project located in Sarajevo, comprising 
residential holiday villas, a hotel and recreational facilities. 
As of 31 March 2022, Dar Al-Arkan’s development properties consisted of SAR 18.85 billion (U.S.$5.03 billion) 
including project lands and properties of SAR 13.35 billion (U.S.$3.56 billion), all of which were valued on its 
balance sheet at cost.  
Asset Management 
The Asset Management business segment comprises the management of Dar Al-Arkan’s investment properties 
which, as of 31 March 2022, had a book value of SAR 1.10 billion (U.S.$292.90 million). Al-Qasr Mall is the 
most valuable investment property in Dar Al-Arkan’s portfolio, accounting for 74 per cent. of the total book value 
of its investment properties as of 31 March 2022. Once Dar Al-Arkan has completed a residential and commercial 
project, it may retain some of the commercial and residential units as rental properties. By retaining these units, 
management intends to build an income-generating portfolio of rental properties, with the goal of establishing a 
recurring revenue stream from rental income and fees received from management operations and maintenance of 
residential and commercial buildings and to enable Dar Al-Arkan to benefit from any potential appreciation in the 
value of such properties. 
Dar Al-Arkan and its consolidated subsidiaries legally and beneficially own a geographically and functionally 
diverse range of properties within the Kingdom, which include villas, townhouses, apartments, offices, shopping 
malls, supermarkets and other retail facilities. For further discussion of rental properties on Dar Al-Arkan’s 
projects, see “Dar Al-Arkan’s Business Segments – Land Development Projects – Residential and Commercial 
Projects”. 
Investments 
As part of its Investments business segment, Dar Al-Arkan makes strategic investments in companies that 
management believes are complementary to Dar Al-Arkan’s real estate development operations. Companies in 
which Dar Al-Arkan has made strategic investments include SHL, a home financing provider in the Kingdom, 
Alkhair Capital, which is regulated by the CMA and provides investment banking and other financial services in 
the Kingdom and the UAE, and Khozam REDC, which owns the Qasr Khozam land development project. As of 
31 March 2022, Dar Al-Arkan had made strategic investments in companies that ranged between 15 per cent. and 
67 per cent. of the investee’s share capital, and aggregate share of the results of its equity accounted investees 
totalled SAR 1.2 billion (U.S.$318.67 million) in the year ended 31 December 2021. The following is a summary 
of Dar Al-Arkan’s key strategic investments as of the date of this Base Prospectus: 
Saudi Home Loans Company (SHL) 
SHL was formed on 4 April 2007 pursuant to a shareholders’ agreement between Arab National Bank, Dar 
Al-Arkan, Kingdom Installment Company, certain founding shareholders of Dar Al-Arkan, and the International

--- Page 173 ---
161 
 
 
Finance Corporation. As of 31 March 2022, the equity ownership of SHL was divided as follows: Arab National 
Bank (40 per cent.), Kingdom Installment Company (40 per cent.), Dar Al-Arkan (15 per cent.) and the 
International Finance Corporation (5 per cent.). SHL completed an initial public offering of 30 per cent. of its 
shares in April 2022 and its shares were admitted to trading on the Tadawul. Following the initial public offering, 
as of 20 April 2022; SHL’s equity ownership was divided as follows: Arab National Bank (28 per cent.), Kingdom 
Installment Company (28 per cent.), Dar Al-Arkan (10.5 per cent.) and the International Finance Corporation (3.5 
per cent.). The remainder of SHL’s shares were owned by the public. This composition may change following the 
end of the lock-up period.  
SHL provides mortgage financing to home buyers in the Kingdom, primarily to the middle to lower income 
segment of the market. All of SHL’s financing products are structured to comply with Shari’a principles. SHL 
finances the purchase of homes developed by Dar Al-Arkan by purchasing the homes directly from Dar Al-Arkan 
on behalf of individuals who sign lease-to-own contracts with SHL. SHL leases the homes to such individuals and 
these individuals take ownership of the homes upon expiration of the lease term if they have satisfied all of their 
obligations under the lease to own contract. 
Alkhair Capital Saudi Arabia (Alkhair) 
Alkhair Capital is licensed by the CMA to deal as principal and agent (subject to certain conditions) and to provide 
underwriting, management, arrangement and financial advisory services in the Kingdom and the UAE. It is a 
closed Joint Stock Company, registered in Riyadh under commercial registration No. 1010264915 dated 
27/3/1430H (corresponding to 24 March 2009), with its headquarters in Riyadh. As of 31 March 2022, Dar 
Al-Arkan owned 42.2 per cent. of the issued share capital of Alkhair Capital. 
Khozam Real Estate Development Company 
Khozam REDC was established exclusively for the development of Qasr Khozam land development project, and 
is a joint venture between Jeddah Development and Urban Regeneration Company, and Dar Al-Arkan. Khozam 
REDC is registered in Jeddah under Commercial Registration No. 4030193909 dated 25/10/1430H, 
(corresponding to 14 October 2009), and is established as a limited liability company with headquarters located 
in Jeddah. Its share capital is SAR 541 million (U.S.$144.46 million). By virtue of the joint venture agreement 
between Dar Al-Arkan and Jeddah Development and Urban Regeneration Company, and pursuant to the revised 
Articles of Association, 66.5 per cent. of Khozam REDC’s share capital (amounting to SAR 359 million 
(U.S.$95.7 million)) is held by Dar Al-Arkan and the remaining 33.5 per cent. of Khozam REDC’s share capital 
(amounting to SAR 182 million (U.S.$48.5 million)) is held by the Jeddah Development and Urban Regeneration 
Company against a land contribution. 
Eastern Juman Company 
Eastern Juman Company was established for the development of the Juman Project located between Dammam 
and Ras Tanura. The company is registered in Riyadh under Commercial Registration No. 1010462791 dated 
15/10/1437H, (corresponding to 20 July 2016), and is established as a limited company with its headquarters 
located in Riyadh. Its share capital is SAR 8.2 million (U.S.$2.2 million). By virtue of the Articles of the 
Association of the company, on incorporation, 18.3 per cent. of its share capital was issued to Dar Al-Arkan 
against a cash contribution by Dar Al-Arkan of SAR 1.5 million (U.S.$0.4 million) and the remaining 81.7 per 
cent. was issued to nine other shareholders against a cash contribution amounting to SAR 6.7 million (U.S.$1.8 
million). 
Waslt Real Estate Services Company 
Waslt Real Estate Services Company (previously known as First Brokerage Properties Company) was established 
mainly for the management and rental of real estate owned or leased, broker activities and real estate management 
activities. The company is a limited liability company registered in Riyadh under commercial registration no. 
1010635634 dated 19/09/1441H (corresponding to 12 May 2020). Its share capital is SAR 50 thousand (U.S.$13.3 
thousand). Dar Al-Arkan acquired 67 per cent. of the share capital of this company in 2021. 
Compass Project Investment SPV Limited 
In November 2021, Dar Al-Arkan entered into an agreement with the shareholders of Compass Project 
Investments SPV Limited (Compass) to acquire 51 per cent. of the share capital of Compass, a private company 
limited by shares incorporated in the UAE, established mainly for rendering services related to project 
management, cost control and risk management.

--- Page 174 ---
162 
 
 
Ibdaa Real Estate Company 
In June 2021, Dar Al-Arkan entered into an agreement with the shareholders of Ibdaa Real Estate Company 
(Ibdaa) to acquire 25 per cent. of the share capital of Ibdaa, a limited liability company registered in Jeddah. Ibdaa 
undertakes real estate activities, including selling and purchasing land, real estate management services, brokerage 
activities and construction, including general construction of real estate for commercial and residential purposes. 
Strengths 
Management believes that Dar Al-Arkan has a number of competitive strengths, including: 
Ability to develop large scale projects such as master-planned communities 
Management believes that Dar Al-Arkan is one of the few real estate developers in the Kingdom with the financial 
resources, capacity and expertise (both in-house and through its strategic alliances with companies such as SHL 
and Khozam REDC) to undertake and execute large scale residential and commercial projects in the Kingdom. In 
addition, management believes that Dar Al-Arkan’s experience in developing projects in the Kingdom, including 
the development and completion of Parisiana in 2012, has provided Dar Al-Arkan with experience in obtaining 
the required regulatory approvals for such developments. Management believes that the economies of scale 
afforded by large scale projects, such as master-planned communities, permits Dar Al-Arkan to offer quality 
housing at more affordable prices than its competitors. Management also believes that Dar Al-Arkan’s ability to 
provide attractive prices combined with the quality and convenience of life provided by Dar Al-Arkan’s master-
planned communities, provides Dar Al-Arkan with an advantage over its competitors in addressing the demand 
for housing among customers from a diverse range of income segments in the Kingdom. 
Strong reputation for delivering quality affordable housing 
Management believes that Dar Al-Arkan was the first major private real estate developer to target the middle-
income segment of the Kingdom’s housing market on a large scale, and that Dar Al-Arkan has a strong reputation 
among the middle-income segment of the housing market as a company that delivers quality homes at affordable 
prices. Since incorporation, Dar Al-Arkan has completed and delivered approximately 15,000 residential units. In 
addition, management believes that Dar Al-Arkan’s reputation in the Kingdom among land owners and real estate 
brokers provides Dar Al-Arkan with opportunities to acquire land that may not be available to other real estate 
developers in the Kingdom. Management believes Dar Al-Arkan’s reputation among customers, land owners and 
real estate brokers provides Dar Al-Arkan an advantage over its competitors in addressing the demand for housing 
among customers from a diverse range of income segments in the Kingdom. 
Substantial development properties consisting of developed land, developed projects and under projects under 
development 
Dar Al-Arkan has a substantial development properties land bank consisting of semi-developed and undeveloped 
plots. Management believes that Dar Al-Arkan’s development properties land bank allows it to take advantage of 
market opportunities to develop and sell projects with greater efficiency than competitors that need to source and 
acquire land first before developing a project.  
As of 31 March 2022, Dar Al-Arkan’s development properties consisted of SAR 18.85 billion (U.S.$5.03 billion) 
including project lands and properties of SAR 13.35 billion (U.S.$3.56 billion), all of which was valued on its 
balance sheet at cost.  
Prudent financial policy 
Dar Al-Arkan adopts a prudent financial policy, prioritising the building of cash reserves, where necessary, in 
order to ensure that it has sufficient funds available to meet its financial commitments as they fall due. As of 31 
March 2022 Dar Al-Arkan had a cash balance of SAR 5.03 billion (U.S.$1.34 billion). 
Experienced management team 
Dar Al-Arkan’s senior management has significant experience in both the real estate development industry and 
their respective areas of specialty. Dar Al-Arkan’s Chairman of the Board, Yousef Abdullah Al Shelash, has been 
with Dar Al-Arkan since it was founded and has over 20 years of experience in the real estate development 
industry in the Kingdom. He leads a team of professionals heading development and construction, project 
management and sales and marketing. Dar Al-Arkan’s Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Anand Raheja, re-joined Dar

--- Page 175 ---
163 
 
 
Al-Arkan as Chief Financial Officer in May 2018, having previously held the position between 2011 and 2013. 
Mr. Raheja was promoted to Chief Executive Officer of Dar Al-Arkan in June 2019, and has more than 30 years 
of experience working with the largest real estate companies and accounting and auditing firms in the Middle 
East, the United States, the UK and India.  
Access to the international and domestic capital markets 
The real estate development industry is capital intensive by its nature. In addition, “off-plan” and “pre-finished” 
sales of homes are not common practice in the Kingdom, which makes access to financing even more essential in 
the Kingdom’s real estate development industry. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Dar Al-Arkan had three 
series of trust certificates issued under the Programme outstanding, a U.S.$500 million international U.S. dollar-
denominated sukuk due 2023, a U.S.$600 million international U.S. dollar-denominated sukuk due 2025 and a 
U.S.$400 million international U.S. dollar-denominated sukuk due 2027. 
These offerings, together with eight previous sukuk offerings of U.S.$600 million, U.S.$1 billion, SAR 750 
million (U.S.$200 million), U.S.$450 million, U.S$300 million, U.S.$450 million, U.S.$400 million and U.S.$500 
million which were redeemed at maturity by Dar Al-Arkan in March 2010, July 2012, April 2014, February 2015, 
November 2016, May 2018, May 2019 and April 2022, respectively, are the only sukuk offerings to date by a real 
estate developer in the Kingdom. In addition, in December 2007, Dar Al-Arkan listed its shares on the Saudi Stock 
Exchange (Tadawul). 
Strong future growth prospects in the Kingdom  
Dar Al-Arkan believes that it is strategically positioned to benefit from the Government’s recent initiatives to 
develop the housing and real estate sector. As a result of the current housing shortage in the Kingdom, one of the 
key objectives of the Government in recent years has been to develop the housing and real estate sector. In order 
to achieve this, the Government has implemented the NTP as part of Vision 2030. Under the NTP, the Housing 
Programme has achieved significant success since it was launched in 2016, during which time it has increased 
Saudi home ownership rates from 47 per cent. in 2016 to 60 per cent. in 2020. The Housing Programme has 
succeeded in stimulating supply in the housing sector through effective partnerships with the private sector, 
represented by real estate developers and house-builders, including Dar Al-Arkan. In the current stage of the 
Housing Programme, which commenced in 2021 and is expected to continue until 2025, the Government aims to 
increase the percentage of Saudi families owning houses to 70 per cent. by 2030. It is expected that this will be 
accomplished by targeting the most underprivileged segments of society. The Housing Programme has also been 
involved in developing and improving regulations as well as regulatory and legislative activities, by establishing 
the General Authority for Real Estate to be the central regulatory entity for the real estate sector. 
The following are some of the key Government initiatives expected to boost the real estate sector and in turn 
benefit Dar Al-Arkan’s business and future growth prospects: 
Off-plan sales 
In January 2016, the Ministry of Commerce issued a new set of regulations permitting the sale of off-plan units, 
governed by a set of strict measures that apply to the sale of such off-plan units. The issuance of these new 
regulations is expected to increase off-plan sales significantly over time and will reduce execution risk to 
developers, increase developers’ profitability and reduce capital outlay. For example, down payments will not be 
permitted to exceed 20 per cent. of the unit’s value and must be made by cheque or bank transfer into escrow 
accounts, which can be accessed and monitored by authorities, however remain available to developers for the 
purpose of financing the building programme. In May 2018, Dar Al-Arkan launched the first phase of the off-plan 
sales of units in the Shams Ar Riyadh development, following which multiple subsequent phases were launched 
in 2020. Management believes that these off-plan sales, and related customer advances, will help Dar Al-Arkan 
utilise less internal cash as well as less project finance debt to finance projects hence increasing the profitability 
of the business.  
Etmam 
The MoMRAH launched the “Etmam” e-portal in 2017 with the aim of increasing the volume of investments in 
the real estate sector from within and outside the Kingdom. Etmam provides a number of services, notably 
receiving applications for the approval of initial housing plans, with a view to speeding up the provision of 
essential services, including the issuance of construction permits, completion certificates, exemption requests, 
land division approvals, labour visas, and approval and revision of development plans.

--- Page 176 ---
164 
 
 
REDF funding cost subsidy 
The REDF has launched several financing programmes and solutions to increase home ownership among Saudi 
nationals, including the Additional Financing Programme, the Accelerated Loan Programme and the Dhamin 
Programme. In January 2017, the MoMRAH launched the Sakani initiative with the aim of providing assistance 
to Saudi nationals based on their income levels and the number of family members in each household. The Sakani 
programme also included nearly 280,000 residential and funding products for allocation and delivery in all regions 
of the Kingdom. In addition, 75,000 residential plots of land were made available for construction, as well as 
85,000 residential plots of land with the costs thereof to be subsidised by the Government in partnership with the 
REDF and a number of banks and other financial institutions. 
The REDF provides funding cost subsidies up to an amount of SAR 500,000 to eligible REDF applicants. Dar Al-
Arkan expects to benefit from these eligible REDF applicants as it intends to market its residential units to such 
applicants. 
Saudi Real Estate Financing Company 
The establishment of the SREFC pursuant to the Real Estate Finance Law (see below “Real Estate Laws and 
Regulation”) has helped to expand the real estate sector by refinancing residential mortgages. SREFC has been 
partnering with mortgage originating institutions by providing short-, medium- and long-term financing solutions 
and also purchasing finance lease portfolios from these institutions in order to fund its operations and future 
growth. As a real estate developer, Dar Al-Arkan will indirectly benefit from the increase in mortgage activity as 
a result of SREFC’s initiatives. 
Financing-to-value ratio 
In February 2016, SAMA increased the limit on real estate financing from 70 per cent. to 85 per cent. of the value 
of a residential property (effectively reducing the minimum required down payment on a home from 30 per cent. 
to 15 per cent.), on the basis that the previous requirement had resulted in a market slowdown and was prohibitive 
to many low- to middle-income Saudi nationals. In January 2018, SAMA further increased the limit on real estate 
financing from 85 per cent. to 90 per cent. for first time home buyers. This increase was introduced with the 
expectation that it would encourage mortgage financing which could benefit the real estate sector. Dar Al-Arkan’s 
management believes that it will be a direct beneficiary of an increased availability of mortgages.  
Business strategy 
Management’s strategy is to maintain its leadership position in the real estate development industry in the 
Kingdom by focusing on its core competencies, land development projects and residential and commercial 
projects, and by expanding its business operations to include property management and investment in businesses 
which complement Dar Al-Arkan’s real estate development operations. This expansion strategy is aimed at 
diversifying Dar Al-Arkan’s business activities in order to develop recurring sources of income. 
The following is a summary of key aspects of Dar Al-Arkan’s business strategy: 
Increase revenues from master-planned community projects 
Dar Al-Arkan is currently developing three master-planned communities: Shams Ar Riyadh, located in Riyadh; 
Shams Al Arous, located in Jeddah and the Juman Project located in the Eastern Province between Dammam and 
Ras Tanura. The first phases of Shams Ar Riyadh and Shams Al Arous are expected to be completed in 2023. 
Management expects revenue from residential and commercial projects to increase over time as units in these 
projects become available for sale. Management believes that competitive prices combined with the quality and 
convenience of life provided by master-planned communities will allow Dar Al-Arkan to address the demand for 
quality affordable housing in the Kingdom. Continuing development of residential and commercial projects will 
allow Dar Al-Arkan to balance its revenue generation in line with its overall strategy to diversify the composition 
of its revenue sources. 
Continue to provide affordable quality housing 
Demographic trends in the Kingdom, including a young and growing population and decreasing average 
household sizes, are expected to create demand in the Kingdom for approximately 4 million new homes by the 
end of 2030, according to the MoMRAH. In addition, the middle income population in the Kingdom is expected 
to grow as a proportion of the overall population due to Government initiatives such as the establishment of new

--- Page 177 ---
165 
 
 
universities and regulations that require companies in the Kingdom to employ a certain number of citizens of the 
Kingdom. Since its incorporation, Dar Al-Arkan has completed and delivered approximately 15,000 residential 
units. Dar Al-Arkan intends to continue to focus its residential and commercial projects on addressing demand for 
housing among the middle-income segment of the market, in particular through the development of its master-
planned communities. Under the affordable housing initiative promoted by the MoMRAH, Dar Al-Arkan is 
currently in discussions with the MoMRAH to develop high-quality affordable housing on land plots to be 
provided by the MoMRAH. Once these discussions have concluded, Dar Al-Arkan expects to accelerate the 
development of this affordable housing element of its strategy significantly.  
Expanding the business through property rental and property management services 
Dar Al-Arkan acquires and retains certain commercial and residential units in its master-planned communities as 
rental properties (see “Dar Al-Arkan’s Business Segments–Asset Management” above). By retaining such units, 
management intends to build an income-generating portfolio of rental properties, with the goal of establishing a 
recurring revenue stream from rental income, real estate management, maintenance of residential and commercial 
buildings and public facilities and to enable Dar Al-Arkan to benefit from any appreciation in the value of such 
properties over time. 
Continue to make strategic investments in businesses complementing real estate development operations 
Dar Al-Arkan makes, and intends to continue to make, strategic investments in companies which management 
believes would be complementary to Dar Al-Arkan’s real estate development operations. Companies in which 
Dar Al-Arkan has made strategic investments include SHL, a leading home financing provider in the Kingdom, 
Alkhair Capital, regulated by the CMA and which provides investment banking and other financial services in the 
Kingdom, Khozam REDC, which owns the Qasr Khozam land development project, Eastern Juman Company, 
established mainly for the development of the Juman Project, and Waslt Real Estate Services Company established 
mainly to provide real estate brokerage and real estate management activities. 
Continue its international expansion 
As part of its international growth strategy, Dar Al-Arkan opened sales offices in Dubai, Sarajevo and Beijing in 
June 2017, September 2017 and February 2022, respectively. Dar Al-Arkan launched its first international real 
estate development project in December 2017, with the launch of the Urban Oasis by Missoni tower (previously 
called the I Love Florence Tower), comprising bespoke apartments with luxury interiors designed by Roberto 
Cavalli on the Dubai Canal as part of its international growth strategy. Moreover, the Sidra project, located near 
Sarajevo, was launched in 2020 and is the largest single real estate development project in the country, covering 
a land area of almost 500,000 square metres. In 2021, Dar Al-Arkan continued its international expansion through 
the launch of the Dar Al-Arkan Pagani Tower in Dubai, and the signing of a memorandum of understanding with 
the Omran Group for the development of a 3.5 million square metre hilltop site in Yitti and Yenkit, Oman, known 
as Aida.  
Dar Al-Arkan intends to continue to utilise its real estate development expertise to undertake further international 
real estate development projects. Dar Al-Arkan’s decision to commence operations in a particular country will be 
based on numerous factors, including economic and political stability at that time, the state of development of that 
particular country (favouring emerging economies where greater returns can be realised), the level of competition 
in the country and the macro-economic conditions of the country. 
Project development process 
Dar Al-Arkan applies quality management systems in its project development process and was the first real estate 
development company in the Kingdom to obtain an ISO 9001 certification for quality management systems. 
The development cycle for a land development project is typically between one and two years. Depending on the 
size, the development cycle for a residential and commercial project ranges between three and seven years. 
Master-planned communities generally have development cycles at the high end of this range. For large residential 
and commercial projects such as master-planned communities, Dar Al-Arkan typically divides developments into 
separate phases. In initial phases, a limited number of residential units are constructed. In later phases, larger 
numbers of residential units are constructed as well as public facilities and commercial and office units. For each 
phase, Dar Al-Arkan enters into separate sets of agreements with contractors which, among other things, allows 
it to assess construction costs at the time of development. At the end of each phase, completed units are sold or 
leased by Dar Al-Arkan. On a typical residential and commercial project, multiple phases in different stages of 
development are implemented simultaneously.

--- Page 178 ---
166 
 
 
Phased development allows Dar Al-Arkan to retain the flexibility to accelerate or slow down the development of 
a project based on market conditions, and to avoid carrying a large inventory of unsold and/or unleased units in 
the event of unexpected market declines. In addition, phased development enables Dar Al-Arkan to adapt 
construction of each phase to meet changes in demand for different types, styles and sizes of units that may occur 
due to changes in consumer preferences or other related factors. Phased development also limits the amount of 
capital that Dar Al-Arkan must commit to a single project during a particular period of time. In addition, phased 
development allows Dar Al-Arkan to use revenue from the sale or rental of units in an earlier phase to help fund 
the development of later phases. 
Stages of project development 
Dar Al-Arkan divides the project development process into six separate stages. Each of these stages are described 
in further detail below: 
Stage one—land sourcing and acquisition 
Land sourcing is a critical part of the first stage in the development process. Dar Al-Arkan sources land either 
through solicitations or its own market research. Dar Al-Arkan regularly receives invitations to purchase 
undeveloped land from land owners and real estate brokers. Management analyses each invitation to ascertain the 
suitability of the land for development, including a review of key considerations such as the location and size of 
the land parcel. Dar Al-Arkan also conducts extensive market research to identify areas within the Kingdom which 
could benefit from its development projects, particularly its master-planned communities. Once identified, Dar 
Al-Arkan searches for appropriate land parcels for development. 
Dar Al-Arkan’s land acquisition process involves extensive due diligence and feasibility analysis. The process is 
overseen by Dar Al-Arkan’s senior management. Due diligence involves a number of steps to verify that the land 
available is suitable for development. These steps include a review of land deeds, a review of government and 
public institution publications related to the area, investigative and interrogative interviews with municipalities, 
local notary publics and reputable master planners, and site inspection by Dar Al-Arkan’s senior management. 
Feasibility analysis involves a number of considerations to determine the potential profitability of the land, 
including topography and its location within a particular municipality or neighbourhood, as well as previous offers 
for undeveloped and developed land in the area. If a decision is made to acquire the land, Dar Al-Arkan conducts 
negotiations with the vendor to acquire it.  
Stage two—project planning 
The creation of a master plan is the first part of the second stage in the development process. Preparation of the 
master plan is done in co-operation with third party planning and real estate consultants and is overseen by Dar 
Al-Arkan’s business planning and engineering department along with its senior management. The master plan 
relates to site improvements necessary for the undeveloped land to be zoned for residential and commercial 
purposes. The master plan will typically allocate approximately 10 per cent. of the land for basic infrastructure, 
such as water, sewage, electricity and other utilities, as well as paved streets and sidewalks. The master plan must 
ultimately be approved by the local municipal government. To obtain such approval, the master plan must also 
allocate a minimum of 33 per cent. of the land to accommodate public facilities, such as roads, schools, police 
stations and mosques. Once a master plan is created, a budget and schedule is prepared for the project. Next, a 
detailed design for the project is created in co-operation with third party design consultants and is overseen by 
Dar Al-Arkan’s engineering department and its senior management. 
Stage three—site development 
The site development stage primarily involves site clearance, design, lay-out and other land planning activities. 
Dar Al-Arkan does not directly engage in any construction of its projects, including construction relating to site 
development. Site development construction is contracted to third parties through an open tender process. For 
further discussion of the process involved in selecting contractors see “— Contracting and sub-contracting” 
below. 
Stage four—land development 
The land development stage involves construction of basic infrastructure relating to residential and commercial 
use, such as water, sewage, electricity and other utilities, as well as paved streets and sidewalks. Dar Al-Arkan 
ensures that the basic infrastructure is adequate to allow the land to be zoned for its intended use. As in the site 
development stage, the actual construction is contracted to third parties through an open tender process. Dar

--- Page 179 ---
167 
 
 
Al-Arkan oversees all aspects of the land development stage, including the application of materials and technology 
used in the construction. 
At the end of this stage, Dar Al-Arkan owns developed land plots and decides to either: 
 
sell the developed land to third party investors or developers; 
 
develop a residential and commercial project on the developed land; or 
 
develop a residential and commercial project on a portion of the developed land and attempt to sell the 
remaining portion once its value has appreciated due to the completion of the residential and commercial 
project. 
These decisions vary on a project by project basis and are based on several factors relating to potential profitability, 
including market conditions and the topography and location of the land. These decisions are made by senior 
management with contributions and oversight from Dar Al-Arkan’s development department, the Executive 
Committee of the Board, as well as project consultants. In line with its revenue mix strategy, Dar Al-Arkan 
continues to identify land plots for developing its residential and commercial projects. 
It typically takes between one and two years for Dar Al-Arkan to complete a land development project. The project 
timeline depends on the size of the site and its topography, as well as other requirements, mainly relating to the 
relevant soil characteristics. 
Stage five—superstructure 
If developed land is allocated for residential and commercial projects, Dar Al-Arkan undertakes to develop the 
appropriate superstructures for villas and apartments. In master-planned communities, apartment buildings may 
contain commercial space on the ground floor. Dar Al-Arkan also typically develops parks and mosques on its 
master-planned communities, although for other public facilities (for example, schools and police stations), Dar 
Al-Arkan allocates the land and the relevant municipal government is responsible for the development of those 
structures. With respect to developed land allocated for standalone commercial and office buildings, Dar Al-Arkan 
makes a business decision on a project-by-project basis about which buildings it will retain as rental properties. 
Where Dar Al-Arkan intends to retain a building as a rental property, it will undertake to construct the building. 
Where Dar Al-Arkan does not intend to retain a building as a rental property, it will sell the developed land to 
another developer who will undertake to construct the building. 
The superstructure stage includes developing a design and construction plan with an architectural firm. The design 
and construction of superstructures is contracted to third parties through an open tender process. Dar Al-Arkan 
and the architectural firm each oversees the construction of superstructures. Any deviations from the original 
designs or plans must be approved by Dar Al-Arkan and the architectural firm. The continuous application of 
advanced engineering techniques, project management and control systems reduce costs and are intended to 
enable the project to be completed within the allocated time and budget. At the conclusion of this stage, Dar 
Al-Arkan owns semi-developed buildings. 
Stage six—finishing 
The final stage relates to finishing work on the semi-developed buildings, which includes cladding, ceramic and 
woodwork, mechanical and electrical work, plastering and painting, and internal and external decorative work. At 
the end of this stage Dar Al-Arkan owns fully developed and finished buildings. 
Contracting and sub-contracting 
Dar Al-Arkan contracts with third parties for much of the work related to the development of its projects, which 
involves awarding and managing work performed by several contractors and sub-contractors. These third parties 
include companies that perform site clearance and the construction of basic infrastructure relating to water, 
sewage, electricity and other utilities, as well as paved streets and sidewalks. Dar Al-Arkan also contracts with 
architecture firms and construction companies to design and build superstructures on its projects, as well as with 
contractors to perform other work related to superstructures, such as cladding, ceramic, wood, mechanical, 
electrical, plumbing, plastering, painting and decorative work. 
Dar Al-Arkan has, with the assistance of project consultants, developed an in-house rating system to ascertain the 
expertise and qualifications of contractors in its database. Dar Al-Arkan has developed this database by inviting

--- Page 180 ---
168 
 
 
the majority of the contractors operating in the Kingdom to submit to Dar Al-Arkan’s internal rating system and 
be added to the database. Criteria relating to the internal rating system include: a financial review, previous 
projects undertaken and completed, feedback from previous clients and site visits. 
Dar Al-Arkan invites all contractors meeting a certain threshold pursuant to its internal rating systems to bid for 
providing services on a project-by-project basis. Bids are assessed by Dar Al-Arkan’s bid committee (made up of 
representatives from the risk management, internal audit and engineering departments) and senior management, 
with assistance from project consultants. Preliminary recommendations are then made to the Executive Committee 
which makes final decisions on the awarding of contracts. Dar Al-Arkan seeks to award contracts to multiple 
contractors for each project to avoid concentration of risk. 
Dar Al-Arkan’s agreements with contractors typically specify a fixed price to be paid to the contractor and a 
schedule for the completion of their work. Under these agreements, contractors are responsible for obtaining and 
paying for all labour, materials and equipment necessary to complete their work. Contractors are also required to 
purchase and maintain insurance related to the project while under development and their work on the project. In 
certain instances, price adjustments during the term of the contract are permitted in the event that the costs of 
construction materials increase significantly, however, any such price increase must be based upon evidence of 
the cost increase provided by the contractor to Dar Al-Arkan and the amount of any such price increase must be 
agreed to by Dar Al-Arkan. In addition, price adjustments may occur during the term of an agreement in the event 
that Dar Al-Arkan materially increases the scope of the work required from the contractor. 
Raw materials 
Contractors and subcontractors that work on Dar Al-Arkan’s development projects are directly responsible for 
sourcing and purchasing construction materials related to their work on the development projects. 
However, where there are significant variations to the original contract or there is a shortage in the availability, or 
a significant increase in the price, of construction materials to contractors and subcontractors, Dar Al-Arkan and 
the relevant contractors and/or subcontractors may agree to revise the terms of the original contract, although, in 
the case of price increases, this would likely require a major change and Dar Al-Arkan has not, to date, agreed to 
such a variation in an existing contract. For further discussion regarding the availability and fluctuation of prices 
of construction materials see “Risk Factors—The total estimated costs of Dar Al-Arkan’s development projects 
may be subject to unanticipated increases”. 
Municipal governments 
The primary regulators that Dar Al-Arkan interacts with in developing its projects are the municipal governments 
where the projects are located. Dar Al-Arkan must obtain approvals from such municipalities at various stages 
during the development of its projects. 
Before development of a project can begin, Dar Al-Arkan must submit the master plan to the relevant municipality 
for approval. The master plan sets forth site improvements necessary for the undeveloped land to be zoned for 
residential and commercial purposes. In order to receive the municipality’s approval, a minimum of 33 per cent. 
of the land must be allocated to accommodate public facilities, such as schools, police stations, mosques and 
roads. Municipalities also require that the master plan meet certain other requirements, such as providing for roads 
that are wide enough to accommodate anticipated traffic on the project. 
Once the master plan is approved, Dar Al-Arkan must submit to the relevant municipality a detailed plan relating 
to the project’s infrastructure. Municipalities require the infrastructure plan to provide for enough sewage, water 
and electricity to accommodate the total built-up area of the project, the expected number of inhabitants and the 
number of commercial and residential units. The infrastructure plan is reviewed by various departments within 
the relevant municipality before it is approved. When the infrastructure plan is approved, Dar Al-Arkan is issued 
a final approval certificate from the municipality and it is permitted to commence construction of the project’s 
infrastructure. 
To construct residential and commercial units, Dar Al-Arkan must receive a construction permit from the relevant 
municipality. To obtain this permit, Dar Al-Arkan submits a plan to the relevant municipality showing the plan 
for each building. The plan for each building must meet standards set by the relevant municipality, which, among 
other things, require a building to be built on only a certain percentage of the land allocated for that building. Once 
the relevant municipality grants the construction permit, Dar Al-Arkan is permitted to commence construction of 
the residential and commercial units.

--- Page 181 ---
169 
 
 
Upon the completion of residential and commercial units in accordance with the plans that were approved by the 
relevant municipality, Dar Al-Arkan is issued building completion certificates from the municipality which allows 
Dar Al-Arkan to sell or lease the units. 
Marketing and sales 
Marketing and sales of land development projects 
Dar Al-Arkan sells its land development projects to a wide variety of participants in the real estate market, 
including high-net worth individuals, institutional investors, corporates and small to medium sized real estate 
developers. Dar Al-Arkan typically sells its land development projects in one of three ways: 
 
through its own sales teams based in Dar Al-Arkan’s branch offices; 
 
through local real estate agents/brokers (such agents/brokers are compensated directly by the buyer); or 
 
through public auctions held on-site, which are actively pre-marketed (extensive analysis is performed 
to determine the potential profitability of an auction before this manner is chosen). 
Dar Al-Arkan sells land development projects pursuant to a standard form sale contract, under which it delivers 
title to the developed land in exchange for the agreed purchase price. Once a contract is signed and title is delivered 
to a buyer, Dar Al-Arkan has no further obligations with respect to the developed land. Dar Al-Arkan directly 
extends credit to certain buyers that management deems credit worthy. In such cases, Dar Al-Arkan typically 
receives a deposit of approximately 20 per cent. at the time the sale contract is signed, and the balance is paid in 
instalments over a period that is generally no longer than three months. As of 31 March 2022, there had never 
been a payment default with respect to such credit sales. 
Marketing and sales of residential and commercial projects 
There are three stages during which Dar Al-Arkan may opt to market and sell units on a residential and commercial 
project to the end buyer: 
 
after stage four (land development) in the project development cycle described above, in which case such 
units are referred to as being sold “off-plan”;  
 
after stage five (superstructure) in the project development cycle described above (when approximately 
75 per cent. of the relevant residential unit has been completed), in which case such units are referred to 
as being sold “pre-finished”; or 
 
after completion of stage six (finishing), in which case such units are referred to as being sold “finished”. 
Dar Al-Arkan’s senior management, together with the Executive Committee of the Board, determines the portion 
of residential and commercial projects to be marketed and sold during the three stages identified above. 
Dar Al-Arkan has historically marketed and sold substantially all of the units on its residential and commercial 
projects during the “finished” stage. Until 2016, “off-plan” and “pre-finished” home sales were not permitted in 
the Kingdom. However, as the Kingdom’s housing market matures and becomes more familiar with the concept 
of master-planned communities, management expects that more residential units will be marketed and sold during 
the off-plan and pre-finished stages. The Shams Ar Riyadh master-planned community is the first residential and 
commercial project by Dar Al-Arkan that has been marketed and sold on an off-plan basis under the Wafi 
programme (a platform launched by the Government in 2016 with the purpose of authorising and regulating off-
plan property sales). Subsequently, Dar Al-Arkan also launched and sold the Urban Oasis by Missoni tower 
project located in Dubai on an off-plan basis, where off-plan sales have been common for some time. 
Dar Al-Arkan sells the majority of units in its residential and commercial projects through sales offices established 
on-site and designed to cater to walk-in clients or clients who have approached Dar Al-Arkan through its central 
call centre. In 2017, Dar Al-Arkan launched an e-sales centre to allow its customers to purchase residential units 
more easily. Dar Al-Arkan also opened sales offices in Dubai, Sarajevo and Beijing in June 2017, September 2017 
and February 2022, respectively, as part of its increased focus on international real estate development. 
All prospective customers are handled by a sales team responsible for operating and managing the on-site sales 
offices and compensated on a salary/commission basis. Such sales are facilitated by heavy marketing campaigns

--- Page 182 ---
170 
 
 
undertaken by Dar Al-Arkan for each residential and commercial project through various media channels, 
including television, newspaper and magazine advertisements, the internet and billboards throughout the 
Kingdom. Additionally, Dar Al-Arkan sells a small number of residential and commercial projects through real 
estate agencies. 
Dar Al-Arkan sells residential units on its residential and commercial projects pursuant to a standard form sale 
contract, under which it delivers possession of the unit, subject to the conditions agreed in the sale contract, with 
the title deed delivered only upon the receipt of the full purchase price. The sale contract also provides for 
ownership of a pro rated share of any common areas in the residential and commercial project to be allocated to 
the home buyer. The home buyers are liable to pay annual maintenance fees in respect of the residential units until 
such time as a home owners association is formed, at which point the home owners’ association becomes 
responsible for payment of the annual maintenance fees and the home buyers are liable to the home owners 
association for such fees. In addition, the sale contract assigns to home buyers the 10-year statutory warranty on 
the superstructure that is made by the contractors who construct the units. 
Marketing and leasing of commercial and residential units on master-planned communities 
Dar Al-Arkan has expanded its business to include asset management services for its rental properties and for 
third parties. Dar Al-Arkan retains certain commercial and residential units on its master-planned communities. 
With respect to Dar Al-Arkan’s first master-planned community, Parisiana, Dar Al-Arkan leases commercial 
space on the ground levels of apartment buildings, residential apartments, offices spaces and the commercial mall 
developed on the project. 
For commercial units, Dar Al-Arkan targets tenants that provide the products and services it believes are necessary 
to make its master-planned communities self-contained living environments. Such tenants include banks, 
pharmacies, dry cleaners, convenience stores, cafes and restaurants. For residential units, Dar Al-Arkan targets 
individuals and families, as well as bulk leases for hospitality companies and employees of corporations, 
universities and hospitals. 
Dar Al-Arkan generally rents commercial and residential units pursuant to standard form lease agreements. The 
standard form residential lease agreement lasts one year and requires tenants to pay the full amount of annual rent 
at the beginning of each year in the lease term. Dar Al-Arkan is responsible for maintaining its residential rental 
units, including common areas. Tenants pay Dar Al-Arkan annual maintenance fees in consideration of these 
maintenance services. The standard form commercial lease agreement lasts one year and requires tenants to pay 
annual rent in two instalments, the first at the beginning of the year and the second at the end of the first six months 
of the year. Dar Al-Arkan is responsible for maintaining its commercial rental units. A tenant must use the 
commercial unit for the sole purpose stipulated in the commercial lease agreement, which cannot be changed 
without Dar Al-Arkan’s prior written consent. A tenant cannot sub-lease the unit without Dar Al-Arkan’s prior 
written consent. 
Completed projects and projects under development 
Properties 
The following table sets out information in respect of Dar Al-Arkan’s completed and current projects: 
Completed projects 
Project 
name 
Location 
Residential 
units sold or 
for sale 
Residential 
units for 
rent 
Residential 
plots for sale 
(m2) 
Commercial 
plots for sale 
(m2) 
Commercial 
Leasing (m2) 
Acquisition/
Completion 
date 
Estimated 
cost (SAR 
millions) 
Land Development Projects 
Naeem Al 
Jiwar (1)  
Medina 
499 
- 
37,117 
56,030 
- 
2010 
375 
Master-Planned Communities 
Parisiana(2) 
Riyadh 
2,251 
801 
- 
- 
80,000 
2012 
2,023 
Residential and Commercial Projects 
Azizia 
Towers(3) 
Makkah 
320 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2011 
370 
Al-Qasr 
Mall  
Riyadh 
- 
- 
- 
- 
75,744 
2012 
1,041 
Total 
3,070 
801 
37,117 
56,030 
155,744 
- 
3,809 
 
 
 
Notes: 
(1) 
The Al-Tilal project was re-branded to Naeem Al Jiwar in 2017.

--- Page 183 ---
171 
 
 
(2) 
In late 2017, Al-Qasr was re-branded to Parisiana to denote the community development theme. 
(3) 
In 2021, the Azizia Towers were repossessed for the purpose of a full refurbishment to prepare the asset for sale upon completion 
 
of the leasing contract in place with King Abdullah Medical City. The Azizia Towers were renamed as Dar Al Mashaer Towers in 
 
2021. Dar Al Mashaer Towers contains 320 units which are currently vacant and are expected to be sold in due course. 
Projects under development  
Project name 
Location 
Residential 
units sold or 
for sale 
Residential 
plots for 
sale (m2) 
Commercial 
plots for sale 
(m2) 
Completion 
(%) 
Estimated 
Completion 
date 
Estimated 
cost (SAR 
millions) 
Land Development Projects 
Qasr Khozam(3) 
Jeddah 
- 
165,000 
- 
81 
2024 
586 
Master-Planned Communities 
Shams Ar Riyadh(1) 
Riyadh 
2,065 
1,921,000 
- 
 
85 
2023 
3,041 
Shams Al Arous(1) 
Jeddah 
869 
581,562 
- 
 
50 
2023 
710 
Juman Project(2) 
Eastern Province 
- 
2,707,000 
2,346,000 
0 
2025 
328 
Residential and Commercial Projects 
Urban Oasis by Missoni 
Dubai 
455 
- 
- 
 
40 
2023 
507 
Sidra 
Sarajevo 
440 
299,527 
- 
 
10 
2024 
64 
Dar Al-Arkan Pagani Tower 
Dubai 
96 
- 
- 
20 
2023 
455 
W Residences Downtown Dubai 
Dubai 
384 
- 
- 
2 
2024 
456 
Total 
4,309 
5,674,089 
2,346,000 
- 
- 
6,147 
 
 
 
Notes: 
(1) 
Including development plans for residential and commercial properties, which will depend on market conditions assessment 
(2) 
Represents the phase 1 cost i.e., land reclamation and infrastructure cost and only represents Dar Al-Arkan’s share of 18 per cent. 
(3) 
Represents the phase 1 cost 
Completed Projects 
Land Development Projects 
Naeem Al Jiwar (previously called the Al-Tilal Project) 
The Naeem Al Jiwar project is located in southern Medina, south of Hijra Road, approximately nine kilometres 
from the Holy Prophet Mosque and partially within the boundary of the Haram zone, which is considered to be a 
desirable area by many Muslims. The project is in the Bani Bayyada Area to the east of Mount Ayr, which 
overlooks the project. The Haram area boundary line passes through the project from east to west and divides the 
project into two sections, north and south. 
The Naeem Al Jiwar project was designed to cater to the middle-income market segment and consists of 499 
residential villas built on an area of 165,000 square metres, designed in traditional Arabic and neo-classical 
architectural themes. The construction of villas for the Naeem Al Jiwar project was completed in 2010 with a 
saleable area of 87,025 square metres. The total cost of the project was approximately SAR 375 million (U.S.$100 
million). As of 31 March 2022, the project had been completed and all of the units available for sale had been 
sold. 
Master-Planned Communities 
Parisiana (previously called Al-Qasr) 
Parisiana was Dar Al-Arkan’s first master-planned community and is located in the Al-Suwaidi suburb of Riyadh. 
Parisiana has a built up area of approximately 1.2 million square metres which includes approximately 20,000 
square metres of office space and 65,000 square metres of commercial space. Parisiana includes various public 
service and commercial facilities, including mosques, public parks, green belts, schools, entertainment areas and 
retail areas. Parisiana is designed to cater to the middle-income market segment and can house approximately 
13,000 people. 
Parisiana is divided into five zones and has 3,051 residential units, comprised of 254 villas and 2,797 apartments 
in varying styles and sizes. In Parisiana South, as of 31 March 2022, Dar Al-Arkan has earmarked 1,366 units as 
available for sale which were previously leased opportunistically from time to time, and has retained 
approximately 800 apartments as rental properties under long-term institutional lease agreements, of which more

--- Page 184 ---
172 
 
 
than 90 per cent. are currently leased. Dar Al-Arkan has also retained the office space and retail facilities in 
Parisiana Boulevard as leasing properties. The majority of the lease contracts are long-term, ranging between three 
and five years and signed with Government agencies and private entities. Management expects that the regular 
cash flow derived from these long-term contracts will facilitate the process of obtaining external financing backed 
by these leased assets and will in turn reduce the cost of financing for Dar Al-Arkan in future. 
The total cost of Parisiana, excluding the cost of the commercial mall (see the section below entitled “—Al-Qasr 
Mall”), was approximately SAR 2 billion (U.S.$534 million). 
Residential and commercial properties  
Dar Al Mashaer Towers (previously called Al Azizia Towers) 
The Dar Al Mashaer Towers project is seven towers comprising 314 apartments and six penthouses constructed 
over 6,300 square metres of land and is located in Makkah city at a significantly important location on Aziziah 
Street next to the Holy Mosque and the Jamarat. Following completion of the lease with King Abdullah Medical 
City, the building was repossessed in 2021 for a full refurbishment with a view to preparing the property for sale. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the refurbishment is expected to be completed by early 2023 and the units 
in the towers will be handed over to new customers shortly thereafter. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the refurbishment of the building is ongoing and is expected to be completed 
by early 2023. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, 152 apartments have been released for sale, of which 89 
have been sold. 
Al-Qasr Mall 
Al-Qasr Mall, which opened in June 2012, is located adjacent to the Parisiana residential and commercial project 
(see “Master-Planned Communities— Parisiana” above), mid-south of Riyadh, a strategic choice of location for 
the project in an area of Riyadh with a shortage of malls and a relatively affluent local population. 
Al-Qasr Mall was developed using high quality, modern design, building and finishing standards, with a built-up 
area of 220,000 square metres, comprising 499 shops over four floors and parking capacity for more than 1,800 
cars. In addition, Al-Qasr Mall includes a cinema multiplex with 15 screens opened in March 2019, a children’s 
amusement zone, a food court and an 800-metre-long exterior lighting façade (currently the largest in the Middle 
East) which is utilised for advertising purposes. 
Tenants in Al-Qasr Mall include department and retail stores, cafes, restaurants and a hypermarket. A number of 
high profile international and regional retailers have leased retail space in Al-Qasr Mall including Vox, Carrefour, 
Landmark Group, Al Shaya and Sala Entertainment. 
Dar Al-Arkan has retained Al-Qasr Mall as a leasable asset as part of its investment properties portfolio. It consists 
of approximately 76,000 square metres of net leasable commercial space. 
The leasing ratio of Al-Qasr Mall stood at 90 per cent. as of 31 March 2022. The total cost of the Al-Qasr Mall 
was approximately SAR 1.04 billion (U.S.$277.60 million). 
Projects under development 
Land Development Projects 
Qasr Khozam 
The Qasr Khozam land development project, which was announced in 2008 and commenced construction in 2011, 
is being developed as a joint venture between Dar Al-Arkan and Jeddah Development and Urban Regeneration 
Company, with Dar Al-Arkan having 66.50 per cent. ownership. Khozam REDC was formed in October 2009 to 
develop the Qasr Khozam project.  
The project consists of approximately 4 million square metres of land located in the central south east region of 
Jeddah, near the port and the district of Al Balad, the original city centre of Jeddah. The project is intended to 
revitalise the city centre of Jeddah into a fully sustainable central business district. The land area will be 
completely redeveloped, with existing infrastructure replaced entirely with new infrastructure that will support 
wide roads, a light rail transportation system and high-rise buildings with existing dwellings being demolished.

--- Page 185 ---
173 
 
 
Dar Al-Arkan is responsible for performing a feasibility study and creating a master plan for the project. In 
addition, Dar Al-Arkan is responsible for developing basic infrastructure relating to residential and commercial 
use, such as water, electricity and other utilities, as well as paved streets and sidewalks. 
Khozam REDC has obtained all required approvals for the project, including the approval of the master plan by 
the MoMRAH and all permissions and licenses required for processing the deeds for the first phase of the project. 
The project has been divided into five phases. The first phase of the project involves the development of 165,000 
square metres of land, which was approximately 81 per cent. complete as of 31 March 2022, with minor 
infrastructure work outstanding. The total expected cost of phase 1 of the Qasr Khozam project is estimated to be 
SAR 586 million (U.S.$156.3 million) as of 31 March 2022. The total estimated cost of the Qasr Khozam land 
development project is expected to be approximately SAR 12 billion (U.S.$3.2 billion). 
Master-Planned Communities  
Shams Ar Riyadh 
The Shams Ar Riyadh project is Dar Al-Arkan’s second master-planned community and is located in Riyadh’s 
Al-Dariyia district. The Shams Ar Riyadh project is one of the largest residential development projects ever 
initiated in the Kingdom by size, comprising a total area of approximately five million square metres, of which 
1.8 million square metres were strategically sold by Dar Al-Arkan to the Saudi Basic Industries Corporation 
(SABIC). SABIC purchased the land to provide housing for its senior executives and their families. This was a 
strategic decision that was intended to enhance the visibility, demand and price for the development. Notable 
features of the Shams Ar Riyadh project include highland altitude, wide roads, pedestrian sidewalks and scenic 
landscaping. Shams Ar Riyadh is designed to cater to the middle to upper bracket of the middle-income market 
segment. 
In accordance with Dar Al-Arkan’s strategy of phased development, the infrastructure development of the Shams 
Ar Riyadh project commenced in 2007. This covered the completion of grading works, development of the 
project’s frontage, construction of a bridge passing over the natural valley linking commercial and residential 
areas and the construction of two electrical power substations. In 2017, Dar Al-Arkan awarded the redesign 
contract for the project’s main roads and related infrastructure to Saudi Consult. At the end of 2017, the main road 
construction work was completed.  
The Shams Ar Riyadh project is also expected to include residential villas for sale to retail customers, some of 
which are expected to be designed by Roberto Cavalli and Versace. During 2018, approval was granted to Dar 
Al-Arkan to initiate residential plot sales on an off-plan basis. As of 31 March 2022, all of the 2,061 plots which 
had been released had been sold or reserved, with an aggregate sale value of SAR 6.68 billion (U.S.$1.78 billion). 
Dar Al-Arkan also intends to develop a number of designer villas and a retail strip (subject to further feasibility 
studies). The master plan of the project provides for public services and facilities such as mosques, healthcare 
centres, hotels, a culture centre, educational services, a retail mall and a commercial centre with landscaping and 
open spaces. The total cost of the project is estimated to be approximately SAR 3.04 billion (U.S.$0.81 billion) 
and, as of 31 March 2022, almost 85 per cent. of the project had been completed. 
Shams Al Arous 
The Shams Al Arous project is Dar Al-Arkan’s third master-planned community and is located approximately 
five kilometres from the intersection of Palestine Road and Al Harmain Road east of downtown Jeddah, covering 
an area of approximately 0.9 million square metres. Development of the Shams Al Arous project will be completed 
in stages. The Shams Al Arous project is divided into four zones and features a retail area to offer amenities and 
serve the community. Phase 1 of this project was launched in early 2021 and 50 per cent. of the construction works 
at the site had been completed by the end of 2021. The total estimated cost for the project is SAR 710.37 million 
(U.S.$189.43 million). The overall project consists of 869 residential and commercial plots. As of 31 March 2022, 
of the 484 plots being developed as part of phase 1 of the Shams Al Arous project, 238 had been sold or reserved. 
Juman Project 
The Juman Project is Dar Al-Arkan’s fourth master-planned community and the project started in 2014 as a joint 
venture between Dar Al-Arkan Real Estate Development Company and a group of high net worth Saudi 
businessmen based in the Kingdom. In addition to being a shareholder in this project with an 18 per cent. equity 
share, Dar Al-Arkan will undertake the master plan development and project management.

--- Page 186 ---
174 
 
 
The Juman Project will be developed over a total land area of 8.2 million square meters as an integrated, mixed 
use, master planned community. This vibrant community will be located on the waterfront near the City of 
Dammam in the Eastern Region of the Kingdom. 
The development of the Juman Project will be completed in phases, with the first phase of the construction of the 
project due to commence towards the end of 2022. This initial phase of the project will involve the reclamation 
of approximately three million square metres of land, as well as the completion of the necessary infrastructure 
work at a cost of SAR 1.8 billion (U.S.$480 million), which includes the construction of bridges to provide a 
direct connection between Dammam and Ras Tanura where the Juman Project is located. This first phase of the 
project is expected to be completed by 2025. The concept design was presented to the Eastern Province 
Development Authority in 2021 and, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, is awaiting government approval to 
proceed. 
The future development of the project will consist of commercial areas which include business centres, shopping 
centres, hotels, entertainment and resorts. The project is expected to create economic opportunities and provide 
strong investment returns for Dar Al-Arkan due to the design, product mix and strategic location of the site.  
The Juman Project’s master plan includes residential areas that will be built on a land area of 3.65 million square 
metres. The residential development will provide a variety of housing solutions that meets the needs of families 
and individuals in the Eastern Region. The project will also offer large recreational and public service facilities. 
International residential and commercial projects 
Urban Oasis by Missoni (previously known as the I Love Florence Tower) 
The Urban Oasis by Missoni tower is a 34 storey residential development located on the Dubai Canal and will 
contain bespoke apartments with luxury interiors designed by Roberto Cavalli.  
This tower is designed to cater to middle to high-income market segment and comprises 455 modern apartments 
with a built up area of approximately 44,000 square metres. This project was announced in December 2017 and 
is expected to be completed by 2023. As of 31 March 2022, 394 out of a total of 455 units have been sold or 
reserved. The total cost of the project is estimated to be SAR 507 million (U.S.$135 million). 
Sidra  
Sidra is the largest single real estate development project in Bosnia. The site is situated in Ravne, Vareš, 38 km 
outside Sarajevo, the capital of Bosnia. 
The project aims to provide low-rise residential holiday villas, commercial areas, a hotel and recreational facilities. 
The total land area of the project is approximately 500,000 square metres. Municipal and federal approval for the 
development have been obtained and, as of 31 March 2022, out of a total of 440 plots within the project, 76 plots 
had been sold. The total cost of this project is currently estimated to be SAR 64 million (U.S.$17.1 million). 
Dar Al-Arkan Pagani Tower 
The Dar Al-Arkan Pagani Tower is a residential building located in Downtown Dubai with interiors designed by 
Pagani and having a development value of SAR 834 million (U.S.$222.4 million). 
The Dar Al-Arkan Pagani Tower is strategically located along the Dubai Canal in Downtown Dubai. It overlooks 
the world’s tallest building, the Burj Khalifa. The project was launched in December 2021 and, as of 31 March 
2022, out of a total of 96 units in the tower, 13 units had been sold or reserved. The total estimated cost of the 
project is SAR 455 million (U.S.$121.3 million). 
W Residences 
The W Residences is a residential building in one of the most prominent urban neighbourhoods in the world, 
Downtown Dubai. It is a distinct residential tower strategically located by Business Bay, in view of many of 
Dubai’s major landmarks.  
W Residences offers a wide range of high-end amenities, including a clubhouse, guest suites, a modern fitness 
centre, a communications area with a private cinema, games room and relaxation area, business offices with co-

--- Page 187 ---
175 
 
 
working spaces and meeting rooms, an outdoor infinity pool, and a large terrace with a lounge and dining area, 
and a walking track. 
The W Residences was launched in early 2022 and, as of 31 March 2022, out of a total of 384 units, 315 units had 
been sold or reserved. The total estimated cost of the project is SAR 456 million (U.S.$121.6 million). 
Administrative systems and IT 
Dar Al-Arkan uses state-of-the-art IT systems to organise its project development operations. Dar Al-Arkan uses 
an oracle based enterprise resource planning tool (which includes a property management module), as well as 
Primavera, an engineering and project management application. 
Intellectual property 
Save for Dar Al-Arkan’s logo, which is registered as a trademark in the Kingdom, there are no other trademarks, 
patents, copyright or other intellectual property rights which are material in relation to Dar Al-Arkan’s business 
or profitability or on which Dar Al-Arkan is dependent. 
Market research 
Dar Al-Arkan has invested significantly in market research during its history, which management believes has 
contributed to Dar Al-Arkan’s growth in recent years. Since its inception, Dar Al-Arkan has invested more than 
SAR 50 million (U.S.$13.3 million) in market research. Dar Al-Arkan also commissions research on the real 
estate development and real estate finance markets. Going forward, Dar Al-Arkan plans to continue to invest in 
market research. 
Competition 
In recent years, large regional real estate developers have entered the Kingdom’s real estate development market, 
in particular developers from the UAE. Certain of these competitors are developing projects similar to Dar 
Al-Arkan’s master-planned communities. These competitors have greater expertise and financial, technical and 
marketing resources than the smaller developers with which Dar Al-Arkan has historically competed. 
Notwithstanding this increase in competition, management believes that Dar Al-Arkan remains a leading real 
estate developer in the Kingdom, particularly with respect to master-planned communities targeted to a diverse 
range of income segments in the relevant market. 
Employees 
As of 31 March 2022, Dar Al-Arkan employed 401 employees (excluding third party consultants and contractors). 
Approximately 84 per cent. of Dar Al-Arkan’s workforce is located in Riyadh where its headquarters are situated. 
The remaining employees are located in Dar Al-Arkan’s five branch offices, in Makkah, Jeddah and Medina in 
the Kingdom, Dubai in the UAE, and Sarajevo in Bosnia. Of Dar Al-Arkan’s 401 employees, 225 are engaged in 
general and administrative activities, 55 are engaged in activities related to project development, and 121 are 
engaged in activities relating to sales and marketing.  
The table below sets out a breakdown of Dar Al-Arkan’s employees by office/branch and nationality, as of 31 
March 2022: 
Office/Branch 
Number of non-
Saudi employees 
Number of Saudi 
employees 
Total number of 
employees 
Kingdom 
 
 
 
Riyadh ........................................................... 
126 
211 
337 
Makkah .......................................................... 
9 
0 
9 
Jeddah ............................................................ 
13 
10 
23 
Medina........................................................... 
0 
1 
1 
United Arab Emirates 
 
 
 
Dubai ............................................................. 
30 
0 
30 
Bosnia  
 
 
 
Sarajevo ......................................................... 
1 
0 
1 
Total .............................................................. 
179 
222 
401

--- Page 188 ---
176 
 
 
Dar Al-Arkan seeks qualified recruits in local and international labour markets and aims to offer competitive 
remuneration in order to retain a competent and skilled workforce. 
Disputes 
Dar Al-Arkan is not and has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including 
any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which Dar Al-Arkan is aware) since the date of its 
incorporation which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position or 
profitability of Dar Al-Arkan. 
Capital structure 
As of 31 March 2022, Dar Al-Arkan’s issued capital stood at SAR 10.8 billion (U.S.$2.9 billion) divided into 1.1 
billion ordinary shares with a par value of SAR 10 each (U.S.$2.7). The shares of Dar Al-Arkan are listed on the 
Tadawul All Share Index of the Saudi Stock Exchange. As of 31 March 2022, no shareholder held more than 5 
per cent. of Dar Al-Arkan’s issued share capital. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Dar Al-Arkan has not issued any options or other rights to acquire shares 
in its share capital. 
Corporate structure 
Dar Al-Arkan has established a number of subsidiary companies in order to diversify its investment portfolio and 
sources of income. The following is a summary of Dar Al-Arkan’s principal operating subsidiaries: 
Dar Al-Arkan Properties (Real Estate) Company 
Dar Al-Arkan Properties (Real Estate) Company is a privately held joint stock company registered in Riyadh with 
commercial registration no. 1010254063, dated 25/7/1429H (corresponding to 28 July 2008). Its principal 
operations include the development and acquisition of commercial and residential real estate and the provision of 
management and operational services and the maintenance of residential and commercial buildings and public 
facilities. 
Dar Al-Arkan Commercial Investment Company 
Dar Al-Arkan Commercial Investment Company is a limited liability company registered in Riyadh with 
commercial registration no. 1010247585, dated 28/3/1429H (corresponding to 5 April 2008). Its principal 
operations include real estate investment. 
Dar Al-Arkan Sukuk Company 
Dar Al-Arkan Sukuk Company is a limited liability company registered in Riyadh with commercial registration 
no. 1010256421, dated 16/9/1429H (corresponding to 16 September 2008). Its principal operations include real 
estate development and investment. 
Sukuk Al-Arkan Company 
Sukuk Al-Arkan Company is a limited liability company registered in Riyadh with commercial registration 
no. 1010274407, dated 11/10/1430H (corresponding to 1 October 2009). Its principal operations include the 
development, maintenance and management of real estate, purchase of land and general contracting. 
Dar Al-Arkan Sukuk International Company 
Dar Al-Arkan Sukuk International Company (formerly Siyada Investment Company) is a limited liability 
company registered in Riyadh with commercial registration no. 1010275448, dated 30/10/1430H (corresponding 
to 19 October 2009). Its principal operations include real estate investments and development.  
Dar Al-Arkan Construction Technology Company 
Dar Al-Arkan Construction Technology Company, formerly known as Dar Al-Arkan Contracting Company, is a 
limited liability company registered in Riyadh with commercial registration no. 1010521509, dated 22/6/1438H 
(corresponding to 21 March 2017). Its principal operations include the development of real estate and the provision 
of leasing, management and operational services.

--- Page 189 ---
177 
 
 
Maaqel Real Estate Company 
Maaqel Real Estate Company is a limited liability company registered in Riyadh with commercial registration 
no. 1010600708, dated 24/2/1441H (corresponding to 23 October 2019). Its principal operations include real 
estate, leasing and property management. 
Bawadi For Real Estate Company 
Bawadi For Real Estate Company is a limited liability company registered in Riyadh with commercial registration 
no. 1010600710, dated 24/2/1441H (corresponding to 23 October 2019). Its principal operations include general 
construction, purchase and sale, acquisition, leasing of real estate and property management. 
Al-Enteshar Real Estate Company 
Al-Enteshar Real Estate Company is a limited liability company registered in Riyadh with commercial registration 
no. 1010600709, dated 24/2/1441H (corresponding to 23 October 2019). Its principal operations include sale and 
purchase, acquisition, leasing of real estate and property management. 
Iktifa Real Estate Company 
Iktifa Real Estate Company is a limited liability company (previously known as Sawaed Real Estate Company) 
registered in Riyadh with commercial registration no. 1010600711, dated 24/2/1441H (corresponding to 23 
October 2019). Its principal operations include sale and purchase, acquisition, leasing of real estate and property 
management. 
Dar Al-Arkan For Real Estate Development LLC 
Dar Al-Arkan For Real Estate Development LLC is a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of  
Qatar with commercial registration no. 165584, dated 14/7/1443H (corresponding to 15 February 2022). Its 
principal operations include real estate development.

--- Page 190 ---
178 
 
 
MANAGEMENT  
Overview 
The following chart shows the structure of Dar Al-Arkan’s corporate governing bodies, including its Board of 
Directors (the Board) and committees of the Board: 
 
Board of Directors 
Dar Al-Arkan’s Board is responsible for the management of Dar Al-Arkan’s business. It consists of six members 
who are elected by a regular meeting of the general assembly of the shareholders for a period not exceeding three 
years. The appointments of the current members of the Board are due to end in June 2022.  
The Chairman and Vice Chairman of the Board are appointed by the Board, which also determines their powers 
and remuneration (if any). The Board has the power to propose its compensation for approval to the general 
assembly of the shareholders. 
The following table shows a list of current members of the Board. 
Name 
Capacity 
Yousef Abdullah Al Shelash 
Chairman 
Majed Bin Abdulrahman Al Qasem 
Vice Chairman 
Hethloul Bin Saleh Al Hethloul 
Member 
Tariq Bin Mohamed Al Jarallah 
Member 
Dr. Abdulaziz Bin Ibrahim Al Mana 
Member 
Ahmed Bin Mohammed Othman Al Dahash 
Member 
 
 
In the five years preceding the date of this Base Prospectus, no member of the Board had been convicted of any 
fraudulent offence, served as director, partner, founder or senior manager of any organisation at the time of any 
bankruptcy, receivership, any official public incrimination or sanctions by statutory or regulatory authorities, 
including designated professional bodies, or has been disqualified by a court from acting as a director of an issuer 
or from acting in the management or conduct of affairs of any issuer. 
There are no conflicts of interest between the private interests or other duties of Dar Al-Arkan’s directors and 
their duties to Dar Al-Arkan. The business address of each of the Directors is c/o Dar Al-Arkan Real Estate 
Development Company, Maathar Street, P.O. Box 105633, Riyadh 11656, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. 
Four of the six members of the Board are also founding shareholders of Dar Al-Arkan. Set forth below are brief 
biographies of each member of the Board. 
Mr. Yousef Abdullah Al Shelash (Chairman) 
Mr. Al Shelash is Chairman of the Board. He is a Saudi national and a founding shareholder of Dar Al-Arkan. 
Mr. Al Shelash has experience in strategic planning and real estate development. He is also the chairman of SHL, 
Alkhair Capital and Alkhair Bank B.S.C. (c) (Alkhair Bank). Mr. Al Shelash holds a Bachelor’s degree in Islamic

--- Page 191 ---
179 
 
 
Law from Imam Mohammad Ibn Saud Islamic University, the Kingdom, and a Diploma of Studies in Procedural 
Systems from the Institute of Management Accountants, the Kingdom. 
Mr. Majed Bin Abdulrahman Al Qasem (Vice Chairman) 
Mr. Al Qasem is Vice Chairman of the Board. Mr. Al Qasem is a Saudi national and a founding shareholder of 
Dar Al-Arkan. Mr. Al Qasem has a diverse range of experience working in strategic planning, real estate 
development, investment management and control, as well as risk and governance. He is also the vice chairman 
of Alkhair Capital and Alkhair Bank. Mr. Al Qasem holds a Bachelor’s degree in Islamic Law from Imam 
Mohammad Ibn Saud Islamic University, the Kingdom, and a Diploma of Studies in Procedural Systems from the 
Higher Judicial Institute, the Kingdom. 
Mr. Hethloul Bin Saleh Al Hethloul 
Mr. Al Hethloul is a member of the Board. He is a Saudi national and a founding shareholder of Dar Al-Arkan. 
His expertise is in real estate investment, finance and valuation, and strategic planning. In addition, Mr. 
Al Hethloul has attended training courses in, amongst other things, committee management, risk, strategic 
management, corporate governance, and practical tools for strategic guidance and management control. Mr. Al 
Hethloul holds a Diploma of Business Science. 
Mr. Tariq Bin Mohamed Al Jarallah 
Mr. Al Jarallah is a member of the Board. He is a Saudi national and a founding shareholder of Dar Al-Arkan. In 
addition, he has attended training courses in, amongst other things, the fields of strategic planning and corporate 
governance. His expertise is in land planning and valuation of real estate, and areas of preparing feasibility studies, 
modern management methods, developing the necessary plans and preparing time studies in the field of marketing, 
real estate sales, market study and consumer need as well as supervision of architectural projects. He is a founding 
partner of AlKhair Group Holding Limited located in the Dubai International Financial Centre, UAE. 
Mr. Al Jarallah holds a Bachelor’s degree in Management from King Saud University, the Kingdom. 
Dr. Abdulaziz Bin Ibrahim Al Mana  
Dr. Al Mana is an independent member of the Board. Dr. Al Mana was also a University Professor, a former 
Minister of State in the Council of Ministers, and a former member of the Shura Council. His expertise is in 
strategic planning, engineering education and management systems. Dr. Mana holds several degrees, including a 
Bachelor’s degree in Civil Engineering, University of Santa Clara, the United States, and a Master’s degree and a 
Ph.D. in Civil Engineering from Stanford University, the United States. He has produced a number of publications 
and research notes, received several awards, and participated in local, regional and international conferences and 
seminars.  
Mr. Ahmed Bin Mohammed Al Dahash 
Mr. Al Dahash is an independent member of the Board. He has over 50 years of experience in the fields of 
development, investment, real estate evaluation, contracting, property management, land site selection expert and 
has long experience in other fields such as in the oil and gas industries and analysis and measurement of global, 
regional and local market trends. 
Committees 
Executive Committee 
The Executive Committee comprises the Chairman of the Board, in addition two other members of the Board, all 
of whom are appointed by the Board. The Executive Committee is responsible for, amongst other things, 
monitoring the implementation of Dar Al-Arkan’s strategy by overseeing the preparation of the operational plan 
and its execution, reviewing and recommending the adoption of Dar Al-Arkan’s values, vision, goals and policies, 
providing advice in relation to investments, including in relation to mergers and/or joint ventures and/or obtaining 
project financing, ensuring the proper allocation of resources for the implementation of Dar Al-Arkan’s strategies, 
such as funding and human resources, developing criteria for the selection of the Chief Executive Officer and 
members of senior management and supervising its implementation, reviewing and evaluating the performance 
of senior management in achieving Dar Al-Arkan’s objectives, reviewing and evaluating Dar Al-Arkan’s strategic 
plans, reviewing periodic reports presented by senior management, and approving policies and guidelines 
recommended by the Human Resources department.

--- Page 192 ---
180 
 
 
The Executive Committee held four meetings during 2021. 
Audit Committee 
The Audit Committee comprises three members of the Board who are recommended by the Board and appointed 
by the general assembly of the shareholders of Dar Al-Arkan. The Audit Committee is responsible for, among 
other things, supervising Dar Al-Arkan’s internal audit department and studying its reports, reviewing Dar Al-
Arkan’s annual financial statements and accounting policies, recommending the appointment of audit firms to the 
Board, and studying regulatory authorities’ reports on Dar Al-Arkan’s compliance with the applicable regulations 
and directives. Dar Al-Arkan’s employees are able to provide their observations regarding any violation of Dar 
Al-Arkan’s internal regulations. The Audit Committee submits its recommendations to the Board.  
The Audit Committee held five meetings during 2021. The Audit Committee reviewed Dar Al-Arkan’s quarterly 
and annual financial statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2021 and provided its recommendations 
to the Board. 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee  
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee comprises the Chairman of the Board, in addition to three Board 
members, all of whom are appointed by the general assembly of the shareholders of Dar Al-Arkan. The 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee is responsible for providing recommendations to the Board for 
potential nominees to join the Board, performing an annual review of the criteria required to be met by potential 
nominees to the Board, providing a description of the capabilities and qualifications required for membership of 
the Board, reviewing the structure of the Board and recommending necessary changes identifying strengths and 
weaknesses, confirming periodically the independence of members of the Board and the absence of any conflicts 
of interest with any other board memberships, and developing clear policies and criteria for remuneration of 
members of the Board and senior management according to agreed performance criteria.  
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee held two meetings during 2021. 
Senior Management  
The senior management team of Dar Al-Arkan comprises professionals with significant experience in the field of 
real estate development and their respective areas of specialty. Each member of senior management has specific 
responsibilities and is subject to the oversight by the Chief Executive Officer. 
The aggregate annual compensation of the senior executive officers including the Chief Executive Officer and 
Chief Financial Officer for the three months ended 31 March 2022 was SAR 3.2 million (U.S.$0.86 million).  
The following table shows a list of current members of the senior management team:  
Name 
Position 
Anand Raheja 
Chief Executive Officer 
Philip Antony 
Chief Financial Officer 
Mohammed Al Motawakil  
Chief Executive Officer – Business Development 
Laura Al Ruzaig  
Human Resources Director 
Mohammed Al Ghamdi 
Head of Government Affairs 
Tareq Alnabulsi 
General Manager of Procurement and Facilities 
Management 
Waleed AlRai 
General Manager of Development 
Qais Dabbas  
General Manager of Construction 
Rasha Al Othaim Assaad Najem  
Head of Sales  
Abdallah Alsaeed 
Investor Relations Manager

--- Page 193 ---
181 
 
 
In the five years preceding the date of this Base Prospectus, no member of Dar Al-Arkan’s senior management 
team had been convicted of any fraudulent offence, served as director, partner, founder or senior manager of any 
organisation at the time of any bankruptcy, receivership, any official public incrimination or sanctions by statutory 
or regulatory authorities, including designated professional bodies. 
There are no conflicts of interest between the private interests or other duties of Dar Al-Arkan’s senior 
management team and their duties to Dar Al-Arkan. 
Set forth below are brief biographies of each member of the senior management team: 
Mr. Anand Raheja (Chief Executive Officer) 
Mr. Raheja re-joined Dar Al-Arkan in May 2018 initially to serve in the role of Chief Financial Officer, having 
previously performed this role between 2011 and 2013. Mr. Raheja has held the position of Chief Executive 
Officer since June 2019. He has more than 30 years of experience working with the largest real estate companies 
and accounting and auditing firms in the Middle East, the United States, the UK and India. Mr. Raheja holds a 
Master’s degree in Finance from New York University, the United States.  
Mr. Philip Antony (Chief Financial Officer) 
Mr. Antony has held the position of Chief Financial Officer since June 2019. In his previous role as Director – 
Accounting and Financial Reporting, he led several key initiatives at Dar Al-Arkan, including overseeing previous 
sukuk issued by Dar Al-Arkan and syndicated financing programmes. Prior to joining Dar Al-Arkan, Mr. Antony 
spent 16 years in senior corporate finance and management roles with Sonata Software Ltd and Novell Inc. in 
India and the United States, respectively. Mr. Antony holds a Master of Commerce degree from University of 
Calicut, India, and is a Chartered Accountant. 
Mr. Mohammed Al Motawakil (Chief Executive Officer - Business Development) 
Mr. Al Motawakil joined Dar Al-Arkan as Chief Executive Officer – Business Development in 2022. He has over 
19 years of experience in the real estate sector in the Kingdom and the United States. Mr. Al Motawakil has held 
leadership roles in both the private and public sectors. His previous experience has included business development, 
investment, and finance roles in a wide range of real-estate disciplines, including residential, commercial, and 
mixed-used developments. Mr. Al Motawakil specialises in strategy and planning, programme development and 
implementation, transaction structuring, as well as a particular focus on environmental and sustainable PPP 
projects. In addition, Mr. Al Motawakil holds a Bachelor’s degree in Finance and International Business from The 
George Washington University, the United States, and a Master’s degree in Real Estate Management and 
Development from American University, the United States. 
Ms. Laura Al Ruzaig (Human Resources Director) 
Ms. Al Ruzaig joined Dar Al-Arkan as Human Resources Director in July 2020. She has 11 years of experience 
working in human resources. Ms. Al Ruzaig’s experience has involved working with companies on their strategic 
staffing plans, compensation and benefits, training and development, performance management, talent 
assessment, organisational development programmes, and developing human resources policies and guidelines. 
Prior to joining Dar Al-Arkan, Ms. Al Ruzaig held senior roles in human resources and support services with 
Kingdom Holding Company in the Kingdom. She holds a Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration and 
Management from Arab Open University, the Kingdom. 
Mr. Mohammed Al Ghamdi (Head of Government Affairs) 
Mr. Al-Ghamdi joined Dar Al-Arkan as Head of Government Affairs in December 2016. His career spans 29 
years, during which time he has held a number of administrative and executive leadership positions in both the 
public and private sectors. Mr. Al Ghamdi is also a member of various executive committees in the areas of 
tourism, athletics and real estate development. Mr. Al-Ghamdi studied at the Faculty of Sharia at Imam 
Mohammad Ibn Saud Islamic University, the Kingdom, and the Faculty of Commerce, Department of Business 
Administration, at Cairo University, Egypt. 
Mr. Tareq Alnabulsi (General Manager of Procurement and Facilities Management) 
Mr. Alnabulsi joined Dar Al-Arkan as General Manager of Procurement and Facilities Management in April 2021. 
He has 30 years of experience in construction, project management and real estate development, during which

--- Page 194 ---
182 
 
 
time he worked on a number of projects in Abu Dhabi, the UAE, such as Al Fahid Island and Nurai Island. Mr. 
Alnabulsi holds a Bachelor’s degree in Industrial Engineering from Northeastern University, the United States. 
Mr. Waleed AlRai (General Manager of Development) 
Mr. AlRai joined Dar Al-Arkan as General Manager of Development in 2022. He has nearly two decades of 
experience in real estate development, investment and strategy. During his career, Mr. AlRai has worked for 
leading property developers, investment and advisory companies, and he has managed a wide range of large-scale 
asset classes including branded residential, hospitality, retail, leisure, entertainment, and mixed-use projects. 
These companies included Saudi Entertainment Venture (SEVEN) (an execution and investment arm of PIF in 
the entertainment sector), Damac Properties, Eagle Hills, Dubai Pearl and the Catalyst Group (a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of the Islamic Corporation for the Development of the Private Sector, which is a member group of the 
Islamic Development Bank Group). Mr. AlRai graduated in advanced real estate management from Harvard 
University, the United States, where he was awarded recognition for an outstanding digital real estate platform 
graduation project. He also holds a Bachelor’s degree in architectural engineering from Jordan University, Jordan. 
Mr. Qais Dabbas (General Manager of Construction) 
Mr. Dabbas joined Dar Al-Arkan as General Manager of Construction in 2022. He has 22 years of experience in 
the construction industry, as well as project management, in the Middle East, including the Kingdom, the UAE, 
Qatar and Jordan. Prior to joining Dar Al-Arkan, Mr. Dabbas worked for a number of leading international 
businesses, including Al Arrab Contracting Company and Al Jaber Engineering, delivering a variety of projects 
such as high rise towers, government buildings, residential developments and infrastructure projects. Mr. Dabbas 
holds a Bachelor’s degree in Architectural Engineering from Jordan University of Science and Technology, 
Jordan. 
Ms. Rasha Al-Othaim (Head of Sales) 
Ms. Al-Othaim joined Dar Al-Arkan in September 2017 and serves as head of the Sales Operations Department. 
She has more than eight years of experience in sales and business management. Ms. Al-Othaim holds a Bachelor’s 
degree from the College of Da’wah and Media at Imam Mohammad Ibn Saud University, the Kingdom. 
Mr. Abdullah Alsaeed (Investor Relations Manager) 
Mr. Alsaeed joined Dar Al-Arkan in 2018 and serves as the Investor Relations Manager. He has over 10 years of 
experience in investor relations and finance, having worked as an investor relations and compliance manager at 
Zain Telecom, as a senior analyst in investor relations at Mobily, and as a finance trainee as part of Mobily’s 
Saudi talent programme. Mr. Alsaeed holds a Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration from Valparaiso 
University, the United States. 
Ownership of Shares by Directors and Senior Management 
Details of members of the Board’s and the senior management team’s shareholdings are published each year in 
Dar Al-Arkan’s annual report. As of 31 December 2021, no member of the Board or senior management held 
more than one per cent. of Dar Al-Arkan shares.  
Corporate Governance 
The board of the CMA issued a resolution dated 16/5/1438H (corresponding to 13 February 2017), which 
approved the Corporate Governance Regulations in the Kingdom, as amended by a resolution of the board of the 
CMA dated 1/6/1442H (corresponding to 14 January 2021) (the Corporate Governance Regulations). Dar Al-
Arkan has implemented all of the mandatory rules and standards set out in the Corporate Governance Regulations, 
including Articles 9 (Distribution of Dividends), 12 (Competencies of the Ordinary General Assembly) and 14 
(The Agenda of the General Assembly).  
Dar Al-Arkan has also implemented the majority of the guiding articles set out in the Corporate Governance 
Regulations, in particular, the articles relating to the rights of shareholders and compliance with disclosure and 
transparency procedures, composing the Internal Audit Department, including the development of the annual 
Internal Audit Plan and the Internal Audit Reports on a quarterly basis, and regulating Dar Al-Arkan’s relationship 
with its various stakeholders.  
In recent years, Dar Al-Arkan has been recognised with a number of awards, including:

--- Page 195 ---
183 
 
 
 
a nomination from the Cambridge Global Good Governance Programme (Cambridge 3G Programme) 
with respect to the 3G Socially Responsible Business Award 2022;  
 
Regulation S Sub-Investment Grade deal of the year award by GFC Media Group’s Bonds, Loans & 
Sukuk Middle East Awards 2020 in respect of Dar Al-Arkan’s issuance of U.S.$600,000,000 6.750 per 
cent. Trust Certificates due 2025; 
 
Best Corporate Governance (Saudi Arabia) award in 2016 from World Finance; and 
 
Corporate Governance Company of the Year (Middle East and North Africa) in 2015 from The European.

--- Page 196 ---
184 
 
 
SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
The following is a summary of certain provisions of the principal Transaction Documents and is qualified in its 
entirety by reference to the detailed provisions of the principal Transaction Documents. Copies of the Transaction 
Documents will be available for inspection at the offices of the Principal Paying Agent (as defined in the 
Conditions). 
Purchase Agreement 
The Master Purchase Agreement will be entered into on 7 June 2022 between the Trustee (in its capacity as 
Purchaser) and Dar Al-Arkan (in its capacity as Seller) and will be governed by the laws and regulations of the 
Kingdom and a Supplemental Purchase Agreement (together with the Master Purchase Agreement, the Purchase 
Agreement) between the Purchaser and the Seller (which may be any of the Restricted Subsidiaries of Dar Al-
Arkan) on the Issue Date of each Series and will also be governed by the laws and regulations of the Kingdom. 
Pursuant to each Purchase Agreement, the Seller will sell, transfer and convey to the Purchaser and the Purchaser 
will purchase from the Seller, and accept the transfer and conveyance of the Assets on the Issue Date in 
consideration for the purchase price, which shall be payable on the Issue Date, free and clear from all 
encumbrances. 
Lease Agreement 
The Master Lease Agreement will be entered into on 7 June 2022 between the Trustee (in its capacity as Lessor), 
Dar Al-Arkan (in its capacity as Lessee) and the Delegate and will be governed by the laws and regulations of the 
Kingdom and a Supplemental Lease Agreement (together with the Master Lease Agreement, the Lease 
Agreement) between the same parties will be entered into on the Issue Date of each Series and will also be 
governed by the laws and regulations of the Kingdom. 
Pursuant to the Lease Agreement, the Lessor may lease to the Lessee, and the Lessee may lease from the Lessor, 
the Lease Assets during renewable rental periods (which shall coincide with Return Accumulation Periods) 
commencing on the lease commencement date (which shall be the date of the Lease Agreement) and extending to 
the Scheduled Dissolution Date (unless: (a) the lease is terminated earlier in accordance with its terms; or (b) the 
lease is extended in accordance with the terms of the Purchase Undertaking) in consideration for periodic 
payments of Rental. 
Pursuant to the Lease Agreement, no later than the first day of each rental period (other than the first rental period) 
the Lessor (or its agent) shall send a renewal notice to the Lessee. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and the 
Lessee will agree that, unless it rejects such notice on such day when such notice is given (in which case it 
acknowledges that it will be in breach of its undertaking to irrevocably and unconditionally lease from the Lessor 
for the lease term and that such breach will constitute a Dar Al-Arkan Event) it will be deemed to have accepted 
each such notice as and when delivered. Where there is any delay or failure by the Lessor in delivering a renewal 
notice, the Rental for the relevant rental period shall accrue at the same rate as the Rental for the immediately 
preceding rental period. 
On each date on which the Service Agent submits to the Lessor or its agent a notice in writing requesting the 
Lessor’s approval of the Service Agent incurring or paying any proposed liability comprising an additional 
servicing agency expense (the date of such notice, being an Additional Service Agency Expense Request Date), 
the Lessor (or its agent) shall submit to the Lessee a notice in writing requesting payment by the Lessee to the 
Lessor on the first business day of the rental period commencing immediately after such Additional Service 
Agency Expense Request Date an amount of additional supplementary rental in respect of that rental period (as 
shall also be specified in the relevant renewal notice) equal to the relevant additional servicing agency expenses. 
Such notice shall be irrevocable and the Lessee will agree that, unless it rejects such notice on such Additional 
Service Agency Expense Request Date (in which case it acknowledges that such rejection will constitute a Dar 
Al-Arkan Event), it will be deemed to have approved such notice as and when submitted and agreed to pay the 
requested amount of additional supplementary rental in accordance with such notice and the relevant renewal 
notice. 
The Lessee will agree in the Lease Agreement to use the Lease Assets at its own risk.  Accordingly, the Lessee 
shall, from the date of the Lease Agreement, bear the entire risk of loss of or damage to the Lease Assets or any 
part thereof arising from the usage or operation thereof by the Lessee to the extent that such loss or damage has 
resulted from the Lessee’s gross negligence, wilful default, actual fraud or breach of its obligations under the

--- Page 197 ---
185 
 
 
Lease Agreement.  In addition, the Lessor shall not be liable (and the Lessee will waive any claim or right, 
howsoever arising, to the contrary) for any indirect, consequential or other losses, howsoever arising, in 
connection with the Lessee’s use or operation of the Lease Assets, save to the extent that such loss or damage has 
resulted from the Lessor’s gross negligence, wilful default, actual fraud or breach of its obligations under the 
Lease Agreement. 
Pursuant to the Lease Agreement, following the occurrence of a Partial Loss Event, the Lessee will promptly give 
notice thereof (such notice, being a Partial Loss Event Notice) to the Lessor and the Delegate providing: 
(a) 
the date of the occurrence of the Partial Loss Event (the Partial Loss Event Date); and 
(b) 
details together with proper evidence of the occurrence of the Partial Loss Event and the deprivation of 
benefit from the Lease Assets as a result thereof, including, without limitation, the certificate obtained 
from a recognised industry expert certifying the occurrence of such Partial Loss Event. 
By no later than the 30th day after the Partial Loss Event Date, the Lessee may request a proportionate reduction 
in Rental by way of reimbursement of the Rental applicable to the period from and including the Partial Loss 
Event Date to but excluding the earlier of: (a) the relevant Replacement Date; and (b) the 61st day after the Partial 
Loss Event Date, to take into account the loss and/or impairment suffered by the Lessee in relation to the impaired 
Lease Assets (the Rental Reimbursement Amount), provided that the Partial Loss Event relating to such 
impaired Lease Assets has not arisen as a result of the Lessee’s negligence or misconduct (such request, being a 
Rental Reimbursement Request). If a Rental Reimbursement Request is made in accordance with this 
paragraph, the Lessor shall procure the payment of the Rental Reimbursement Amount by the Service Agent (on 
its behalf) to the Lessee from only:  
(a) 
the proceeds of any insurances paid in accordance with the terms of the Service Agency Agreement and 
standing to the credit of the Collection Account; and/or  
(b) 
(to the extent the proceeds of such insurances (if any) are insufficient) any Loss Shortfall Amount paid 
in accordance with the terms of the Service Agency Agreement and as described below,  
on the 61st day after the Partial Loss Event Date. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Lessee does not make a Rental 
Reimbursement Request on or prior to the 30th day after the Partial Loss Event Date, or it expressly waives such 
right, it shall be not be entitled to exercise such right thereafter. Furthermore, for the avoidance of doubt if, 
following the occurrence of a Partial Loss Event, the Lease is not terminated in accordance with the Lease 
Agreement, and whether or not a Rental Reimbursement Request is made, the terms of the Supplemental Lease 
Agreement and the Lease, including the amount of Rental payable by the Lessee, shall continue on the same terms 
which applied prior to the occurrence of the Partial Loss Event. 
The Lessee will undertake in the Lease Agreement, in relation to each Series, that it shall maintain actual or 
constructive possession, custody or control of all of the Lease Assets from the date of the Lease Agreement until 
the satisfaction in full of all of its obligations (acting in any capacity) under the Transaction Documents to which 
it is a party. 
The Lessee will agree in the Lease Agreement to be responsible, at its own cost and expense, for the performance 
of all ordinary maintenance and repair required for any Lease Asset. The Lessor shall, at its own cost and expense, 
be responsible for the performance of all major maintenance and structural repair and insuring the Lease Assets 
in accordance with, and subject to, the terms of the Service Agency Agreement. The Lessee will acknowledge in 
the Lease Agreement that the Lessor may procure that the Service Agent, in accordance with the terms and 
conditions set out in the Service Agency Agreement, shall perform, or shall procure the performance of, the major 
maintenance and structural repair and the insurance of the Lease Assets, on behalf of the Lessor. 
The Lease Agreement will provide that the Lessee shall pay: 
(a) 
each Rental (less any initial supplementary rental, supplementary rental and/or additional supplementary 
rental) by no later than the Payment Business Day immediately preceding the relevant rental payment 
date (corresponding to the relevant Periodic Distribution Date);  
(b) 
the initial supplementary rental (corresponding to the relevant All Expenses Reserve Amount payable by 
the Lessor to the Service Agent pursuant to the Service Agency Agreement) on the Issue Date; 
(c) 
any supplementary rental (corresponding to the relevant service charge amount in replenishment of the 
All Expenses Reserve Amount payable by the Lessor to the Service Agent pursuant to the Service

--- Page 198 ---
186 
 
 
Agency Agreement) on the first business day of the rental period commencing immediately after the 
services invoice date; and 
(d) 
any additional supplementary rental (corresponding to the relevant additional service agency expenses 
payable by the Lessor to the Service Agent pursuant to the Service Agency Agreement) on the first 
business day of the rental period commencing immediately after the Additional Service Agency Expense 
Request Date,  
in each case, by crediting such amounts to the Collection Account relating to the relevant Series and without any 
prior notice or demand. 
The Lessee will agree in the Lease Agreement that all payments by it under the Lease Agreement must be made 
in full in the Specified Currency and without set-off or counterclaim of any kind and without any withholding or 
deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law.  In the event there is any such 
withholding or deduction required by law in the Kingdom, the Lease Agreement provides for the payment by the 
Lessee of all additional amounts as will result in the receipt by the Lessor of the net amounts as would have been 
receivable by it if no such withholding or deduction had been made and, accordingly, the Lessee will undertake 
to pay to the Lessor or such other persons as the Lessor may direct such additional amounts forthwith upon demand 
and in the manner and the Specified Currency prescribed under the Lease Agreement. 
The Lessee will covenant and undertake in the Lease Agreement that its payment obligations under the Lease 
Agreement are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to Condition 6.7) unsecured obligations of the 
Lessee and shall at all times rank at least pari passu with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Lessee, save for such obligations mandatorily preferred by law.  
For these purposes, Rental means:  
(a) 
for the first rental period, an amount equal to the aggregate of: 
(i) 
the product of: 
(A) 
the rental rate (corresponding to the relevant Profit Rate) for such rental period; 
(B) 
the aggregate face amount of the Certificates then outstanding; and 
(C) 
the Day Count Fraction; plus 
(ii) 
(in the case of the Issue Date only) the initial supplementary rental; less 
(iii) 
if applicable, the Murabaha Instalment Profit Amount payable in respect of such Rental Period; 
and 
(b) 
for each rental period (other than the first rental period), an amount equal to the aggregate of: 
(i) 
the product of: 
(A) 
the rental rate (corresponding to the relevant Profit Rate) for such rental period; 
(B) 
the aggregate face amount of the Certificates then outstanding; and 
(C) 
the Day Count Fraction; plus 
(ii) 
the supplementary rental (if any); plus 
(iii) 
the additional supplementary rental (if any); less 
(iv) 
if applicable, the Murabaha Instalment Profit Amount payable in respect of such Rental Period. 
Service Agency Agreement 
The Service Agency Agreement will be entered into on 7 June 2022 between the Trustee (in its capacity as Lessor) 
and Dar Al-Arkan (in its capacity as Service Agent) and will be governed by English law. 
Pursuant to the Service Agency Agreement, the Service Agent will agree to undertake on behalf of the Lessor the 
services relating to the Lease Assets in respect of major maintenance and structural repair, effecting all appropriate 
insurances in respect of such Lease Assets, appointment of the Shari’a Adviser and and maintenance of the 
Tangible Asset Ratio.

--- Page 199 ---
187 
 
 
Pursuant to the Service Agency Agreement, the Service Agent will undertake to the Lessor that the Service Agent 
shall, wherever applicable, carry out all major maintenance and structural repair in respect of the Lease Assets on 
behalf of the Lessor and in so doing the Service Agent shall: 
(a) 
ensure that accurate and current records are kept of all major maintenance and structural repair activities; 
(b) 
conduct regular and proper inspection of the Lease Assets and ensure that major maintenance and 
structural repair is carried out with the proper quality of materials and workmanship; and 
(c) 
ensure that major maintenance and structural repair is carried out by qualified persons and in accordance 
with all applicable regulations and law, 
in each case, in accordance with good maintenance practice expected from a prudent person carrying on business 
and operations similar to that of the Service Agent on an arm’s length basis and in order to fully maintain the 
Value of the Lease Assets. 
The Service Agent will also undertake to the Lessor that in relation to the Lease Assets applicable to each Series: 
(a) 
subject always to paragraph (c) below, the Service Agent will (on behalf of the Lessor): 
(i) 
ensure that such Lease Assets, so long as any Certificates of the relevant Series are outstanding, 
are at all times properly insured to the extent consistent with general industry practice by prudent 
owners of similar assets, and accordingly, shall effect such insurances in respect of such Lease 
Assets through brokers and with such reputable insurance companies in good financial standing, 
and in addition against a Loss Event. The Service Agent undertakes to ensure that the insured 
amount relating to a Loss Event will, at all times, be at least equal to the Full Reinstatement 
Value; 
(ii) 
promptly make a claim in respect of each loss relating to such Lease Assets in accordance with 
the terms of the insurances; and 
(iii) 
ensure that in the event of a Loss Event occurring, all the insurance proceeds against a Loss 
Event are in an amount equal to the Full Reinstatement Value and are credited in the Specified 
Currency to the Collection Account by no later than the 60th day after the occurrence of the 
Loss Event and that the relevant insurer(s) will be directed accordingly; 
(b) 
if, by no later than the 59th day after the occurrence of a Loss Event and provided that, in the case of a 
Partial Loss Event, a Partial Loss Termination Notice has not been delivered by the Lessee or the Lessee 
has expressly waived the right to deliver such Partial Loss Termination Notice, in each case pursuant to 
the Lease Agreement, the Service Agent receives notice from Dar Al-Arkan of the availability of 
replacement Eligible Assets (i) that are free and clear from all encumbrances, (ii) that are capable of 
being leased by the Lessee pursuant to the terms of the Lease Agreement, and (iii) the aggregate Value 
as at the date of replacement (the Replacement Date) of which is not less than the aggregate Value of 
the replaced Lease Assets, the Service Agent shall notify the Trustee of the same. Immediately following 
such notice, the Trustee may, pursuant to and on the terms of a separate purchase agreement substantially 
in the form, mutatis mutandis, of a Supplemental Purchase Agreement, purchase from Dar Al-Arkan (or 
any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) all of its rights, title, interest, benefits and entitlements in to and under 
the replacement Lease Assets at a purchase price to be paid using the insurance proceeds (or the 
assignment of the rights to such proceeds) to or to the order of Dar Al-Arkan (or the relevant Restricted 
Subsidiary); 
(c) 
wherever the Service Agent procures insurances in accordance with the terms of the Service Agency 
Agreement (including the renewal of any insurances in existence on the lease commencement date 
corresponding to the Issue Date), it shall (i) use its reasonable endeavours to obtain such insurances on a 
takaful basis if such takaful insurance is available on commercially viable terms; or (ii) if no such takaful 
insurance is available on commercially viable terms, procure conventional insurance; and 
(d) 
if at any time and for any reason, the Service Agent is not in compliance with its insurance obligations 
set out it in paragraph (a)(i) above, it shall immediately deliver written notice to the Trustee and the 
Delegate of such non-compliance and the details thereof.

--- Page 200 ---
188 
 
 
The delivery of the notice referred to in paragraph (d) above to the Trustee and/or the Delegate in relation to non-
compliance with its insurance obligations set out it in paragraph (a)(i) above shall constitute a Dar Al-Arkan 
Event. 
If, following the occurrence of a Loss Event;  
(a) 
the notice referred to in paragraph (d) above has not been delivered by the Service Agent to the Trustee 
and the Delegate prior to the occurrence of such Loss Event; 
(b) 
the Lease Assets have not been replaced in accordance with paragraph (b) above; and 
(c) 
the amount (if any) credited to the Collection Account pursuant to paragraph (a)(iii) above is less than 
the Full Reinstatement Value (the difference between the Full Reinstatement Value and the amount 
credited to the Collection Account being the Loss Shortfall Amount),  
the Service Agent undertakes to (i) transfer the amounts (if any) credited to the Collection Account in accordance 
with paragraph (a)(iii) above; and (ii) pay directly (in same day, freely transferable, cleared funds) the Loss 
Shortfall Amount, in each case to the Transaction Account by no later than close of business in London on the 
61st day following the occurrence of a Loss Event. Subject to transferring such amounts (if any) credited to the 
Collection Account in accordance with paragraph (a)(iii) and/or paying such Loss Shortfall Amount in accordance 
with this paragraph, there will be no further claim against the Service Agent for failing to comply with its insurance 
obligations pursuant to the terms of the Service Agency Agreement. 
In relation to each Series, the Service Agent shall also ensure at all times from the Issue Date of such Series the 
appointment of a Shari’a Adviser to monitor the compliance by Dar Al-Arkan (acting in any capacity) with the 
terms of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party. 
In addition, the Service Agent will also be responsible for maintaining a Collection Account in relation to each 
Series. The Service Agency Agreement will provide that, on the Payment Business Day immediately preceding 
each Periodic Distribution Date, amounts standing to the credit of the Collection Account relating to each Series 
(other than any amounts of initial supplementary rental and/or supplementary rental) will be applied by the Service 
Agent on behalf of the Trustee, by paying an amount equal to the Required Amount directly into the Transaction 
Account. The Service Agent shall be entitled pursuant to the Service Agency Agreement to deduct amounts 
standing to the credit of the Collection Account (other than initial supplementary rental, supplemental rental and/or 
any insurance proceeds referred to above) relating to each Series at any time during the lease term and use such 
amounts for its own account, provided that it shall immediately re-credit all such amounts to the Collection 
Account:  
(a) 
on the Payment Business Day immediately preceding a Periodic Distribution Date, if so required to fund 
a shortfall between the (i) the amount standing to the credit of the Transaction Account (after the 
application of amounts standing to the credit of the Collection Account pursuant to the Service Agency 
Agreement); and (ii) the Required Amount payable on such Periodic Distribution Date; or 
(b) 
upon the occurrence of a Dissolution Event, a Potential Dissolution Event, a Change of Control, a 
Tangibility Event or a Loss Event. 
In consideration of the Service Agent acting as agent of the Lessor in relation to each lease, the Service Agent 
shall receive a fee of U.S.$100, payable on the date of the Service Agency Agreement (the receipt and adequacy 
of which the Service Agent will acknowledge in the Service Agency Agreement). In relation to each Series, as an 
advance payment to the Service Agent for service charge amounts to be paid or incurred by it in respect of the 
services to be performed in relation to the Lease Assets, the Lessor shall procure that an amount equal to a pre-
agreed reserve amount (the All Expenses Reserve Amount) is credited to the Collection Account on the Issue 
Date of such Series and is replenished in accordance with the Service Agency Agreement and as described below. 
Notwithstanding any other provision in the Service Agency Agreement, the Service Agent shall not incur or pay 
any liability in any rental period in respect of the services to be performed in relation to the Lease Assets which, 
individually or in the aggregate, would exceed the All Expenses Reserve Amount (the amount by which such 
liability exceeds the All Expenses Reserve Amount, being the additional service agency expenses) unless:

--- Page 201 ---
189 
 
 
(a) 
a notice requesting such incurrence or payment of additional service agency expenses has been submitted 
by the Service Agent to the Lessor in accordance with the paragraph below; and 
(b) 
following such request, the Lessee has agreed to pay to the Lessor an amount of additional supplementary 
rental equal to such additional service agency expenses on the first business day of the rental period 
commencing immediately after the Additional Service Agency Expense Request Date in accordance with 
the relevant Lease Agreement.  
If, during any rental period, the Service Agent incurs or pays such liability without first satisfying the conditions 
in (a) and (b) above, then it shall be deemed to have unconditionally agreed to satisfy, donate and pay all such 
liabilities from its own account and the Lessor shall have no responsibility whatsoever in connection with such 
liability. 
Pursuant to the Service Agency Agreement, the Service Agent will submit to the Lessor or its agent the invoice 
or receipt for (or other evidence of payment or incurrence of) each liability comprising the service charge amount, 
as soon as practicable after the payment or incurrence thereof and, in any case, an invoice or receipt consolidating 
(or other evidence of payment or incurrence of) all liabilities comprising the service charge amount paid or 
incurred during a rental period on the fifth business day preceding the immediately following rental payment date 
(the services invoice date). In addition, the Service Agent will submit to the Lessor or its agent a notice in writing 
requesting the Lessor's approval of the Service Agent incurring or paying any proposed liability comprising an 
additional service agency expense prior to incurring or paying such proposed liability. Subject to the terms of the 
relevant Lease Agreement and the paragraph above: 
(a) 
the Lessor will procure that an amount equal to the service charge amount notified to it in accordance 
with the above paragraph is credited to the Collection Account on the first business day of the rental 
period commencing immediately after the services invoice date; and 
(b) 
the Lessor will procure the reimbursement of the Service Agent for each additional service agency 
expense approved in accordance with the paragraph above by crediting such amount to the Collection 
Account on the first business day of the rental period commencing immediately after the Additional 
Service Agency Expense Request Date or, if the relevant lease is terminated prior to such date, on the 
date of termination of such lease. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no replenishment of the Collection Amount in an amount equal to the relevant service 
charge amount shall be made unless the Service Agent evidences the payment or incurrence of each liability 
comprising such service charge amount in accordance with the Service Agency Agreement. 
The Service Agent will agree in the Service Agency Agreement that all payments by it under the Service Agency 
Agreement must be made in full in the Specified Currency and without set-off or counterclaim of any kind and 
without any withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law.  In the event 
there is any such withholding or deduction required by law in the Kingdom, the Service Agency Agreement 
provides for the payment by the Service Agent of all additional amounts as will result in the receipt by the Lessor 
of the net amounts as would have been receivable by it if no such withholding or deduction had been made and, 
accordingly, the Service Agent will undertake to pay to the Lessor or such other persons as the Lessor may direct 
such additional amounts forthwith upon demand and in the manner and the Specified Currency prescribed under 
the Service Agency Agreement. 
The Service Agent will covenant and undertake in the Service Agency Agreement that its payment obligations 
under the Service Agency Agreement are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to Condition 6.7) 
unsecured obligations of the Service Agent and shall at all times rank pari passu with all other present and future 
unsecured obligations of the Service Agent, save for such obligations mandatorily preferred by law.  
For these purposes:  
Full Reinstatement Value means, in relation to each Series, an amount in the Specified Currency equal to the 
aggregate of:

--- Page 202 ---
190 
 
 
(a) 
in the case of a Total Loss Event:  
(i) 
the aggregate face amount of the Certificates then outstanding; plus 
(ii) 
an amount equal to all accrued and unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts (if any) relating to 
the Certificates; plus 
(iii) 
an amount equal to the Periodic Distribution Amounts relating to such Certificates, which would 
have accrued (had a Total Loss Event not occurred) during the period beginning on the date on 
which the Total Loss Event occurred and ending on, but excluding, the 61st day after the 
occurrence of the Total Loss Event; plus 
(iv) 
to the extent not previously satisfied in accordance with the Service Agency Agreement, an 
amount equal to any outstanding additional service agency expenses in respect of which the 
Lessee has agreed to make an appropriate corresponding additional supplementary rental 
payment but such additional supplementary rental payment has not been made in accordance 
with the Lease Agreement; plus 
(v) 
without double counting, an amount representing any amounts payable by the Trustee (in any 
capacity) under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party (including but not limited to 
amounts due but unpaid to the Delegate pursuant to Condition 4.2(a)); plus 
(vi) 
without double counting, any other amounts payable on redemption of the Certificates as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
in the case of a Partial Loss Event: 
(i) 
the aggregate Value of the impaired Lease Assets; plus 
(ii) 
an amount equal to any Rental Reimbursement Amount payable to the Lessee in accordance 
with the Lease Agreement; and 
Value means, in relation to each Eligible Asset applicable to a Series, on any date, the amount in the Specified 
Currency determined by Dar Al-Arkan as being equal to the value of that Eligible Asset by reference to the 
valuation by Dar Al-Arkan on the basis of the market value or book value of such Eligible Asset on the date it 
was purchased or otherwise acquired by or on behalf of the Trustee as set out in the relevant Supplemental 
Purchase Agreement and/or Sale Agreement, as the case may be. 
Purchase Undertaking 
The Purchase Undertaking will be executed as a deed on 7 June 2022 by Dar Al-Arkan (in its capacity as Obligor) 
in favour of the Trustee and the Delegate and will be governed by English law. 
Pursuant to the Purchase Undertaking, in relation to each Series, provided that no Total Loss Event has occurred 
and is continuing (or, if a Total Loss Event has occurred, the Lease Assets have been replaced in accordance with 
the Service Agency Agreement), the Obligor will irrevocably grant to the Trustee and the Delegate (for and on 
behalf of the Certificateholders) the following rights: 
(a) 
provided that a Dissolution Event has occurred and is continuing and the Delegate has received a 
Dissolution Notice in accordance with the Conditions, to require the Obligor to purchase on the 
Dissolution Event Redemption Date all of the Trustee's rights, title, interest, benefits and entitlements in, 
to and under the Lease Assets at the Exercise Price specified in the relevant exercise notice; 
(b) 
to require the Obligor on the Scheduled Dissolution Date to purchase all of the Trustee's rights, title, 
interest, benefits and entitlements in, to and under the Lease Assets at the Exercise Price specified in the 
relevant exercise notice; 
(c) 
provided that (i) Certificateholder Put Right is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms (and 
Early Dissolution (Trustee Call) is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms) and (ii) one 
or more Certificateholders have exercised the Certificateholder Put Right in accordance with the

--- Page 203 ---
191 
 
 
Conditions, to require the Obligor to purchase on the Certificateholder Put Right Date all of the Trustee’s 
rights, title, interest, benefits and entitlements in, to and under the Certificateholder Put Right Lease 
Assets at the Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price specified in the relevant exercise notice;  
(d) 
provided that (i) a Change of Control has occurred; and (ii) one or more Certificateholders have exercised 
the Change of Control Put Right in accordance with the Conditions, to require the Obligor to purchase 
on the Change of Control Put Right Date all of the Trustee’s rights, title, interest, benefits and 
entitlements in, to and under the Change of Control Put Right Lease Assets at the Change of Control Put 
Right Exercise Price specified in the relevant exercise notice; and 
(e) 
provided that (i) a Tangibility Event has occurred; and (ii) one or more Certificateholders have exercised 
the Tangibility Event Put Right in accordance with the Conditions, to require the Obligor to purchase on 
the Tangibility Event Put Right Date all of the Trustee’s rights, title, interest, benefits and entitlements 
in, to and under the Tangibility Event Put Right Lease Assets at the Tangibility Event Put Right Exercise 
Price specified in the relevant exercise notice, 
in each case, on an “as is” basis but free and clear from all encumbrances (without any warranty express or implied 
as to condition, fitness for purpose, suitability for use or otherwise and if any warranty is implied by law, it shall 
be excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law) and otherwise on the terms and subject to the conditions of the 
Purchase Undertaking. 
The Purchase Undertaking will provide that, pursuant to the exercise of any such rights, the Obligor will undertake 
to immediately purchase all of the Trustee's rights, title, interest, benefits and entitlements in, to and under the 
Lease Assets at the Exercise Price which shall be paid into the Transaction Account (in the Specified Currency 
by wire transfer for same day value): 
(a) 
(in the case of paragraph (a) above) on the Dissolution Event Redemption Date; 
(b) 
(in the case of paragraph (b) above) on the Payment Business Day immediately preceding the Scheduled 
Dissolution Date;  
(c) 
(in the case of paragraph (c) above) on the Payment Business Day immediately preceding the 
Certificateholder Put Right Date;  
(d) 
(in the case of paragraph (d) above) on the Payment Business Day immediately preceding the Change of 
Control Put Right Date; and 
(e) 
(in the case of paragraph (e) above) on the Payment Business Day immediately preceding the Tangibility 
Event Put Right Date. 
The Obligor will covenant and undertake in the Purchase Undertaking that: 
(a) 
if, at the time of delivery of the exercise notice in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase 
Undertaking, Dar Al-Arkan Real Estate Development Company remains in actual or constructive 
possession, custody or control of all or any part of the Lease Assets, the Certificateholder Put Right Lease 
Assets, the Change of Control Put Right Lease Assets or the Tangibility Event Put Right Lease Assets, 
as the case may be; and 
(b) 
if, following delivery of the exercise notice in accordance with the provision of the Purchase 
Undertaking, the relevant Exercise Price, Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price, Change of Control 
Put Right Exercise Price or Tangibility Event Put Right Exercise Price, as the case may be, is not paid in 
accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking for any reason whatsoever,  
the Obligor shall (as an independent, severable and separately enforceable obligation) fully indemnify the Trustee 
for the purpose of redemption in full of the Certificates then outstanding or the Certificateholder Put Right 
Certificates, the Change of Control Put Right Certificates or the Tangibility Event Put Right Certificates, as the 
case may be, and, accordingly, the amount payable under any such indemnity claim will equal the Exercise Price, 
the Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price, the Change of Control Put Right Exercise Price or the Tangibility 
Event Put Right Exercise Price, as the case may be. Payment of an amount equal to the relevant Exercise Price, 
Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price, Change of Control Put Right Exercise Price or Tangibility Event Put

--- Page 204 ---
192 
 
 
Right Exercise Price, as the case may be, into the Transaction Account in accordance with the Purchase 
Undertaking shall evidence the acceptance of the exercise notice by the Obligor delivered in accordance with the 
provisions of the Purchase Undertaking and the conclusion of the transfer of the Trustee's rights, title, interest, 
benefits and entitlements in, to and under the Lease Assets, the Certificateholder Put Right Lease Assets, the 
Change of Control Put Right Lease Assets or the Tangibility Event Put Right Lease Assets, as the case may be, 
to the Obligor. 
The Obligor will agree in the Purchase Undertaking that all payments by it under the Purchase Undertaking must 
be made in full in the Specified Currency and without set-off or counterclaim of any kind and without any 
withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law.  In the event there is any 
such withholding or deduction required by law in the Kingdom, the Purchase Undertaking provides for the 
payment by the Obligor of all additional amounts as will result in the receipt by the Trustee of the net amounts as 
would have been receivable by it if no such withholding or deduction had been made and, accordingly, the Obligor 
will undertake to pay to the Trustee or such other persons as the Trustee may direct such additional amounts 
forthwith upon demand and in the manner and the Specified Currency prescribed under the Purchase Undertaking. 
The Obligor will covenant and undertake in the Purchase Undertaking that its payment obligations under the 
Purchase Undertaking are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 6.7) 
unsecured obligations of the Obligor and shall at all times rank pari passu with all other present and future 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Obligor, save for such obligations mandatorily preferred by law.  
For these purposes, Exercise Price means, in relation to each Series, an amount in the Specified Currency equal 
to the aggregate of: 
(a) 
the aggregate face amount of the Certificates then outstanding on the relevant Dissolution Date; plus 
(b) 
an amount equal to all accrued and unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts (if any) relating to the 
Certificates; plus 
(c) 
to the extent not previously satisfied in accordance with the Service Agency Agreement, an amount equal 
to any outstanding additional service agency expenses in respect of which the Lessee has agreed to make 
an appropriate corresponding additional supplementary rental payment but such additional 
supplementary rental payment has not been made in accordance with the Lease Agreement; plus 
(d) 
without double counting, an amount representing any amounts payable by the Trustee (in any capacity) 
under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party (including but not limited to amounts due but 
unpaid to the Delegate pursuant to Condition 4.2(a)); plus 
(e) 
without double counting, any other amounts payable on redemption of the Certificates as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; less 
(f) 
in the case of a Dissolution Event arising as a result of a Partial Loss Dissolution Event only, any 
insurance proceeds and/or any Loss Shortfall Amount paid in respect of a Partial Loss Event in 
accordance with the terms of the Service Agency Agreement and standing to the credit of the Transaction 
Account less any (i) Rental Reimbursement Amount; or (ii) other reimbursement or refund of Rental, in 
each case paid or payable in accordance with the terms of the Lease Agreement; less 
(g) 
the aggregate amounts of Deferred Sale Price then outstanding (if any) on the relevant Dissolution Date. 
Sale and Substitution Undertaking 
The Sale and Substitution Undertaking will be executed as a deed on 7 June 2022 by the Trustee in favour of Dar 
Al-Arkan and will be governed by English law. 
In relation to each Series, provided that no Total Loss Event has occurred and is continuing (or, if a Total Loss 
Event has occurred, the Assets have been replaced in accordance with the Service Agency Agreement), the Trustee 
will irrevocably grant to the Obligor the following rights: 
(a) 
provided that a Tax Event has occurred, to require the Trustee to sell, transfer and convey to Dar Al-
Arkan (or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) on the Early Tax Dissolution Date all of the Trustee’s rights,

--- Page 205 ---
193 
 
 
title, interest, benefits and entitlements in, to and under the Lease Assets at the Exercise Price specified 
in the relevant exercise notice; 
(b) 
provided that Early Dissolution (Trustee Call) is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
(and Certificateholder Put Right is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms), to require 
the Trustee to sell, transfer and convey to Dar Al-Arkan (or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) on the 
Early Dissolution Date (Trustee Call) all of the Trustee’s rights, title, interest, benefits and entitlements 
in, to and under the Lease Assets at the Exercise Price specified in the relevant exercise notice, provided 
that certain conditions set out in the Sale and Substitution Undertaking are satisfied; 
(c) 
if 75 per cent. or more of the aggregate face amount of Certificates then outstanding have been redeemed 
and/or purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 11 and/or Condition 14, as the case may be, to 
require the Trustee to sell, transfer and convey to Dar Al-Arkan (or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) on 
the Clean Up Dissolution Date all of the Trustee’s rights, title, interest, benefits and entitlements in, to 
and under the Lease Assets at the Exercise Price specified in the relevant exercise notice; 
(d) 
to require the Trustee to transfer, assign and convey to Dar Al-Arkan (or any of its Restricted 
Subsidiaries) on the Substitution Date all of the Trustee's rights, title, interest, benefits and entitlements 
in, to and under, the Substituted Lease Assets against the sale, transfer and conveyance to the Trustee of 
all of Dar Arkan's (or such Restricted Subsidiary's) rights, title, interest, benefits and entitlements in, to 
and under, the New Lease Assets, provided that certain conditions set out in the Sale and Substitution 
Undertaking are satisfied; 
(e) 
following delivery of the relevant Certificates to the Principal Paying Agent for cancellation pursuant to 
Condition 14.2, to require the Trustee to sell, transfer and convey to Dar Al-Arkan (or any of its 
Restricted Subsidiaries) on the cancellation date all of the Trustee’s rights, title, interest, benefits and 
entitlements in, to and under, the cancellation Lease Assets, provided that certain conditions set out in 
the Sale and Substitution Undertaking are satisfied, 
in each case, on an “as is” basis but free and clear from all encumbrances (without any warranty express or implied 
as to condition, fitness for purpose, suitability for use or otherwise and if any warranty is implied by law, it shall 
be excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law) and otherwise on the terms and subject to the conditions of the 
Sale and Substitution Undertaking. 
Master Murabaha Agreement 
The Master Murabaha Agreement will be entered into on 7 June 2022 between the Trustee (in its capacity as 
seller, the Seller), Dar Al-Arkan (in its capacity as buyer, the Buyer) and the Delegate and will be governed by 
English law. 
Pursuant to the Master Murabaha Agreement, and in connection with each relevant Series of Certificates, the 
Seller may enter into a Commodity Murabaha Investment with the Buyer using a portion of the issue proceeds of 
the relevant Series as specified in the applicable Final Terms (being no more than 45 per cent. of the aggregate 
face amount of the Certificates of that Series).  In accordance with the Master Murabaha Agreement, on receipt 
of a duly completed Notice of Request to Purchase from the Buyer, the Seller (acting through the commodity 
agent) may purchase the relevant Commodities on the relevant Issue Date from a commodity supplier on a spot 
basis at the relevant Commodity Purchase Price. 
Upon completion of the purchase of the Commodities by the Seller and the Seller gaining title thereto and (actual 
or constructive) possession thereof, the Seller may deliver to the Buyer a duly completed Offer Notice by no later 
than 1.00 p.m. (London time) (or such other time as may be agreed in writing by the Buyer and the Seller) on the 
relevant Issue Date.  
Provided that the Buyer has delivered a duly completed Notice of Request to Purchase in accordance with the 
terms of the Master Murabaha Agreement, the Buyer will irrevocably and unconditionally undertake to accept the 
terms of, countersign and deliver to the Seller any Offer Notice delivered to it in accordance with the Master 
Murabaha Agreement and (as a result of the Seller having acted on the request of the Buyer set out in the Notice 
of Request to Purchase) purchase from the Seller the relevant Commodities acquired by the Seller for the relevant 
Deferred Sale Price (to be paid in the Specified Currency and on the dates and in the amounts as specified in the 
Offer Notice), in each case by no later than 2.00 p.m. (London time) (or such other time as may be agreed between 
the Buyer and the Seller) on the relevant Issue Date.

--- Page 206 ---
194 
 
 
As soon as the Buyer has accepted the Seller’s offer by countersigning the relevant Offer Notice, a Murabaha 
Contract shall be created between the Seller and the Buyer upon the terms of the Offer Notice and incorporating 
the terms and conditions set out in the Master Murabaha Agreement, the Seller shall sell and the Buyer shall buy 
the relevant Commodities and ownership of and all risks in and to the relevant Commodities shall immediately 
pass to and be vested in the Buyer, together with all rights and obligations relating thereto. 
The Buyer will agree in the Master Murabaha Agreement that all payments by it under the Master Murabaha 
Agreement must be made in full in the Specified Currency and without set-off or counterclaim of any kind and 
without any withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
other governmental charges of whatever nature, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law.  In the 
event there is any such withholding or deduction required by law in the Kingdom, the Master Murabaha 
Agreement provides for the payment by the Buyer of all additional amounts as will result in the receipt by the 
Seller of such net amounts as would have been receivable by it if no such withholding or deduction had been made 
and, accordingly, the Buyer will undertake to pay to the Seller or such other persons as the Seller may direct such 
additional amounts forthwith upon demand and in the manner and the Specified Currency prescribed under the 
Master Murabaha Agreement. 
The Buyer will covenant and undertake in the Master Murabaha Agreement that its payment obligations under 
the Master Murabaha Agreement are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of 
Condition 6.7) unsecured obligations of the Obligor and shall at all times rank pari passu with all other present 
and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Obligor, save for such obligations mandatorily 
preferred by law. 
Trust Deed 
The Master Trust Deed will be entered into on 7 June 2022 between the Trustee, Dar Al-Arkan and the Delegate 
and will be governed by English law. A Supplemental Trust Deed between the same parties will be entered into 
on the Issue Date of each Series and will also be governed by English law. 
Upon issue of the Global Certificate initially representing any Series, the Master Trust Deed and the relevant 
Supplemental Trust Deed shall together constitute the Trust declared by the Trustee in relation to such Series. 
Each Trust Deed will specify that, on or after the relevant Scheduled Dissolution Date or, as the case may be, 
Dissolution Date of a Series, the rights of recourse in respect of the relevant Certificates shall be limited to the 
amounts from time to time available and comprising the Trust Assets of that Series, subject to the priority of 
payments set out in the Trust Deed, the relevant Certificates and the Conditions. The Certificateholders have no 
claim or recourse against Dar Al-Arkan Sukuk Company Ltd. in respect of any amount which is or remains 
unsatisfied and any unsatisfied amounts will be extinguished. 
Pursuant to each Trust Deed, the Trustee will, in relation to each Series, inter alia: 
(a) 
hold the relevant Trust Assets on trust absolutely for the relevant Certificateholders pro rata according 
to the face amount of Certificates held by each Certificateholder; and 
(b) 
act as trustee in respect of the relevant Trust Assets, distribute the income from the relevant Trust Assets 
and perform its duties in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Trust Deed. 
In the Master Trust Deed, the Trustee by way of security for the performance of all covenants, obligations and 
duties of the Trustee to the Certificateholders will irrevocably and unconditionally appoint the Delegate to be its 
attorney and in its name and on its behalf to execute, deliver and perfect all documents and to exercise all the 
present and future powers, authorities and discretions (including but not limited to the authority to request 
instructions from any Certificateholders and the power to sub-delegate and the power to make any determinations 
to be made under each Trust Deed) vested in the Trustee by each Trust Deed or any other Transaction Document 
that the Delegate may consider to be necessary or desirable in order upon the occurrence of a Dissolution Event 
or a Potential Dissolution Event, and subject to its being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its 
satisfaction to perform the present and future powers, authorities and discretions vested in the Trustee by the 
relevant provisions of each Trust Deed and any of the other Transaction Documents (provided that no obligations, 
duties, liabilities or covenants of the Trustee pursuant to the Master Trust Deed or any other Transaction Document 
will be imposed on the Delegate by virtue of such delegation). The appointment of such delegate by the Trustee 
is intended to be in the interests of the Certificateholders and will not affect the Trustee’s continuing role and 
obligations as trustee.

--- Page 207 ---
195 
 
 
The Master Trust Deed specifies, inter alia, that in relation to each Series: 
(a) 
following the distribution of the proceeds of the relevant Trust Assets to the relevant Certificateholders 
such that those Trust Assets have been exhausted in accordance with the Conditions and the Agency 
Agreement, no Certificateholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Trustee, the Delegate 
and/or Dar Al-Arkan in respect of such Trust Assets to enforce the performance of any of the provisions 
of the relevant Trust Deed or any other Transaction Document. In particular, no Certificateholder shall 
be entitled to take any action which could result in the winding-up of the Trustee; 
(b) 
no Certificateholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against, or to provide instructions to the Trustee 
to pursue any claim against, the Trustee and/or Dar Al-Arkan arising under the relevant Trust Assets or 
the relevant Certificates or to enforce the performance of any provisions of any of the Transaction 
Documents or for any other reason unless the Delegate having become bound so to proceed, (i) fails to 
do so within a reasonable period, or (ii) is unable by reason of an order of a court having competent 
jurisdiction to do so, and the failure or inability is continuing. Under no circumstances shall the Trustee, 
the Delegate or any Certificateholders have any right to cause the sale or other disposition of any of the 
relevant Trust Assets, except pursuant to the terms of the Transaction Documents or under the Conditions 
and the sole right of the Trustee, the Delegate and the Certificateholders against Dar Al-Arkan shall be 
to enforce their respective obligations under the Transaction Documents to which they are party; and 
(c) 
neither the Delegate nor the Trustee shall be bound in any circumstances to take any action in relation to 
any Trust Assets or any Dissolution Event or take any action or other steps under the Conditions or any 
Transaction Document unless: 
(i) 
the Delegate and/or the Trustee, as the case may be, is satisfied that it will be indemnified and/or 
secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction against all Liabilities which may be incurred in 
connection with such action or step and may demand prior to taking any such action that there 
be paid to it in advance such sums as it considers (without prejudice to any further demand) 
shall be sufficient so to indemnify it; and 
(ii) 
in the case of the Delegate only, directed or requested to do so by a Certificateholders’ Direction. 
Pursuant to the Master Trust Deed, Dar Al-Arkan will unconditionally and irrevocably undertake to (irrespective 
of the payment of any fee), as a continuing obligation, in the event that the Trustee fails to comply with any 
obligation to pay additional amounts pursuant to Condition 12, pay to or to the order of the Delegate (for the 
benefit of the Certificateholders) such net amounts as are necessary so that the amount receivable by the Delegate 
(after any withholding or deduction) equals any and all additional amounts, required to be paid by it in respect of 
the Certificates pursuant to Condition 12. 
Pursuant to the Master Trust Deed, Dar Al-Arkan will covenant and undertake to the Trustee that, in relation to 
any Series: 
(a) 
if, at the time of delivery of the exercise notice in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase 
Undertaking, Dar Al-Arkan Real Estate Development Company remains in actual or constructive 
possession, custody or control of all or any part of the Lease Assets, the Certificateholder Put Right Lease 
Assets, the Change of Control Put Right Lease Assets or the Tangibility Event Put Right Lease Assets, 
as the case may be; and 
(b) 
if, following delivery of the Exercise Notice in accordance with the provision of the Purchase 
Undertaking, the relevant Exercise Price, Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price, Change of Control 
Put Right Exercise Price or Tangibility Event Put Right Exercise Price, as the case may be, is not paid in 
accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking for any reason whatsoever,  
Dar Al-Arkan shall (as an independent, severable and separately enforceable obligation) fully indemnify the 
Trustee for the purpose of redemption in full of the Certificates then outstanding or the Certificateholder Put Right 
Certificates, the Change of Control Put Right Certificates or the Tangibility Event Put Right Certificates, as the 
case may be, and, accordingly, the amount payable under any such indemnity claim will equal the Exercise Price, 
the Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price, the Change of Control Put Right Exercise Price or the Tangibility 
Event Put Right Exercise Price, as the case may be.  
Dar Al-Arkan will further covenant and undertake to the Trustee that, in relation to any Series, if the outstanding 
Deferred Sale Price is not paid on the relevant Dissolution Date in accordance with the provisions of the Master

--- Page 208 ---
196 
 
 
Murabaha Agreement for any reason whatsoever, Dar Al-Arkan shall (as an independent, severable and separately 
enforceable obligation) fully indemnify the Trustee for the purpose of redemption of the outstanding Certificates 
of such Series and, accordingly, the amount payable under any such indemnity claim will equal the outstanding 
Deferred Sale Price. 
Agency Agreement 
The Agency Agreement will be entered into on 7 June 2022 between the Trustee, Dar Al-Arkan, the Delegate and 
the agents named therein and will be governed by English law.  The Agency Agreement will govern the 
arrangements between the Trustee and the agents named therein for the issuance of Certificates and the making 
of payments in respect thereof.   
Shari'a Compliance 
Each Transaction Document provides that each of Dar Al-Arkan Sukuk Company Ltd. and Dar Al-Arkan Real 
Estate Development Company agrees that it has accepted the Shari'a compliant nature of the Transaction 
Documents to which it is a party and, to the extent permitted by law, further agrees that: 
(a) 
it shall not claim that any of its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party (or 
any provision thereof) is ultra vires or not compliant with the principles of Shari'a; 
(b) 
it shall not take any steps or bring any proceedings in any forum to challenge the Shari'a compliance of 
the Transaction Documents to which it is a party; and 
(c) 
none of its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party shall in any way be 
diminished, abrogated, impaired, invalidated or otherwise adversely affected by any finding, declaration, 
pronouncement, order or judgment of any court, tribunal or other body that the Transaction Documents 
to which is a party are not compliant with the principles of Shari'a.

--- Page 209 ---
197 
 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain tax and zakat considerations relating to Certificates issued under 
the Programme. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax and zakat considerations relating to the 
Certificates. Prospective purchasers of any Certificates should consult their tax and zakat advisers as to the 
consequences under the tax and zakat laws of the country of which they are resident for tax and zakat purposes 
of acquiring, holding and disposing of the relevant Certificates and receiving payments under those Certificates. 
This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change 
in law that may take effect after such date. 
Cayman Islands 
The following is a discussion on certain Cayman Islands income tax consequences of an investment in Certificates 
to be issued under the Programme. The discussion is a general summary of present law, which is subject to 
prospective and retroactive change. It is not intended as tax advice, does not consider any investor’s particular 
circumstances and does not consider tax consequences other than those arising under Cayman Islands law. 
Under existing Cayman Islands laws payments on Certificates to be issued under the Programme will not be 
subject to taxation in the Cayman Islands and no withholding will be required on the payments to any holder of 
Certificates nor will gains derived from the disposal of Certificates be subject to Cayman Islands income or 
corporation tax. The Cayman Islands currently have no income, corporation or capital gains tax and no estate 
duty, inheritance or gift tax. On 23 April 2012, the Trustee received an undertaking from the Governor in Cabinet 
of the Cayman Islands, pursuant to the Tax Concessions Law (2011 Revision) of the Cayman Islands, that for a 
period of 20 years from the date of grant of that undertaking no law which is enacted in the Cayman Islands 
imposing any tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciation shall apply to the Trustee or its operations 
and, in addition, that no tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations or which is in the nature of 
estate duty or inheritance tax shall be payable on or in respect of the shares, debentures or other obligations (which 
includes the Certificates) of the Trustee or by way of the withholding in whole or part of any relevant payment as 
defined in the Tax Concessions Act (As Revised). 
Subject as set out below, no capital or stamp duties are levied in the Cayman Islands on the issue, transfer or 
redemption of Certificates. An instrument transferring title to any Certificates, if brought to or executed in the 
Cayman Islands, would be subject to Cayman Islands stamp duty. An annual registration fee is payable by the 
Trustee to the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies which is calculated by reference to the nominal amount of 
its authorised capital. At current rates, this annual registration fee is approximately U.S.$854. The foregoing is 
based on current law and practice in the Cayman Islands and this is subject to change therein. 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
The following is a general description of certain tax and zakat considerations relating to Certificates issued under 
the Programme. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax and zakat considerations relating to the 
Certificates. The summary below is not intended as tax or zakat advice, does not consider any investor’s particular 
circumstances and does not consider tax or zakat consequences other than those arising under the laws and 
regulations of the Kingdom. Prospective purchasers of any Certificates should consult their tax and zakat advisers 
(if applicable) as to the consequences under the tax and zakat laws (if applicable) of the country of which they 
are resident for tax purposes of acquiring, holding and disposing of the relevant Certificates and receiving 
payments under those Certificates. This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base 
Prospectus and is subject to any prospective or retrospective change in law that may take effect after such date. 
Overview of Saudi Tax law and Zakat regulations 
Income Tax 
According to Royal Decree No. M/1 dated 15/1/1425H (corresponding to 6/3/2004G) and its implementing 
regulations issued under Ministerial Resolution No. 1535 dated 11/6/1425H (corresponding to 11/08/2004G), as 
amended from time to time (the Income Tax Law), a resident company in the Kingdom with foreign (i.e. non-
GCC) ownership (on its foreign partner's (shareholder’s) share) and a non-resident who carries out business in the 
Kingdom through a Permanent Establishment (as defined below, other than a Permanent Establishment of GCC 
persons that meets the conditions set out under Article 2(4) of the Zakat Regulations (as defined below)) is subject 
to corporate income tax in the Kingdom at the rate of 20 per cent. (if not engaged in oil and hydrocarbon production 
activities, see below). Resident companies wholly owned by GCC persons (in addition to persons subject to Zakat 
listed below under the section entitled “Zakat”) are subject to Zakat instead of corporate income tax. Resident

--- Page 210 ---
198 
 
 
companies owned jointly by GCC and non-GCC persons are subject to corporate income tax in respect of the 
share of their taxable profit attributable to the ownership (legal or beneficial) percentage held by non-GCC persons 
and Zakat on the ownership (legal or beneficial) percentage held by GCC persons. 
Shares held directly by GCC persons or via other GCC companies (where the shareholding structure does not fall 
outside the GCC) in a resident company are subject to Zakat and not income tax. In determining the tax/Zakat 
profile of a Saudi tax/Zakat resident company, the Zakat, Tax and Customs Authority (ZATCA) applies a “look-
through” approach to determine whether the up-stream shareholding structure at any point exists outside of the 
GCC (i.e. at the ultimate shareholder level). 
Saudi resident entities operating in the oil and hydrocarbon production sector are subject to corporate income tax 
irrespective of the nationality of their shareholders/owners. According to the Income Tax Law, the tax rates 
applicable to such entities range from 50 per cent. to 85 per cent. depending on the level of total capital investment 
of the relevant entity: 
• 
entities with capital investment of more than SAR 375 billion (U.S.$100 billion) are subject to 50 per cent. 
corporate income tax; 
• 
entities with capital investment between SAR 300 billion (U.S.$80 billion) and SAR 375 billion (U.S.$100 
billion) are subject to 65 per cent. corporate income tax; 
• 
entities with capital investment between SAR 225 billion (U.S.$60 billion) and SAR 300 billion (U.S.$80 
billion) are subject to 75 per cent. corporate income tax; and 
• 
entities with capital investment of less than SAR 225 billion (U.S.$60 billion) are subject to 85 per cent. 
corporate income tax. 
Royal Decree No. M/13, dated 18/1/1441H (corresponding to 17/9/2019G), Council of Ministers Resolution No. 
54, dated 18/1/1441H (corresponding to 17/9/2019G) and Ministerial Resolution issued by the Ministry of Finance 
No. 559, dated 10/2/1441H (corresponding to 9/10/2019G) provide that the tax rate applicable to the downstream 
activities (as is expected to be defined by ZATCA in collaboration with the Ministry of Energy) of certain tax 
payers undertaking domestic oil and hydrocarbon production activities will be the general corporate tax rate of 20 
per cent. for a five-year period beginning on 1 January 2020, provided that the relevant taxpayer separates its 
downstream activities (from the oil and other hydrocarbon production activities) into an independent legal entity 
before 31 December 2024. If the taxpayer does not comply in separating its downstream activities from the oil 
and other hydrocarbon production activities by 31 December 2024, income from downstream activities will be 
taxed retroactively on an annual basis for such five-year period in accordance with the multi-tiered tax rates 
applicable to domestic oil and hydrocarbon production companies. In such case, the taxpayer will be required to 
pay the difference in taxes due to the Government. 
In addition, effective 1 January 2018, a 20 per cent. corporate income tax rate applies to companies engaged in 
natural gas investment activities (previously 30 per cent.). Companies involved in both oil and hydrocarbon 
production activities as well as natural gas investment activities are required to prepare tax computation for each 
activity separately. 
Furthermore, according to amendments to the Income Tax Law, effective 1 January 2017, ownership by 
companies engaged in oil and hydrocarbon production activities in Saudi Arabian entities that are not carrying out 
oil and hydrocarbons production activities should generally be subject to corporate income tax at 20 per cent. (at 
the level of the investee/subsidiary). Additionally, by Royal Decree No. M/153 dated 05/11/1441H (corresponding 
to 26/6/2020G), the Income Tax Law was further amended to provide that companies listed on Tadawul are not 
subject to corporate income tax with respect to shares owned (directly or indirectly) by companies engaged in oil 
and hydrocarbon activities and instead are subject to Zakat, including their indirect interest in those companies (at 
the level of the investee/subsidiary of such listed companies). 
Non-GCC natural persons resident in the Kingdom who are not performing commercial activities in the Kingdom 
(as defined in Chapter 1—Article 1 of the Income Tax Law, and Chapter 1—Article 1 of the Zakat Regulations) 
are not currently subject to income tax or Zakat in the Kingdom according to existing practices of ZATCA (as 
compliance/administration of Income Tax Law is not currently enforced by ZATCA on individuals). 
Zakat 
Zakat is a religious obligation imposed on Muslims under Shari'a to pay a fixed percentage of their wealth for the 
relief of poverty. The Zakat implementing regulations of the Kingdom were issued by Ministerial Resolution No. 
2082, dated 28 February 2017 (the Old Zakat Regulations). The Old Zakat Regulations are effective from the

--- Page 211 ---
199 
 
 
date of their issuance and supersede all prior directives, resolutions, instructions and circulars issued by ZATCA. 
Furthermore, the Ministry of Finance has issued new Zakat implementing regulations under Ministerial Resolution 
No. 2216 dated 7/7/1440H (corresponding to 14/3/2019G) (the Zakat Regulations). The Zakat Regulations are 
effective (and replace the Old Zakat Regulations) as at 1 January 2019. 
The rules governing the calculation of Zakat are complex. Separate rules are applicable for the calculation of 
Zakat by Zakat payers who are engaged in the Kingdom in financing activities (licensed by the Kingdom’s Central 
Bank) and Zakat payers who are engaged in the Kingdom in non-financing activities. This section broadly covers 
the Zakat consequences of an investment in Certificates by the investors who are engaged in non-financing 
activities in the Kingdom. 
According to the Zakat Regulations, Zakat is assessed on/applicable to: 
 
GCC persons resident in the Kingdom; 
 
resident companies wholly owned by GCC persons and on the ownership (legal or beneficial) percentage 
held by GCC persons with respect to a resident company jointly owned by GCC and non-GCC persons; 
 
GCC persons carrying out activities in the Kingdom through a Permanent Establishment for Zakat purposes 
as defined under Chapter 1—Article 2(4) of the Zakat Regulations (except for non-resident GCC persons 
who do not meet certain conditions, as mentioned below, in which case they would be subject to corporate 
income tax); and 
 
resident companies listed on a financial market in the Kingdom, on the shares held by GCC persons and 
non-GCC persons (except for ownership by founder shareholders and those considered founder 
shareholders based on the articles of association or other legal documents), and on the shares held by 
government entities. 
Notwithstanding the above, Zakat is not assessed/applicable to: 
(a) 
resident companies operating in the oil and hydrocarbon production sector; and  
(b) 
any entity (or Zakat payer) for which ZATCA (or the Ministry of Finance) issues a decision to exempt 
from Zakat. 
Based on exclusion (a) set forth above, resident companies operating in the oil and hydrocarbon production sector 
should continue to be subject to corporate income tax (and not Zakat). 
For completeness, as per the Zakat Regulations, a Permanent Establishment of GCC persons in the Kingdom is 
subject to Zakat, provided that at least two of the following three conditions are met in respect of the central 
management of such Permanent Establishment (as set out under Chapter 1—Article 2(4)): 
(a) 
board of directors’ ordinary meetings which are held regularly and where main policies and decisions 
relating to management and running of the Permanent Establishment's business are held in and made from 
the Kingdom; 
(b) 
senior executive decisions relating to the Permanent Establishment’s functions such as executive 
directors'/deputies' decisions are made in the Kingdom; and  
(c) 
the GCC person's business is mainly (i.e., 50 per cent. of its revenues) generated from the Kingdom. 
There are certain rules that apply to the method of calculating the Zakat liability. In general, Zakat on Zakat payers 
engaged in non-financing activities is currently levied on the higher of the adjusted Zakatable profits or the Zakat 
base (following a Hijri year) which, in general, comprises equity, loans and credit balances (subject to certain 
conditions), provisions and adjusted net profit or loss for Zakat purposes, reduced by, among other items, certain 
deductible long-term investments and fixed assets. The Zakat rate on the Zakat base is approximately 2.578 per 
cent. if a Zakat payer is following the Gregorian financial year and 2.5 per cent. if a Zakat payer is following a 
Hirji financial year. The Zakat rate on Zakatable profit is 2.5 per cent. regardless of the financial year (Gregorian 
or Hijri) followed by the Zakat payer. 
GCC individuals resident in the Kingdom for tax/Zakat purposes should, in principle, be subject to Zakat in the 
Kingdom if they carry out activities in the Kingdom.

--- Page 212 ---
200 
 
 
Withholding Tax 
Saudi Arabian resident persons and permanent establishments of non-resident entities registered in the Kingdom 
are required to withhold taxes on payments to non-residents, including GCC residents, if such payment is from a 
source in the Kingdom. Saudi Arabian withholding tax (WHT) rates vary from 5 per cent. to 20 per cent. 
depending on the nature of the underlying payment. Rental charges and loan fee (akin to interest) charges paid to 
non-residents attract a 5 per cent. withholding tax unless such WHT is reduced or eliminated pursuant to the terms 
of an applicable double tax treaty (see below). WHT is imposed on payments against services and not the sale of 
goods. Services are defined to mean anything done for consideration other than the purchase and sale of goods 
and other property. Payments of Rental and Murabaha Instalment Profit Amount (which are typically treated by 
ZATCA under financing arrangements similar to interest payments for tax purpose) to be made by Dar Al-Arkan 
to the Trustee should also generally be treated as interest payments for the Kingdom’s tax purposes and attract 5 
per cent. WHT. 
WHT is reduced or eliminated pursuant to the provisions of an applicable double tax treaty signed between a non-
resident’s country of tax residence and the Kingdom. Application of double tax treaties in the Kingdom may take 
place under one of two methods: (i) a refund mechanism which requires the payor to subject the relevant payment 
to WHT and then a refund request of the WHT may be submitted to ZATCA; or (ii) the automatic application of 
double tax treaties which provides for the possibility of the payor to not subject the relevant payment to WHT in 
the first place. Both mechanisms require the beneficiary/recipient to provide certain documents and forms to 
ZATCA (such as a tax residency certificate). 
No WHT should arise on the payments from the Trustee to the Certificateholders on the basis that the Trustee is 
not a resident, and does not have a Permanent Establishment, in the Kingdom for tax purposes. 
Certain Tax and Zakat implications for Certificateholders 
GCC Certificateholders who are resident in the Kingdom 
Certificateholders who are GCC persons and resident in the Kingdom for tax purposes (as defined in Chapter 2 – 
Article 3 of the Income Tax Law) are not subject to any Saudi Arabian income tax, whether by way of WHT or 
direct assessment, in respect of any profit payment received or gain realised in respect of the Certificates. 
However, such Certificateholders will be subject to Zakat in respect of any profit payment received or gain realised 
in respect of the Certificates (to the extent that they are legal entities registered for Zakat purposes in the Kingdom 
and not natural persons), including capital gains on the sale/transfer of Certificates. Additionally, the deduction 
of an investment in the Certificates from the Zakat base of such Certificateholders is not permitted, as stipulated 
under Chapter 2 – Article 5 of the Zakat Regulations and per the current practices of ZATCA (other than for 
financing companies in the Kingdom, for which different Zakat rules apply). 
GCC individuals resident in the Kingdom for tax purposes should, in principle, be subject to Zakat in the Kingdom 
if they carry out activities in the Kingdom; however, Zakat compliance/administration is not currently enforced 
by ZATCA for such individuals (unless they carry out such activities through establishments). 
Non-GCC Certificateholders who are resident in the Kingdom 
Certificateholders who are non-GCC legal entities and resident in the Kingdom for tax purposes (as defined in 
Chapter 2 – Article 3 of the Income Tax Law) should be subject to the Kingdom's corporate income tax at the rate 
of 20 per cent. (assuming they are owned by non-GCC persons and not listed on a financial market in the 
Kingdom) on any profit payment received or gain realised in respect of the Certificates, but they will not be subject 
to any Zakat. 
The considerations described above also apply to Saudi Arabian companies wholly owned by non-GCC persons 
(which should be subject to the Kingdom’s corporate income tax) and on the income attributable to the ownership 
of non-GCC persons in Saudi Arabian companies (which should be subject to the Kingdom’s corporate income 
tax on the profits attributable to such non-GCC ownership).  
Certificateholders who are non-GCC individuals and resident in the Kingdom and not performing commercial 
activities in the Kingdom (as defined in Chapter 2 – Article 2 of the Income Tax Law) are not currently subject to 
Saudi Arabian income tax or Zakat on any profit received or gain realised in respect of the Certificates, according 
to existing practices of ZATCA (as compliance/administration of Income Tax Law is not currently enforced by 
ZATCA on such individuals).

--- Page 213 ---
201 
 
 
Certificateholders who are not resident in the Kingdom 
Certificateholders, either natural persons or legal entities, who are not resident in the Kingdom (whether such 
Certificateholders are GCC nationals or non-GCC nationals (including Certificateholders resident in GCC 
countries other than the Kingdom)) and do not have a Permanent Establishment in the Kingdom for tax and Zakat 
purposes, should not be subject to Saudi Arabian WHT on any payments received by them in respect of the 
Certificates, on the basis that such payments are paid by the Trustee which is not a resident in the Kingdom for 
tax purposes. 
Non-resident entities having a Permanent Establishment in the Kingdom are subject to Saudi Arabian corporate 
income tax at the rate of 20 per cent. in respect of any profit payments received or gain realised in respect of the 
Certificates and attributable to such Permanent Establishment, but will not be subject to Zakat (unless they are 
GCC persons with a Permanent Establishment in the Kingdom that meet the conditions set out under Chapter 1—
Article 2(4) of the Zakat Regulations). 
Indirect and Transfer Taxes 
There are no transfer taxes currently applicable in the Kingdom (other than the newly introduced rules for real 
estate transaction/transfer taxes). 
The Kingdom has introduced VAT with an effective date of 1 January 2018 pursuant to ratifying the GCC VAT 
agreement between the GCC member states. The VAT legislation in the Kingdom exempts certain financial 
services (including interest for financing, which would include financing in the form of Certificates) from VAT. 
Definitions 
For the purposes of this summary: 
(a) 
A GCC person means: (i) a natural person having the nationality of any of the GCC countries; and (ii) 
any legal entity wholly owned by GCC nationals and established under the laws of a GCC country; 
(b) 
Subject to the exceptions stipulated in the Income Tax Law, a Permanent Establishment of a non-resident 
in the Kingdom represents a permanent place for the non-resident’s activity where such person conducts 
the activity either fully or partly, which also includes any activity conducted by the non-resident through 
an agent. A non-resident carrying out an activity in the Kingdom through a licensed branch is considered 
to have a Permanent Establishment in the Kingdom. 
(c) 
A natural person is considered a tax resident in the Kingdom for tax purposes (as defined in Chapter 2—
Article 3 of the Income Tax Law) for a taxable year if such person meets either of the two following 
conditions: 
 such person has a permanent place of abode in the Kingdom and is physically present in the Kingdom 
for a total of not less than 30 days in the taxable year; or 
 such person is physically present in the Kingdom for a period of not less than 183 days in the taxable 
year.  
(a) 
A company is considered a tax resident in the Kingdom during a taxable year if it meets either of the 
following conditions: 
 it is formed in accordance with the Kingdom’s relevant companies law; or 
 its place of central control and management is located in the Kingdom. 
Certificateholders should not be deemed to be resident in the Kingdom solely by reason of holding any 
Certificates. 
The proposed financial transactions tax (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission’s Proposal) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal,

--- Page 214 ---
202 
 
 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in Certificates 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market transactions referred to in 
Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside 
of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Certificates where at least one 
party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A financial 
institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a broad range of 
circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where 
the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may therefore 
be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member States may 
decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of Certificates are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a foreign 
financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (foreign 
passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related requirements. The Trustee 
may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including the Cayman Islands) 
have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to 
implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the 
provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not 
be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application 
of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Certificates, including whether withholding would 
ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Certificates, are 
uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA 
with respect to payments on instruments such as Certificates, such withholding would not apply prior to the date 
that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the 
U.S. Federal Register and Certificates characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity 
and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after 
the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published generally would be 
grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. Holders should 
consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in Certificates.

--- Page 215 ---
203 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated programme agreement (the Programme Agreement) dated 7 June 
2022, agreed with the Trustee and Dar Al-Arkan a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time 
agree to purchase Certificates. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Terms and 
Conditions of the Certificates”. In the Programme Agreement, each of the Trustee and Dar Al-Arkan has agreed 
to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update 
of the Programme and the issue, offer and sale of Certificates under the Programme. The Programme Agreement 
provides that the obligation of any Dealer to subscribe for Certificates under any such agreement is subject to 
certain conditions and that, in certain circumstances, a Dealer shall be entitled to be released and discharged from 
its obligations under any such agreement prior to the issue of the relevant Certificates. 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
United States 
The Certificates have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with any securities regulatory 
authority of any state or other jurisdiction in the United States and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S) except 
pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities 
Act. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Certificates (a) as part of their distribution at any time 
or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Certificates of the Series of which such 
Certificates are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in 
accordance with an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Each Dealer 
has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will 
send to each dealer to which it sells any Certificates during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or 
other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Certificates within the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Certificates, an offer or sale of such 
Certificates within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an 
available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the Prospectus Regulation 
In relation to each Member State of the EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an 
offer of Certificates which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by 
the applicable Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State, except that it may make an offer 
of such Certificates to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated 
by the Trustee and Dar Al-Arkan for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Certificates referred to above shall require the Trustee, Dar Al-Arkan or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression an offer of Certificates to the public in relation to any Certificates in any Member State 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the

--- Page 216 ---
204 
 
 
offer and the Certificates to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
Certificates; and 
(b) 
the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
United Kingdom 
Public Offer Selling Restriction in the United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that, it has not made and will not make an offer of Certificates which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation thereto to 
the public in the UK except that it may make an offer of such Certificates to the public in the UK: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 
2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant 
Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Trustee and Dar Al-Arkan for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Certificates referred to above shall require the Trustee, Dar Al-Arkan or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
 
the expression an offer of Certificates to the public in relation to any Certificates means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the 
Certificates to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Certificates; 
and 
 
the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that, 
(a) 
in relation to any Certificates which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Certificates 
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to 
expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of 
their businesses where the issue of the Certificates would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 
19 of the FSMA by the Trustee; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Certificates in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Trustee or Dar Al-Arkan; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Certificates in, from or otherwise involving the UK.

--- Page 217 ---
205 
 
 
Cayman Islands 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that no invitation or offer, whether directly or indirectly, to subscribe for the Certificates 
has been or will be made to the public in the Cayman Islands. 
Japan 
The Certificates have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer 
or sell any Certificates, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined 
under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as 
amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any 
resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
No action has been or will be taken in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia that would permit a public offering of the 
Certificates. Any investor in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia or who is a Saudi person (a Saudi Investor) who 
acquires Certificates pursuant to any offering should note that the offer of Certificates is a private placement under 
Article 8(1) of the “Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing Obligations” as issued by the Board of the 
Capital Market Authority (the Capital Market Authority) resolution number 3-123-2017 dated 27 December 
2017 and amended by Capital Market Authority resolution number 5-5-2022 dated 5 January 2022 (the KSA 
Regulations), through a capital market institution licensed to carry out arranging activities by the Capital Market 
Authority and following a notification to the Capital Market Authority under Article 10 of the KSA Regulations.  
The Certificates may thus not be advertised, offered or sold to any person in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia other 
than to “institutional and qualified clients” under Article 8(a)(1) of the KSA Regulations or by way of a limited 
offer under Article 9 of the KSA Regulations. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that any offer of Certificates by it to a 
Saudi Investor will be made in compliance with Article 10 and either Article 8(a)(1) or Article 9 of the KSA 
Regulations. 
Each offer of Certificates shall not therefore constitute a “public offer”, an “exempt offer” or a “parallel market 
offer” pursuant to the KSA Regulations, but is subject to the restrictions on secondary market activity under 
Article 14 of the KSA Regulations. 
United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre) 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that the Certificates to be issued under the Programme have not been and will not be 
offered, sold or publicly promoted or advertised by it in the United Arab Emirates other than in compliance with 
any laws applicable in the United Arab Emirates governing the issue, offering and sale of securities. 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered and will not offer the Certificates to be issued under the Programme 
to any person in the Dubai International Financial Centre unless such offer is: 
(a) 
an “Exempt Offer” in accordance with the Markets Rules (MKT) Module of the Dubai Financial Services 
Authority (the DFSA) rulebook; and 
(b) 
made only to persons who meet the Professional Client criteria set out in Rule 2.3.3 of the DFSA Conduct 
of Business Module of the DFSA rulebook.

--- Page 218 ---
206 
 
 
Kingdom of Bahrain 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Certificates except on a private 
placement basis to persons in the Kingdom of Bahrain who are “accredited investors”. 
For this purpose, an accredited investor means: 
(a) 
an individual holding financial assets (either singly or jointly with a spouse) of U.S.$1,000,000 or more, 
excluding that person’s principal place of residence; 
(b) 
a company, partnership, trust or other commercial undertaking which has financial assets available for 
investment of not less than U.S.$1,000,000; or 
(c) 
a government, supranational organisation, central bank or other national monetary authority or a state 
organisation whose main activity is to invest in financial instruments (such as a state pension fund). 
Qatar (excluding the Qatar Financial Centre) 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or 
indirectly, any Certificates in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre), except (i) in compliance 
with all applicable laws and regulations of the State of Qatar; and (ii) through persons or corporate entities 
authorised and licensed to provide investment advice and/or engage in brokerage activity and/or trade in respect 
of foreign securities in the State of Qatar. This Base Prospectus has not been filed with, reviewed or approved by 
the Qatar Central Bank, the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority or any other relevant Qatar governmental 
body or securities exchange. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge that this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Certificates or 
caused such Certificates to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or 
sell any Certificates or cause such Certificates to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, 
and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute this Base Prospectus or any other document 
or material in connection with the offer or sale or invitation for subscription or purchase, of any Certificates, 
whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (a) to an institutional investor (as defined in 
Section 4A of the SFA pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, or (b) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 
275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, 
and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA and (in the case of an accredited 
investor) Regulation 3 of the Securities and Futures (Classes of Investors) Regulations 2018, or (c) otherwise 
pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where Certificates are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, 
each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor; 
(c) 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of 
that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Certificates pursuant to 
an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA, or to 
any person arising from an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the 
SFA; or

--- Page 219 ---
207 
 
 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; or 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; or 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures Act (Offer of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Certificates other than (i) to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance 
(Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the SFO) and any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other circumstances 
which do not result in the document being a “prospectus” as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and 
Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the C(WUMP)O) or which do not 
constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, in each case, and will not issue or have 
in its possession for the purposes of issue, in each case whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any 
advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Certificates, which is directed at, or the contents of 
which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public in Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under 
the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to any Certificates which are or are intended 
to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in 
the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
Malaysia 
This Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Securities Commission of Malaysia under 
the CMSA. Accordingly, Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that the Certificates have not been and will not be offered, 
sold or delivered, and no invitation to subscribe for or purchase the Certificates has been or will be made, directly 
or indirectly, nor may any document or other material in connection therewith be distributed in Malaysia, other 
than to persons within any one of the categories of persons specified under Part 1 of Schedule 6 (or Section 
229(1)(b)), Part 1 of Schedule 7 (or Section 230(1)(b)), and Schedule 8 (or Section 257(3)), read together with 
Schedule 9 or Section 257(3) of the CMSA, subject to any law, order, regulation or official directive of the Central 
Bank of Malaysia, the Securities Commission of Malaysia and/or any other regulatory authority from time to time. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it 
will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws, regulations and directives 
in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers any Certificates or possesses or distributes 
this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, 
sale or delivery by it of Certificates under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject 
or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and none of the Trustee, Dar Al-Arkan, the Delegate 
and any other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Trustee, Dar Al-Arkan, the Delegate and any of the Dealers represents that Certificates may at any 
time lawfully be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or 
pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating any such sale. 
Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Certificates may come must inform themselves about, 
and observe, any applicable restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of 
Certificates. 
With regard to each Series, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with any additional restrictions agreed 
between the Trustee, Dar Al-Arkan and the relevant Dealer and set out in the relevant subscription agreement or 
dealer confirmation letter, as the case may be.

--- Page 220 ---
208 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The update of the Programme and the issue of Certificates have been duly authorised by a resolution of the Board 
of Directors of the Trustee dated 2 June 2022. The Trustee has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and 
authorisations in the Cayman Islands in connection with the issue and performance of Certificates to be issued 
under the Programme and the execution and performance of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party. 
The entry into of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party relating to the update of the Programme has 
been duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of Dar Al-Arkan dated 17 May 2022. 
Listing 
It is expected that each Series of Certificates which is to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue of 
a Global Certificate initially representing the Certificates of such Series. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Certificates issued under the Programme during the 12 months 
from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to listing on the Official List and admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin. 
However, Certificates may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be listed on Euronext Dublin or 
any other stock exchange or which will be listed on such stock exchange as the Trustee and the relevant Dealer 
may agree. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies (and English translations where 
the documents in questions are not in English) from https://www.daralarkan.com/investors-relations/financial-
information/sukuk-programme: 
(a) 
the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement; 
(b) 
the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Trustee and the constitutional documents of Dar Al-
Arkan; 
(c) 
this Base Prospectus; and 
(d) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda and supplements including Final 
Terms (save that a Final Terms relating to a Certificate which is neither admitted to trading on a regulated 
market in the EEA nor offered in the EEA in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published 
under the Prospectus Directive will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Certificate and 
such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent as to its 
holding of the relevant Certificates and identity) to this Base Prospectus and any other documents 
incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
This Base Prospectus will also be available for viewing on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(http://www.live.euronext.com). 
Clearing Systems 
The Certificates have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are 
the entities in charge of keeping the records).The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Series will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the Certificates are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. The address 
of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg.

--- Page 221 ---
209 
 
 
Third Party Information 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties this information has been 
accurately reproduced, and as far as the Trustee and Dar Al-Arkan are aware and are able to ascertain from the 
information published by such third parties no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Trustee and no 
material adverse change in the prospects of the Trustee, in each case, since the date of its incorporation. 
There has been (i) no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of Dar Al-Arkan and 
its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, since 31 March 2022 and (ii) no material adverse change in the prospects of Dar 
Al-Arkan and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, since 31 December 2021. 
Litigation 
The Trustee is not and has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any 
such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Trustee is aware) in the 12 months preceding the 
date of this document which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position or 
profitability of the Trustee. 
Neither Dar Al-Arkan nor any of its subsidiaries has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings that are pending or threatened of which Dar Al-Arkan is aware) 
during the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus that may have or have in such period had a 
significant effect on the financial position or profitability of Dar Al-Arkan and/or its subsidiaries, respectively. 
Auditors 
The Trustee is not required by Cayman Islands law, and does not intend, to publish audited financial statements 
or appoint any auditors. 
The auditors of Dar Al-Arkan are AlKharashi, chartered accountants, who have audited Dar Al-Arkan’s accounts, 
without qualification, in accordance with IFRS for each of the two financial years ended on 31 December 2021 
and 31 December 2020. AlKharashi is regulated in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia by SOCPA and the Ministry of 
Commerce and Investment. AlKharashi does not have any material interest in Dar Al-Arkan. 
AlKharashi have also reviewed the interim condensed consolidated financial statements of Dar Al-Arkan for the 
three-month period ended 31 March 2022 in accordance with International Standard on Review engagements 
2410, “Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity,” as stated 
in their report incorporated by reference herein. 
Dealers transacting with Dar Al-Arkan 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, Dar Al-Arkan (and its affiliates) in 
the ordinary course of business for which they have received, and for which they may in the future receive, fees. 
Cayman Islands Data Protection  
The Cayman Islands Government enacted the Data Protection Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands (the DPA) 
on 18 May 2017 which was brought into force on 30 September 2019. The DPA introduces legal requirements 
for the Trustee based on internationally accepted principles of data privacy.  
Prospective investors should note that, by virtue of making investments in the Certificates and the associated 
interactions with the Trustee and its affiliates and/or delegates, or by virtue of providing the Trustee with personal 
information on individuals connected with the investor (for example directors, trustees, employees, 
representatives, shareholders, investors, clients, beneficial owners or agents) such individuals may be providing 
the Trustee and its affiliates and/or delegates (including, without limitation, the Trustee Administrator) with 
certain personal information which constitutes personal data within the meaning of the DPA. The Trustee shall

--- Page 222 ---
210 
 
 
act as a data controller in respect of this personal data and its affiliates and/or delegates, such as the Trustee 
Administrator, may act as data processors (or data controllers in their own right in some circumstances).  
For further information on the application of the DPA to the Trustee, please refer to the Privacy Notice (a copy of 
which may be requested from the Trustee Administrator by email at dubai@maples.com), which provides an 
outline of investors’ data protection rights and obligations as they relate to the investment in the Certificates.  
Oversight of the DPA is the responsibility of the Ombudsman’s office of the Cayman Islands. Breach of the DPA 
by the Trustee could lead to enforcement action by the Ombudsman, including the imposition of remediation 
orders, monetary penalties or referral for criminal prosecution.

--- Page 223 ---
TRUSTEE 
Dar Al-Arkan Sukuk Company Ltd. 
c/o MaplesFS Limited 
P.O. Box 1093, Queensgate House 
Grand Cayman, KY1-1102  
Cayman Islands 
DAR AL-ARKAN 
Dar Al-Arkan Real Estate Development Company 
Maathar Street 
P.O. Box 105633, Riyadh 11656 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
STATUTORY AUDITORS TO DAR AL-ARKAN 
AlKharashi & Co. 
P.O. Box 8306, Riyadh 11482 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
DELEGATE 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2 Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Trustee as to Cayman Islands law 
Maples and Calder (Dubai) LLP 
Level 14, Burj Daman 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
P.O. Box 119980 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
To Dar Al-Arkan as to English law 
To Dar Al-Arkan as to Saudi law 
Latham & Watkins LLP 
ICD Brookfield Place, Level 16 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
P.O. Box 506698 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
Law Firm of Salman M. Al-Sudairi 
7th Floor, Tower 1, Al-Tatweer Towers 
King Fahad Highway 
P.O. Box 17411 
Riyadh 11484 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
To the Dealers as to English law 
To the Dealers as to Saudi law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
11th Floor 
Burj Daman Building 
Al Mustaqbal Street 
Dubai International Financial Centre  
P.O. Box 506678 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
Khoshaim & Associates 
17th Floor, Tower B 
Olaya Towers, Olaya District  
P.O. Box 230667 
Riyadh, 11321 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia  
To the Delegate as to English law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
11th Floor 
Burj Daman Building 
Al Mustaqbal Street 
Dubai International Financial Centre  
P.O. Box 506678 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates

--- Page 224 ---
ARRANGERS AND DEALERS 
Alkhair Capital (Dubai) Limited 
Dubai International Financial Center 
Level 9, North Tower 
Emirates Financial Towers 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
Emirates NBD Bank PJSC 
P.O. Box 777 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
Standard Chartered Bank 
7th Floor Building One 
Gate Precinct 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
P.O. Box 999 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
LISTING AGENT 
Maples and Calder (Ireland) LLP 
75 St. Stephen’s Green 
Dublin 2 
D02 PR50 
Ireland