--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
DB ETC plc 
(incorporated as a public company with limited liability under the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991) 
Secured ETC Precious Metal Linked Securities Programme 
What is this document? 
This document (this “Base Prospectus”) constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8.1 of the Prospectus Regulation 
and is in respect of the Secured ETC Precious Metal Linked Securities Programme (the “Programme”) of DB ETC plc (the “Issuer”). 
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months. The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy 
relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of the ETC Securities, prepare a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus. The obligation to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus in the event of any significant 
new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy does not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
 
It is important that you read and understand this Base Prospectus before you invest in ETC Securities. 
What type of securities does this document relate to? 
This Base Prospectus relates to the issuance of secured, limited recourse securities (“ETC Securities”) of the Issuer that will be linked 
to a specified precious metal, will not pay any interest and upon maturity will pay an amount linked to the performance of such precious 
metal, subject to deduction of a fee and, in the case of ETC Securities with a foreign exchange hedge component, subject to any gains 
or losses in respect of the foreign exchange hedge. 
 
The ETC Securities involve a significant degree of risk and potential investors should be prepared to sustain a loss of all or 
part of their investment. 
Who is the Issuer? 
The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle whose sole business is the issue of ETC Securities. 
What is in this Base Prospectus? 
This Base Prospectus, together with the documents incorporated by reference within, is intended to provide investors with necessary 
information with regard to the Issuer and the ETC Securities which, according to the particular nature and circumstances of the Issuer 
and the type of ETC Securities, is material to prospective investors for making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer, the rights attaching to the ETC Securities and the reasons for the 
issuance and its impact on the Issuer. 
The contractual terms of any particular Series of ETC Securities will be made up of the terms and conditions set out at pages 
93-181 of this Base Prospectus, as completed by a separate Final Terms document, which is specific to that issuance of ETC Securities 
(the “Final Terms”).  
The Base Prospectus also discloses: risk factors relating to an investment in ETC Securities; information about the agreements entered 
into by the Issuer in respect of the ETC Securities; information concerning certain parties that have roles in connection with the 
Programme; information regarding taxation in certain jurisdictions; and information about selling restrictions applicable to the ETC 
Securities.  
All capitalised terms used will be defined in this Base Prospectus or the Final Terms and a glossary of defined terms is set out at pages 
247-249 of this Base Prospectus. Where a branch of any entity is referred to in this Base Prospectus, investors should note that such 
branch is not a subsidiary of such entity and does not comprise a separate legal entity, and accordingly, any recourse may be had to 
the relevant entity and not just the specified branch. Deutsche Bank AG performs various roles with respect to the ETC Securities. In 
performing such roles Deutsche Bank AG will act through its London branch. Deutsche Bank AG has chosen to perform its roles through 
this branch because key activities relevant to its roles are carried out by it from London and because of its operational and administrative 
policies. However, as described previously, Deutsche Bank AG’s decision to perform its role from its London branch does not affect or 
limit, in any respect, the rights of any person who contracts with it. 
What other documents do I need to read? 
This Base Prospectus contains all information which is necessary to enable investors to make an informed decision of the financial 
position and prospects of the Issuer and of the rights attaching to the ETC Securities. Some of this information is incorporated by 
reference from other publicly available documents and some of this information is completed in an issue-specific document called the 
Final Terms. It is recommended that you read the documents incorporated by reference, as well as the Final Terms in respect of the 
relevant Series of ETC Securities, together with this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
This Base Prospectus and any document incorporated by reference will be made available at www.etc.dws.com. The information on 
any websites referred to herein does not form part of the Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
What information is included in the Final Terms? 
Whilst the Base Prospectus includes general information about all ETC Securities, the Final Terms is the document that sets out the 
specific details of the particular issue of ETC Securities covered by those Final Terms. Such details will include: the issue date; issue 
price; currency; series number; name(s) of the Authorised Participant(s); scheduled maturity date; the type of metal to which those ETC 
Securities are linked; the fee percentages or maximum fee percentages applicable to those ETC Securities and whether those ETC 
Securities are in bearer or registered form. 
 
Arranger and Lead Authorised Participant 
DEUTSCHE BANK AG 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 4 January 2021.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8.1 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) . 
Approval 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”), as 
competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Central Bank only approves this Base 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either the 
Issuer or the quality of the ETC Securities that is the subject of this Base Prospectus and prospective 
purchasers should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the ETC Securities. Such 
approval relates only to the ETC Securities which are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
the Euronext Dublin or other regulated markets for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council on Markets in Financial Instruments and amending Directive 2002/92/EC 
and Directive 2011/61/EU (recast) (“MiFID II”) and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member 
State of the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). 
The Issuer has requested the Central Bank to notify the approval of the Base Prospectus in accordance 
with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation to the competent authority in Austria, the Österreichische 
Finanzmarktaufsichtsbehörde (Austrian Financial Market Authority), the competent authority in Belgium, 
the Financial Services and Markets Authority, the competent authority in Finland, the Finanssivalvonta 
(Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority), the competent authority in France, the Autorité des Marchés 
Financiers (Authority for the Financial Markets), the competent authority in Germany, the Bundesanstalt 
für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (the Federal Financial Supervisory Authority), the competent authority in 
Italy, the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa (CONSOB), the competent authority in 
Luxembourg, the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (Commission for the Supervision of 
the Financial Sector), the competent authority in the Netherlands, the Autoriteit Financiële Markten 
(Authority for the Financial Markets) and the competent authority in Sweden, Finansinspektionen (Financial 
Supervisory Authority) by providing them with a certificate of approval attesting that this Base Prospectus 
has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation (a “Notification”). The Issuer may 
request the Central Bank to provide competent authorities in additional Member States within the European 
Economic Area with a Notification.  
Admission to Listing and Trading 
Application will be made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) 
for the ETC Securities issued during the period of twelve months after the date of this Base Prospectus to 
be admitted to the official list (the “Official List”) and to trading on its regulated market (which is a regulated 
market for the purposes of MiFID II). 
In addition or alternatively, a Series of ETC Securities may be listed on the official list of one or more of 
the following stock exchanges and be admitted to trading on the regulated market or other main market 
thereof: Euronext Paris, Euronext Amsterdam, the Frankfurt Stock Exchange, the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, the Borsa Italiana, the OMX Nordic Exchange, the London Stock Exchange plc and/or the SIX 
Swiss Exchange (each a “Stock Exchange”) as may be agreed between the Issuer and the Arranger. 
References in this Base Prospectus to ETC Securities being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean 
that such ETC Securities have either been admitted to the Official List and have been admitted to trading 
on the Market or have been admitted to the official list and have been admitted to trading on the regulated 
market or other main market of any other Stock Exchange.  
This Base Prospectus may not be used in connection with or to offer any ETC Securities listed on 
the official list of any stock exchange and admitted to trading on any market other than those listed

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
on the official list of a Stock Exchange in the EEA and admitted to trading on a regulated market or 
main market of a Member State. In particular, this Base Prospectus does not relate to any ETC 
Securities listed on any non-EEA stock exchange and trading on any non-EEA market such as the 
London Stock Exchange plc and/or the SIX Swiss Exchange. For the avoidance of doubt, the terms 
and conditions of any ETC Securities listed on any non-EEA stock exchange and trading on any 
non-EEA market will be set out in a separate document and will be offered pursuant to such 
separate disclosure and/or offering document as may be required by the laws applicable to such 
non-European jurisdiction and the rules of the relevant non-EEA exchange). 
This Base Prospectus has not been approved yet by the Swiss prospectus reviewing body according to 
the relevant provision of the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA"), as amended. The Issuer will solicit 
such approval within the deadline set out under Art. 95 para. 4 FinSA. 
Rating 
ETC Securities issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Series of ETC Securities 
is to be rated, such rating will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Such rating will not necessarily 
be the same as the rating assigned to the ETC Securities already issued. A rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
agency. 
This Base Prospectus contains references to credit ratings granted by Moody’s Investors Service Inc. 
(“Moody’s”), Standard & Poor’s Rating Services, a division of S&P Global (“S&P”) and Fitch Ratings 
Limited (“Fitch”). Fitch is established in the United Kingdom (the “UK”) and is registered in accordance 
with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (the “CRA Regulation”). As such, Fitch is 
included in the list of credit ratings agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation. 
Moody’s and S&P are not established in the European Union and have not applied for registration pursuant 
to the CRA Regulation. However, their respective affiliates are established in the EEA and the UK and 
registered under the CRA Regulation. Such affiliates endorse the ratings of Moody’s and S&P for use for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA. 
Responsibility for Base Prospectus and Consent to Use by Authorised Offerors 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best of the 
knowledge and belief of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance 
with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. The information in 
the section entitled “Information Concerning the Lead Authorised Participant, the Secured Account 
Custodian, the Subscription Account Custodian, the Metal Agent and the Programme Counterparty” 
consists only of extracts from, or summaries of, publicly available information. Such publicly available 
information was not prepared in connection with the offering of the ETC Securities. The Issuer accepts 
responsibility for the accurate reproduction of such information. As far as the Issuer is aware and is able 
to ascertain from information published by Deutsche Bank AG and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (as 
applicable) no facts have been omitted which would render such reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. 
Deutsche Bank AG accepts responsibility for the information contained in the section entitled “Information 
Concerning the Lead Authorised Participant, the Secured Account Custodian, the Subscription Account 
Custodian, the Metal Agent and the Programme Counterparty”. To the best of the knowledge and belief of 
Deutsche Bank AG, such information is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to 
affect the import of such information. To the fullest extent permitted by law, Deutsche Bank AG does not

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
accept any responsibility (whether arising in tort, contract or otherwise) for the other contents of this Base 
Prospectus or for any other statement made or purported to be made by it or on its behalf in connection 
with the Issuer or the issue and offering of the ETC Securities. 
The Issuer consents to the use of this Base Prospectus (and accepts responsibility for the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus) with respect to subsequent resale or final placement by way of public 
offer of a Series of ETC Securities by any Authorised Participant, Authorised Distributor or other financial 
intermediary in respect of that Series of ETC Securities in any of Austria, Belgium, France, Finland, 
Germany, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands and Sweden which is an investment firm within the meaning 
of MiFID II and which is authorised in accordance with MiFID II in any EU member state (each an 
“Authorised Offeror”), provided such Authorised Offeror complies with the Selling Restrictions. Such 
consent applies to any such resale or final placement by way of public offer during the period of 12 months 
from the date of the Base Prospectus unless such consent is withdrawn prior to that date by notice 
published on the website of the Issuer at www.etc.dws.com (or such other website as may be notified to 
Securityholders). Other than the right of the Issuer to withdraw the consent and the aforementioned 
requirements applicable to Authorised Offerors, no other conditions are attached to the consent described 
in this paragraph. Any new information with respect to the identity of any new Authorised Participants will 
be published on the website of the Issuer at www.etc.dws.com (or such other website as may be notified 
to Securityholders). An Authorised Offeror using this Base Prospectus is required to publish on its 
website that it uses this Base Prospectus in accordance with the consent of the Issuer and the 
conditions attached thereto. However, neither Marc Harris, Visdirect Services Limited or Viscom 
Services Limited (as directors of the Issuer) nor Deutsche Bank AG has any responsibility for any of the 
actions of any Authorised Offeror (save where it is itself an Authorised Offeror), including compliance by 
an Authorised Offeror with applicable conduct of business rules or other local regulatory requirements or 
other securities law requirements in relation to such offer.  
In the event of an offer being made by an Authorised Offeror, the Authorised Offeror will provide 
information to investors on the terms and conditions of the offer at the time the offer is made.  
Any offer or sale of ETC Securities to an investor by an Authorised Offeror will be made in 
accordance with any terms and other arrangements in place between such Authorised Offeror and 
such investor including as to price, allocations and settlement arrangements. Where such 
information is not contained in the Base Prospectus or Final Terms, it will be the responsibility of 
the applicable financial intermediary at the time of such offer to provide the investor with that 
information and neither the Issuer, nor the Arranger or other Authorised Offeror has any 
responsibility or liability for such information. 
Other than as set out above, neither the Issuer nor the Arranger has authorised (nor do they authorise or 
consent to the use of this Base Prospectus in connection with) any resale or final placement of the ETC 
Securities by way of a public offer by any person in any circumstances. Any such unauthorised offers are 
not made on behalf of the Issuer or the Arranger or Authorised Offerors and none of the Issuer or the 
Arranger or Authorised Offerors has any responsibility or liability for the actions of any person making such 
offers. Investors should enquire whether a financial intermediary is an Authorised Offeror. If an investor is 
offered ETC Securities by a person or entity which is not an Authorised Offeror, the investor should check 
with such person or entity whether any entity is responsible for this Base Prospectus in the context of an 
offer of ETC Securities to the public. If the investor is in doubt about whether it can rely on the Base 
Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents, it should take legal advice. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, no Authorised Offeror (excluding, for this purpose, Deutsche Bank 
AG and any branch thereof) accepts any responsibility for the contents of this Base Prospectus or for any 
other statement made or purported to be made by it or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer or the 
issue and offering of the ETC Securities. Each Authorised Offeror (excluding, for this purpose, Deutsche 
Bank AG and any branch thereof) disclaims all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or 
otherwise which it might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus and/or any such statement.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
The Authorised Participants may appoint distributors or brokers (which may include Deutsche Bank AG or 
any of its Affiliates) in connection with the offering of ETC Securities and may pay commissions or fees to 
such distributors or brokers in an amount not exceeding one-third of the Product Fee in relation to the 
relevant Series of ETC Securities (any such appointed distributor or broker being an “Authorised 
Distributor”). If any commissions or fees relating to the issue and sale of these ETC Securities have been 
paid or are payable by an Authorised Participant to a distributor or broker, then such distributor or broker 
may be obliged to fully disclose to its clients the existence, nature and amount of any such commissions 
or fees (including, if applicable, by way of discount) as required in accordance with laws and regulations 
applicable to such distributor or broker, including any legislation, regulation and/or rule implementing MiFID 
II, or as otherwise may apply in any non-European Economic Area jurisdictions. Potential investors in these 
ETC Securities should ensure that they have been informed about the fee or commission arrangements 
by the distributor or broker before making any purchase of the ETC Securities. 
Other Representations not to be Relied on 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the ETC Securities and, if given 
or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Issuer, the Arranger, the Lead Authorised Participant, any Authorised Offeror, the Determination Agent, 
any other Agent or the Programme Counterparty. 
Possible Change in Circumstances of the Issuer 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any 
circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the 
date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since the 
date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as at any 
time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. 
Investors to Make Own Assessment 
This document identifies in general terms certain information that a prospective investor should consider 
prior to making an investment in the ETC Securities. However, a prospective investor should conduct its 
own thorough analysis (including its own accounting, legal, regulatory, financial and tax analysis) prior to 
deciding whether to invest in any ETC Securities issued under the Programme. Any evaluation of the 
suitability for an investor of an investment in ETC Securities issued under the Programme depends upon 
that prospective investor’s particular financial and other circumstances, as well as on the specific terms of 
the relevant ETC Securities. 
Benchmark Administrators 
Under Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “Benchmark Regulation”), benchmark administrators had to apply 
for authorisation or registration as an administrator before 1 January 2020. Upon such authorisation or 
registration, the benchmark administrator or the benchmark will appear on the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant 
to article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation (the “Register”). 
In respect of ETC Securities the return on which is linked to the performance of gold or silver, amounts 
payable thereunder may be calculated by reference to the LBMA Gold Price or the LBMA Silver Price,

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
respectively, which are provided by ICE Benchmark Administration Limited. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, ICE Benchmark Administration Limited appears on the Register. 
In respect of ETC Securities the return on which is linked to the performance of platinum or palladium, 
amounts payable thereunder may be calculated by reference to the London Platinum Price or the London 
Palladium Price, respectively, which are provided by the London Metal Exchange. As at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the London Metal Exchange appears on the Register. 
 In respect of ETC Securities the return on which is linked to the performance of rhodium, amounts payable 
thereunder may be calculated by reference to the Comdaq Metals Tradeable Rhodium Benchmark which 
is provided by Comdaq Metals Switzerland AG. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Comdaq Metals Switzerland AG does not appear on the Register. 
As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in article 51 of the Benchmark Regulation apply, 
such that Comdaq Metals Switzerland AG is not currently required to obtain recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence.  
The Master Terms and Conditions of the ETC Securities set out the actions that will be taken in the event 
that a benchmark materially changes or ceases to be provided in accordance with article 28 of the 
Benchmark Regulation. 
In respect of ETC Securities that are foreign exchange hedged, part of the Metal Entitlement from time to 
time will be linked to the performance of Bloomberg FX benchmarks. Such benchmarks are administered 
by Bloomberg Index Services Limited (“BISL”). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, BISL appears on 
the Register. 
Fees, Costs and Charges 
This Base Prospectus, the Final Terms relating to the ETC Securities and the financial statements of the 
Issuer contain certain information relating to fees and costs and charges applicable to the ETC Securities. 
If the Securityholder is advised by third parties (in particular companies providing services related to 
financial instruments, such as credit institutions and investment firms) when acquiring the ETC Securities, 
or if the third parties mediate the purchase, such third parties may have to provide the Securityholder, as 
the case may be, with a breakdown of costs and charges or expense ratios that are not laid out in the cost 
details in this Base Prospectus, the Final Terms relating to the ETC Securities, or the financial statements 
of the Issuer. 
In particular, such differences may result from regulatory requirements governing how such third parties 
determine, calculate and report costs and charges. These requirements may arise for example in the 
course of the national implementation of MiFID II. Securityholders should note that the information provided 
by third parties on all relevant costs and charges may vary from one party to the other due to these third 
parties additionally invoicing the costs of their own services (e.g. a surcharge or, where applicable, 
recurrent brokering or advisory fees, depositary fees, etc.). 
No Investment Advice or Assessment of Suitability or Lawfulness of Acquisition 
This document is not, and does not purport to be, investment advice, and none of the Issuer, the Arranger 
or any Transaction Party makes any recommendation as to the suitability of the ETC Securities as an 
investment. The provision of this document to prospective investors is not based on any prospective 
investor’s individual circumstances and should not be relied upon as an assessment of suitability for any 
prospective investor of the ETC Securities. Even if the Issuer, the Arranger or a Transaction Party 
possesses information as to the objectives of any prospective investor in relation to any transaction, series 
of transactions or trading strategy, this will not be deemed sufficient for any assessment of suitability for 
such person of the ETC Securities. Any trading or investment decisions a prospective investor takes are

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
in reliance on its own analysis and judgment and/or that of its advisers and not in reliance on the Issuer, 
the Arranger, any Transaction Party or any of their respective Affiliates. 
None of the Issuer, the Arranger, any Transaction Party nor any Affiliate of such persons has or assumes 
responsibility for the lawfulness of the acquisition of the ETC Securities by a prospective purchaser of the 
ETC Securities (whether for its own account or for the account of any third party), whether under the laws 
of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or any jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for compliance 
by that prospective purchaser (or any such third party) with any law, regulation or regulatory policy 
applicable to it. 
Distribution and No Offer 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the ETC Securities in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are 
required by the Issuer, the Lead Authorised Participant, all Authorised Offerors and the Arranger to inform 
themselves about and to observe any such restrictions.  
For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of ETC Securities and on the distribution of this 
Base Prospectus, see the section entitled “Subscription and Sale”. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Arranger or any Transaction Party to subscribe for, or purchase, any ETC Securities. 
ETC Securities issued under the Programme will not be offered or sold to "consumers" 
(consumenten/consommateurs) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law. 
United States Selling Restrictions 
THE ETC SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN, AND WILL NOT BE, REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED 
STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”) OR UNDER THE 
SECURITIES LAW OF ANY STATE OR POLITICAL SUB-DIVISION OF THE UNITED STATES OF 
AMERICA OR ANY OF ITS TERRITORIES, POSSESSIONS OR OTHER AREAS SUBJECT TO ITS 
JURISDICTION INCLUDING THE COMMONWEALTH OF PUERTO RICO, AND THE ISSUER HAS NOT 
BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER ANY FEDERAL LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES OF 
AMERICA. THE ETC SECURITIES INCLUDE ETC SECURITIES IN BEARER FORM THAT ARE 
SUBJECT TO U.S. TAX LAW REQUIREMENTS. NO PERSON HAS REGISTERED NOR WILL 
REGISTER AS A COMMODITY POOL OPERATOR OF THE ISSUER UNDER THE COMMODITY 
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1936, AS AMENDED (THE “CEA”) AND THE RULES THEREUNDER (THE “CFTC 
RULES”) OF THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION (THE “CFTC”). ANY OFFER OR 
SALE OF THE ETC SECURITIES MUST BE MADE IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION EXEMPT FROM 
THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT PURSUANT TO REGULATION S 
THEREUNDER (“REGULATION S”). THE ETC SECURITIES MAY NOT AT ANY TIME BE OFFERED, 
SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED, OR, IF IN BEARER FORM, DELIVERED, IN THE UNITED 
STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, PERSONS WHO ARE EITHER (A) U.S. 
PERSONS AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S OR (B) PERSONS WHO DO NOT COME WITHIN THE 
DEFINITION OF A NON-UNITED STATES PERSON UNDER CFTC RULE 4.7 (EXCLUDING FOR THE 
PURPOSES OF SUBSECTION (D) THEREOF, THE EXCEPTION TO THE EXTENT IT WOULD APPLY 
TO PERSONS WHO ARE NOT NON-UNITED STATES PERSONS). ANY UNITED STATES PERSON 
THAT HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES 
INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF 
THE UNITED STATES INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE “CODE”). FOR A 
DESCRIPTION OF FURTHER RESTRICTIONS ON THE OFFER, SALE AND TRANSFER OF THE ETC

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
SECURITIES, PLEASE REFER TO THE “UNITED STATES” SUB-SECTION IN THE “SUBSCRIPTION 
AND SALE” SECTION OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS. 
THE ETC SECURITIES MAY NOT BE LEGALLY OR BENEFICIALLY OWNED BY ANY ENTITY THAT 
IS, OR THAT IS USING THE ASSETS OF, (A)(I) AN “EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN” (AS DEFINED IN 
SECTION 3(3) OF THE UNITED STATES EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 
1974, AS AMENDED (“ERISA”)) THAT IS SUBJECT TO THE FIDUCIARY RESPONSIBILITY 
REQUIREMENTS OF TITLE I OF ERISA, (II) A “PLAN” TO WHICH SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE, 
APPLIES, OR (III) AN ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE “PLAN ASSETS” (AS 
DETERMINED PURSUANT TO THE “PLAN ASSETS REGULATION” ISSUED BY THE UNITED STATES 
DEPARTMENT OF LABOR AT 29 C.F.R. SECTION 2510.3-101 AS MODIFIED BY SECTION 3(42) OF 
ERISA) OR OTHERWISE UNDER ERISA BY REASON OF ANY SUCH EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN OR 
PLAN’S INVESTMENT IN THE ENTITY (ANY SUCH PLAN OR ENTITY DESCRIBED IN (I), (II) OR (III), 
A “BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR”) OR (B) A NON-U.S. PLAN, GOVERNMENTAL PLAN, CHURCH PLAN 
OR OTHER PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO ANY FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, NON-U.S. OR OTHER LAW 
OR REGULATION THAT IS SIMILAR TO THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 
4975 OF THE CODE (A “SIMILAR LAW”) UNLESS ITS ACQUISITION AND HOLDING AND 
DISPOSITION OF ANY ETC SECURITY, OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN, HAS NOT AND WILL NOT 
CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF SUCH SIMILAR LAW.  
No Verification or Review by Arranger or Transaction Party 
None of the Arranger or any Transaction Party has separately verified the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus (save as otherwise provided above) and accordingly none of them makes any 
representation, recommendation or warranty, express or implied, regarding the accuracy, adequacy, 
reasonableness or completeness of the information contained herein or in any further information, notice 
or other document which may, at any time, be supplied in connection with the ETC Securities or their 
distribution and none of them accepts any responsibility or liability therefor. None of the Arranger or any 
Transaction Party undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the 
arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus or to advise any investor or potential investor in the 
ETC Securities of any information coming to their attention.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
Issuer obligations only 
No person other than the Issuer will be obliged to make payments on the ETC Securities of any Series. 
The ETC Securities issued under the Programme will not be guaranteed by, or be the responsibility of, any 
other entity. In particular, the ETC Securities (i) do not represent an interest in and will not be obligations 
of, or insured or guaranteed by, the Arranger, any Transaction Party or any Affiliate or any company 
associated with any of them, (ii) will not have the status of a bank deposit and will not be within the scope 
of any deposit protection scheme and (iii) are not insured or guaranteed by any government, government 
agency or other body. 
Certain Jersey Notices 
A copy of this Base Prospectus has been delivered to the Registrar of Companies in Jersey in accordance 
with Article 5 of the Companies (General Provisions) (Jersey) Order 2002, and he has given, and has not 
withdrawn, his consent to its circulation. The Jersey Financial Services Commission has given, and has 
not withdrawn, its consent under Article 4 of the Control of Borrowing (Jersey) Order 1958, as amended, 
to the issue of ETC Securities by the Issuer. The Jersey Financial Services Commission is protected by 
the Control of Borrowing (Jersey) Law, 1947, as amended, against liability arising from the discharge of its 
functions under that law. It must be distinctly understood that, in giving these consents, neither the 
Registrar of Companies nor the Jersey Financial Services Commission takes any responsibility for the 
financial soundness of the Issuer or for the correctness of any statements made, or opinions expressed, 
with regard to it.  
The investments described in this document do not constitute a collective investment fund for the 
purpose of the Collective Investment Funds (Jersey) Law 1988, as amended, on the basis that they 
are investment products designed for financially sophisticated investors with specialist knowledge 
of, and experience of investing in, such investments, who are capable of fully evaluating the risks 
involved in making such investments and who have an asset base sufficiently substantial as to 
enable them to sustain any loss that they might suffer as a result of making such investments. 
These investments are not regarded by the Jersey Financial Services Commission as suitable 
investments for any other type of investor. 
It is advisable that any individual intending to invest in any investment described in this document 
seek professional advice and ensure that he or she fully understands all the risks associated with 
making such an investment and has sufficient financial resources to sustain any loss that may 
arise from it. 
The ETC Securities are not units in an authorised collective investment scheme for the purposes of the 
Central Bank (Supervision and Enforcement) Act 2013 (Section 48(1)) (Undertakings for Collective 
Investment in Transferable Securities) Regulations 2015 or under the Central Bank’s Alternative 
Investment Fund Rulebook. 
No regulation of the Issuer by any regulatory authority 
The Issuer is not required to be licensed, registered or authorised under any current securities, 
commodities or banking laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation and will operate without supervision by any 
authority in any jurisdiction. There can be no assurance, however, that regulatory authorities in one or 
more other jurisdictions will not determine that the Issuer is required to be licensed, registered or authorised 
under the securities, commodities or banking laws of that jurisdiction or that legal or regulatory 
requirements with respect thereto will not change in the future. Any such requirement or change could 
have an adverse impact on the Issuer or the holders of ETC Securities.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
Collective investment scheme 
The ETC Securities are debt securities and do not take the form of a collective investment scheme or fund. 
There can be no assurance that the courts or regulatory authorities in any jurisdiction would not 
recharacterise the ETC Securities as units in a collective investment scheme or a fund. Any 
recharacterisation of the ETC Securities as units in a collective investment scheme or a fund may have 
adverse consequences (including, without limitation, adverse tax consequences) for an investor. 
In particular, the ETC Securities are exchange traded products, which do not qualify as shares or units of 
a collective investment scheme within the meaning of the Swiss Collective Investment Schemes Act of 23 
June 2006 (“CISA”), as amended, and are not licensed thereunder. They have not been approved by the 
Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (“FINMA”) and are not subject to its supervision. The ETC 
Securities are not issued or guaranteed by a supervised financial intermediary within the meaning of CISA. 
Accordingly, Investors do not benefit from the specific investor protection provided under the CISA. Any 
investment in the ETC Securities does not have the status of a bank deposit and is not within the scope of 
any deposit protection schemes. 
Switzerland 
Any ETC Securities which are to be offered to non-qualified investors, as defined in the Swiss Collective 
Investment Schemes Act, may only be offered or advertised in Switzerland within the limit set out under 
the Swiss Financial Services Act and, its implementing ordinance, the Swiss Financial Services Ordinance. 
The provision of Financial Services in connection with the ETC Securities may only be provided in 
compliance with the rules of the Swiss Financial Services Act and, its implementing ordinance, the Swiss 
Financial Services Ordinance, as amended and, in particular, in accordance with the rules of conducts set 
out under Art. 8 ff. FinSA. 
Interpretation 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to 
“dollars”, “U.S. dollars”, “USD”, “$” and “U.S.$” are to the lawful currency of the United States of America, 
references to “sterling”, “pounds sterling”, “GBP” and “£” are to the lawful currency of the United 
Kingdom, references to “euro”, “EUR” and “€” are to the lawful currency of those Member States of the 
European Union that have adopted the single currency of the European Union, references to “CHF” are to 
the lawful currency of Switzerland and references to “JPY” and “¥” are to the lawful currency of Japan. All 
references in this Base Prospectus to any time shall be expressed using the 24-hour clock convention. 
Supplementary Prospectus 
The Issuer shall prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new base prospectus 
whenever required by the guidelines of any stock exchange on which ETC Securities are listed or, pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, if there is a significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy relating to the information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment 
of the ETC Securities. 
The Issuer has given an undertaking to the Lead Authorised Participant and the other Authorised 
Participants that if, at any time during the duration of the Programme, there is a significant new factor, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information contained in this Base Prospectus which is 
capable of affecting the assessment of any ETC Securities and whose inclusion in or removal from this 
Base Prospectus is necessary for the purpose of allowing an investor to make an informed assessment of 
the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer, and the rights 
attaching to the ETC Securities, the Issuer shall prepare an amendment or supplement to this Base 
Prospectus or publish a replacement Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
of the ETC Securities and shall supply to the Lead Authorised Participant and the Authorised Participants, 
the Trustee and the Agents such number of copies of such supplement hereto as they may reasonably 
request.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
This table sets out the contents of this Base Prospectus together with an outline description of the 
contents of each section. 
Section of Base Prospectus 
Pages 
What is covered by this Section?  
Important Notices 
3 
This section sets out important legal notices 
relating to the ETC Securities. 
Overview of the Programme 
15 
This section provides an overview of the key 
information contained within this Base 
Prospectus. 
Risk Factors 
23 
This section sets out the principal risks inherent in 
investing in ETC Securities, including key risks 
relating to investments linked to a commodity 
Index. 
Conflicts of Interest 
40 
This section sets out any potential conflicts of 
interest between the Transaction Parties relating 
to the ETC Securities. 
Information Incorporated by 
Reference 
42 
This section incorporates selected financial 
information regarding the Issuer from other 
publicly available documents, and incorporates 
certain sections from previous base prospectuses 
of the Issuer. 
Commonly Asked Questions 
45 
This section addresses a list of commonly asked 
questions about the ETC Securities.  
Description of the Metal 
68 
This section sets out general information about 
the features of commodity indices. 
Master Terms and Conditions of the 
ETC Securities 
93 
This section sets out the detailed contractual 
terms of the ETC Securities. Where the Master 
Terms and Conditions of the ETC Securities 
indicate that an option may be specified in the 
Final Terms, the Final Terms will indicate which of 
these options shall apply. 
Further Information Concerning 
Certain Transaction Documents  
182 
This section sets out descriptions of the main 
agreements entered into by the Issuer in respect 
of the ETC Securities.  
Reasons for the Offer and Use of 
Proceeds 
192 
This section describes what the Issuer does with 
the issue proceeds of the ETC Securities. 
Description of the Issuer 
193 
This section provides a description of the Issuer's 
activities as well as certain financial information in 
respect of the Issuer.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
Information Concerning the Lead 
Authorised Participant, the Secured 
Account Custodian, the Subscription 
Account Custodian, the Metal Agent 
and the Programme Counterparty 
198 
This section gives disclosure regarding certain 
important parties who have a role in relation to the 
Programme. 
Taxation 
200 
This section sets out certain taxation 
considerations relating to ETC Securities. 
Subscription and Sale 
230 
This section sets out certain restrictions as to who 
can purchase ETC Securities in certain 
jurisdictions. 
Form of Final Terms 
236 
This section sets out a template for the Final 
Terms to be used for each specific issuance of 
ETC Securities. 
General Information 
245 
This section provides additional information 
relating to ETC Securities. 
Glossary 
247 
This section contains a glossary of all defined 
terms used in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
Issuer’s principal activities including an overview of the parties to the programme 
DB ETC plc (the “Issuer”) is a special purpose vehicle whose sole business is the issue of asset backed 
securities. The Issuer has established this programme for the issue of ETC Securities whose return is 
linked to the performance of a specified precious metal: gold, silver, platinum, palladium or rhodium. Each 
series of ETC Securities will be separate (or ‘ring-fenced’) from each other series of ETC Securities.  
A number of other parties have roles in connection with the Programme: 
Programme Counterparty: Deutsche Bank AG is the programme counterparty (the “Programme 
Counterparty”) under the Secured ETC Precious Metal Linked Securities Programme of the Issuer (the 
“Programme”). In such role, it enters into a balancing agreement with the Issuer dated as of the series 
issue date of the ETC Securities (the “Balancing Agreement”) which agreement provides for deliveries of 
metal to reflect deductions of fees and, in respect of FX Hedged ETC Securities (as defined below), an 
adjustment for any foreign exchange gain or loss. 
Trustee: Deutsche Trustee Company Limited will act as trustee in respect of each series of ETC Securities 
(the “Trustee”). The Trustee acts as trustee for the holders of ETC Securities and also as security trustee 
(holding the benefit of the security granted by the Issuer over certain of its assets in respect of a series on 
trust for the securityholders and other transaction parties in respect of that series). 
Determination Agent: Apex Fund Services (Ireland) Limited acts as determination agent (the 
“Determination Agent”) in respect of each series of ETC Securities. Its duties include the calculation of 
the value of the ETC Securities, as well as performing certain administrative tasks for the Issuer with 
respect to the ETC Securities (such as facilitating buy-backs of ETC Securities and further issues). 
Metal Agent: Deutsche Bank AG or JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or such other entity as specified in the 
Final Terms will act as metal agent (the “Metal Agent”) in respect of each series of ETC Securities. Its 
duties include the sale of the underlying metal in connection with the maturity of the ETC Securities.  
Secured Account Custodian, Subscription Account Custodian and Sub-Custodian(s): Secured 
account custodian (the “Secured Account Custodian”) and subscription account custodian (the 
“Subscription Account Custodian”, and together, the “Custodian”) will be Deutsche Bank AG or 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or such other entity as specified in the Final Terms. The Issuer will hold any 
Underlying Metal owned by it and held for a Series of ETC Securities with the Secured Account Custodian 
on the terms of the relevant Custody Agreement for Secured Accounts (and, following an issue of ETC 
Securities but prior to the transfer of unallocated Metal equal to the Subscription Settlement Amount to the 
Secured Accounts, with the Subscription Account Custodian on the terms of the relevant Custody 
Agreement for the Subscription Account). The Secured Account Custodian is permitted to hold property 
delivered or received by it for the Issuer in custody accounts with one or more Sub-Custodians provided 
they satisfy certain eligibility criteria. Metal transferred to the Issuer and held in the Subscription Account 
does not form part of the Secured Property in respect of such Series of ETC Securities until the settlement 
of the related subscription of ETC Securities. 
Issuing and Paying Agent and Registrar: Deutsche Bank AG is the issuing and paying agent (the 
“Issuing and Paying Agent”) being the entity making payments under the ETC Securities. The registrar 
for ETC Securities in dematerialised uncertificated registered form is Computershare Investor Services 
(Jersey) Limited (the “Registrar”).  
Authorised Participants: The Authorised Participants are the only entities allowed to buy and sell ETC 
Securities directly from and to the Issuer. Authorised Participants act also as market makers, i.e. they buy 
and sell ETC Securities from and to investors on an over-the-counter basis or via a stock exchange. 
However, not all market makers need to be Authorised Participants. Deutsche Bank AG is the Lead

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
Authorised Participant (subject to any replacement) and, in such capacity, will be an Authorised Participant 
for each series. Additional Authorised Participants may also be appointed for a series of ETC Securities.  
The entities performing the above roles may resign or, in certain cases be removed from such role, and be 
replaced subject to notice and subject, in the case of the Programme Counterparty, the Metal Agent and 
the Secured Account Custodian and Subscription Account Custodian, to the replacement having a 
minimum required rating. 
For so long as Deutsche Trustee Company Limited acts as Trustee and Deutsche Bank AG acts as the 
Issuing and Paying Agent, the Secured Account Custodian, the Subscription Account Custodian, the Metal 
Agent, the Programme Counterparty and the Lead Authorised Participant, then all such parties are under 
common control.  
Description of underlying assets 
The metal for any series of ETC Securities may consist of gold, silver, platinum or palladium (the “Metal”). 
The main assets of the Issuer in respect of a series of ETC Securities are its holdings of Metal held by or 
on behalf of the Issuer (through the Secured Account Custodian, the Subscription Account Custodian 
and/or sub-custodians) and its interests under the related metal agent agreement dated on or about the 
series issue date of the ETC Securities entered into by the Issuer and the Metal Agent (the “Metal Agent 
Agreement”) and the Balancing Agreement.  
Each ETC Security relates to a specific amount of Metal, known as the metal entitlement per ETC Security. 
On any particular day, the ETC Security can be viewed as giving an exposure to that amount of Metal. In 
order to back its obligations under the ETC Securities, the Issuer will seek to hold enough Metal to meet 
its obligations under the ETC Securities. The precise amount it holds at any time may be more or less than 
the aggregate amount of the metal entitlement per ETC Security to reflect the periodic payment of product 
fees and, in respect of FX Hedged ETC Securities, an adjustment for any foreign exchange gains or losses. 
Description of the structure of the transaction 
Each ETC Security is issued by the Issuer to an Authorised Participant. The Issuer will, as subscription 
proceeds for the issue of ETC Securities, receive an amount of the relevant Metal from the Authorised 
Participants subscribing for the ETC Securities sufficient to cover the initial aggregate metal entitlement 
per ETC Security.  
The Issuer will hold such Metal with the custodian. The custodian may, in turn, hold allocated Metal via a 
sub-custodian.  
The ETC Securities are subject to a product fee. This product fee is reflected by a daily reduction in the 
metal entitlement per ETC Security. The fee is payable to the Programme Counterparty under an 
agreement known as the Balancing Agreement. The Issuer pays the product fee by delivering an amount 
of Metal to the Programme Counterparty (rather than as a cash payment). Such payment will happen on 
a periodic (typically monthly) basis.  
In addition, certain ETC Securities may be subject to a foreign exchange hedge. These are known as “FX 
Hedged ETC Securities”. The foreign exchange hedge seeks to reduce the exposure of the ETC 
Securities to exchange rate fluctuations between the currency in which the ETC Securities are 
denominated and the currency in which the relevant Metal is denominated. The currency in which the 
relevant Metal is denominated is known as the “Metal Currency”. It does this by reflecting the effect of a 
notional forward sale of the Metal Currency and purchase of the currency in which the ETC Securities are 
denominated. The foreign exchange hedge may result in gains or losses. Such gains or losses will be 
reflected in the metal entitlement per ETC Security and will therefore impact the value per ETC Security.  
Where there are gains and the metal entitlement per ETC Security consequently increases, the Programme 
Counterparty will deliver additional Metal equivalent to such increase under the Balancing Agreement.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
Where there are losses and the metal entitlement per ETC Security consequently decreases, the Issuer 
will be required to deliver Metal equivalent to such decrease to the Programme Counterparty under the 
Balancing Agreement. All such payments will be in the form of Metal and will happen on a periodic (typically 
monthly) basis. A diagram showing the principal aspects of the structure is set out below: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Description of the flow of funds 
On the series issue date, the Issuer will, as subscription proceeds for the issue of ETC Securities, receive 
from the Authorised Participants an amount of the relevant underlying Metal sufficient to cover the 
aggregate initial metal entitlement per ETC Security.  
The Balancing Agreement between the Programme Counterparty and the Issuer broadly seeks to account 
for the product fee and, in respect of FX Hedged ETC Securities, any currency hedging gains or losses by 
requiring deliveries of unallocated Metal to be made between the Issuer and the Programme Counterparty 
so that, as a result of such deliveries, the amount of underlying Metal should equal the aggregate metal 
entitlement per ETC Security in respect of all outstanding ETC Securities of the relevant series on specified 
dates. However, as a result of such settlement only taking place on a periodic basis this means that the 
Issuer might at times hold an amount of underlying Metal that is more or less than the aggregate metal 
entitlement per ETC Security in respect of all outstanding ETC Securities of such series and therefore, 
securityholders will have an unsecured credit exposure to the Programme Counterparty to the extent of 
any shortfall in underlying Metal. 
The Issuer funds payments under the ETC Securities on any final or early redemption from the proceeds 
of the sale by the Metal Agent of the underlying Metal held by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the 
ETC Securities. The Metal Agent will pay the aggregate proceeds of such disposals (converted, if 
necessary, into the currency of the ETC Securities) to the Issuer (or the Issuing and Paying Agent on the 
Issuer’s behalf). The Issuer’s ability to pay the final redemption amount or the early redemption amount on 
the scheduled maturity date or early redemption date (as applicable) is dependent on its receipt of the 
disposal proceeds of the underlying Metal from the Metal Agent. Therefore, securityholders of a series are 
exposed to the creditworthiness of the Metal Agent in respect of the disposal proceeds of the underlying 
Metal. The obligations of the Metal Agent to the Issuer under the Conditions and the relevant Metal Agent 
Agreement are secured pursuant to the related Security Deed. 
Programme 
Counterparty 
 
Deutsche Bank AG 
or replacement 
Issuer 
DB ETC plc 
 
Authorised 
Participant 
 
Deutsche Bank AG 
and/or any other 
Authorised Participants 
Underlying Metal Sub-
Custodian  
 
(where applicable) 
Investor 
 
Purchases ETC 
Securities on 
exchange or from a 
market counterparty 
ETC 
Securities
Metal
Cash
ETC 
Securities
Secured Account 
Custodian / 
Subscription Account 
Custodian 
 
Deutsche Bank AG, 
JPMorgan Chase 
Metal to pay product fees 
and to meet any foreign 
exchange losses
Metal to meet any 
foreign exchange 
gains 
Metal held on 
custody for 
DB ETC plc 
 
BALANCING AGREEMENT

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
Type of securities 
Each series of ETC Securities will be in either bearer form (such ETC Securities being the “Bearer 
Securities”) or dematerialised uncertificated registered form only (such ETC Securities being the 
“Uncertificated Registered Securities”). Bearer Securities may not be exchanged for Uncertificated 
Registered Securities and vice versa. 
Bearer Securities will be represented on issue by global securities (the “Global Securities”) in either new 
global note or classic global note form. 
Uncertificated Registered Securities will be held in dematerialised uncertificated registered form in 
accordance with the uncertificated regulations and will be participating securities for the purposes thereof. 
Title to Uncertificated Registered Securities will be recorded on the register and will pass by registration in 
the register. 
Minimum Denomination 
The ETC Securities do not have a minimum denomination and are being treated by the Issuer for the 
purposes of Annex 15 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended, as having a 
minimum denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
Description of the rights attaching to the ETC Securities 
Payment of Final Redemption Amount 
Unless previously redeemed in whole or purchased and cancelled by the Issuer, the ETC Securities of 
each series will become due and payable on their scheduled maturity date at their final redemption amount. 
Interest 
No interest shall accrue and be payable on the ETC Securities. 
Status 
The ETC Securities are secured, limited recourse obligations of the Issuer, and the ETC Securities of a 
series rank equally amongst themselves. 
Security 
The obligations of the Issuer under the ETC Securities of a series will be secured pursuant to an English 
law governed security deed by security interests over the rights of the Issuer under the agreements entered 
into by it in respect of that series, including security interests over the Balancing Agreement, the Metal 
Agent Agreement and any underlying Metal. The assets and property that is the subject of such security 
interest are known as Secured Property for that series. 
The security over the Secured Property in respect of a series of ETC Securities will become enforceable if 
payment of the redemption amount in respect of such ETC Securities is not made when due on the 
scheduled maturity date or the relevant early redemption date (if applicable). 
Events of Default and Early Redemption Events 
The ETC Securities of a series may become due and payable prior to their scheduled maturity date in 
connection with the occurrence of any of the following events: 
(i) 
certain legal or regulatory changes occur in relation to the Issuer and the Issuer gives a notice of 
redemption; 
(ii) 
the Balancing Agreement is terminated in connection with an event of default or a termination event 
under a Balancing Agreement;

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
(iii) 
the Determination Agent, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Secured Account Custodian, the 
Subscription Account Custodian, the Registrar (in the case of ETC Securities in registered form), 
the Lead Authorised Participant and/or all the Authorised Participants, as applicable, resign or their 
appointment is terminated and the Issuer gives notice that no successor or replacement has been 
appointed within a 60 calendar day period; 
(iv) 
the metal entitlement per ETC Security or the value per ETC Security is not published for 14 
consecutive scheduled valuation days and the Trustee gives the relevant notice as directed by the 
requisite number of securityholders; 
(v) 
the value per ETC Security is less than or equal to 20 per cent. of the issue price as at the series 
issue date for two consecutive scheduled valuation days and the Determination Agent gives the 
relevant notice; 
(vi) 
the Issuer will, or there is a substantial likelihood that it will, be required to make a payment in 
respect of VAT or be required to account for VAT in respect of a delivery of Metal from or to an 
Authorised Participant (whether or not such VAT is recoverable); 
(vii) 
a securityholder does not, upon request, receive a firm bid price for its ETC Securities from an 
Authorised Participant for five consecutive scheduled valuation days and, following the requisite 
notices being given, such securityholder does not receive a firm bid price for the relevant ETC 
Securities during a further 20 consecutive scheduled valuation day period and the Issuer gives the 
relevant notice; 
(viii) 
a Balancing Agreement event of default occurs and is continuing with respect to the Programme 
Counterparty and the Trustee is directed by the requisite amount of securityholders to give the 
relevant notice; 
(ix) 
the Issuer becomes entitled to serve a VAT redemption event notice or a termination notice under 
the Balancing Agreement following a tax event or illegality under a Balancing Agreement and the 
Trustee gives the relevant notice as directed by the requisite number of securityholders; or 
(x) 
an event of default occurs under Condition 15 of the ETC Securities and the Trustee gives the 
relevant notice. 
With respect to (iii) above, where an Authorised Participant resigns, neither the Issuer nor any other 
Transaction Party shall be required to notify Securityholders of such resignation. 
Issuer Call Option 
The Issuer may elect to redeem a series of ETC Securities early on giving not less than 60 calendar days’ 
notice to securityholders. 
Programme Counterparty Optional Termination 
The Programme Counterparty may, on giving not less than 60 calendar days’ prior notice, terminate the 
Balancing Agreement relating to a series of ETC Securities. Termination of the Balancing Agreement will 
result in an early redemption of the relevant ETC Securities. 
Limited Recourse 
The rights of securityholders are limited in recourse to the relevant Secured Property. Any proceeds of the 
Secured Property will be applied in a pre-defined order. As a result of such provisions, the securityholders 
may not receive in full the final redemption amount or early redemption amount payable in respect of an 
ETC Security. 
Withholding Tax

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
All payments in respect of the ETC Securities shall be made net of and after allowance for any withholding 
or deduction for, or on account of, any taxes. In the event that any withholding or deduction for, or on 
account of, any taxes applies to payments in respect of the ETC Securities, the holders of ETC Securities 
will be subject to such tax or deduction and shall not be entitled to receive amounts to compensate for any 
such tax or deduction. No event of default will occur as a result of any such withholding or deduction. 
Governing Law 
ETC Securities in bearer form will be governed by English law. ETC Securities in uncertificated registered 
form will be governed by Jersey law. The security deed relating to a series of ETC Securities (whether in 
bearer or uncertificated registered form) will be governed by English law. 
Interest and yield 
No interest shall accrue and be payable on the ETC Securities. As such, there is no nominal rate of interest 
nor expected yield. 
Effect on value of underling Metal on value of ETC Securities 
The ETC Securities are backed by an underlying Metal and the value of an ETC Security is closely linked 
to the performance of that Metal. 
The ETC Securities are subject to a product fee which may be made up of two components. These are: 
• 
a base fee percentage; and 
• 
a fx hedging fee percentage which reflects a fee for the provision of the foreign exchange element. 
However, this fee is only applicable to FX Hedged ETC Securities. 
This product fee is reflected by a daily reduction in the metal entitlement per ETC Security. The value per 
ETC Security is impacted by the value of (i) the specified Metal and (ii) the fluctuation between the Metal 
Currency and the currency in which the ETC Securities are denominated. If the net movement of (i) and 
(ii) above is (A) positive and (B) equals an amount greater than the aggregate product fee, then the value 
per ETC Security will go up. If the net movement of (i) and (ii) above (A) is negative or (B) equals an 
amount less than the aggregate product fee, then value per ETC Security will go down. 
In addition, for any ETC Securities that are subject to a foreign exchange hedge, any gains or losses on 
the foreign exchange hedge will also be taken into account and will affect the value per ETC Security 
positively (in the case of a foreign exchange hedge gain) or negatively (in the case of a foreign exchange 
hedge loss). This gain or loss reflects the gain or loss that a person would have suffered if they had 
attempted to hedge their currency exposure as compared with the position they would have been in had 
they not done so. The total product fee percentage will also be different for FX Hedged ETC Securities as 
they will also include a foreign exchange hedging fee.  
The price of a Metal can go down as well as up and the performance of a Metal in any future period may 
not mirror its past performance. 
Expiration / maturity date of ETC Securities 
The Issuer has the discretion to set the Scheduled Maturity Date of a series of ETC Securities prior to the 
issue of that series of ETC Securities. The Scheduled Maturity Date of the ETC Securities will be specified 
in the Final Terms. 
Description of return on ETC Securities 
The ETC Securities are linked to the performance of a specified precious Metal.  
Final Redemption Amount

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
On the scheduled maturity date, each ETC Security will become due and payable at an amount (the “Final 
Redemption Amount”) equal to the greater of (i) the Final Metal Redemption Amount (defined below) and 
(ii) 10 per cent. of the issue price per ETC Security as at the series issue date (the “Minimum Debt 
Amount”).  
The “Final Metal Redemption Amount” is determined by multiplying (i) the metal entitlement per ETC 
Security as at the Final Redemption Valuation Date (defined below); and (ii) the weighted average prices 
at which the Metal Agent is able to sell the underlying Metal (“Average Metal Sale Price”) during the Final 
Redemption Disposal Period (defined below).  
The “Final Redemption Disposal Period” is the period from (and including) the date falling four non-
disrupted business days after the day which is the day falling 45 calendar days prior to the scheduled 
maturity date or, if such day is not a business day, the next following business day (“Final Redemption 
Valuation Date”) to (but excluding) the date falling five Business Days prior to the scheduled maturity date. 
Early Redemption Amount  
If any of the Early Redemption Events occur, each ETC Security will become due and payable at an amount 
(the “Early Redemption Amount”) equal to the greater of (i) the Early Metal Redemption Amount (defined 
below) and (ii) the Minimum Debt Amount. 
The “Early Metal Redemption Amount” is determined by multiplying (i) the metal entitlement per ETC 
Security as at the Early Redemption Valuation Date (defined below); and (ii) the Average Metal Sale Price 
during the Early Redemption Disposal Period (defined below). 
The “Early Redemption Disposal Period” is the period from (and including) the date falling four non-
disrupted business days after the occurrence of an Early Redemption Event or an event of default or, if 
such day is not a business day, the next following business day to (but excluding) the date falling five 
business days prior to the Scheduled Early Redemption Date (defined below). 
The “Scheduled Early Redemption Date” is, the earlier of (a) five business days after the first day on 
which all underlying Metal held by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of a series of ETC Securities has 
been sold by the Metal Agent and (b) the 45th calendar day following the occurrence of an Early 
Redemption Event or an event of default. 
The “Early Redemption Valuation Date” is the date of the occurrence of an Early Redemption Event or 
the date on which the Trustee gives notice of the occurrence of an event of default, or, if such day is not a 
business day, the next following business day. 
There can be no assurance that the Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount, as applicable, 
will be greater than or equal to the amount invested by any securityholder. 
If the Final Metal Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount, as applicable, falls below the Minimum 
Debt Amount, then due to the limited recourse nature of the ETC Securities, securityholders are unlikely 
to receive payment of the Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount, as applicable, in full 
and may receive zero. 
Description of final reference price of the Underlying Metal 
The Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount per ETC Security, as applicable, will be 
determined by reference to the average sale price of the underlying Metal held in respect of the series of 
ETC Securities sold during the Final Redemption Disposal Period or Early Redemption Disposal Period, 
as applicable, by the Metal Agent, net of associated deductions and taxes. The Issuer will, on or prior to 
the scheduled maturity date or Early Redemption Date, publish the determination of the Final Redemption 
Amount or Early Redemption Amount, as applicable, (which shall include publication of the price, volume 
and date of each sale of underlying Metal during the relevant redemption disposal period, including 
information on any fees, deductions and/or taxes imposed on such sale, and the determination of the

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
Average Metal Sale Price) on the website maintained on behalf of the Issuer at www.etc.dws.com or such 
other website notified by the Issuer for such series of ETC Securities from time to time. 
Description of the type of Underlying Metal and where information on the Underlying 
Metal can be found 
The underlying Metal will be one of gold, silver, platinum, palladium or rhodium. Prior to the issue of a 
series of ETC Securities, the Issuer will select the underlying Metal with respect to those Securities.  
Such underlying Metal will be held in allocated form and/or unallocated form by the Secured Account 
Custodian, Subscription Account Custodian and/or applicable sub-custodian(s). The underlying Metal 
complies with “The Good Delivery Rules for Gold and Silver Bars” published by the LBMA and “The London 
Good Delivery List” published by the LPPM (as appropriate). Further information relating to gold and silver 
can be found on the website of the LBMA at www.lbma.org.uk and further information relating to platinum 
and palladium can be found on the website of the LPPM at www.lppm.com and further information relating 
to rhodium can be found at www.etc.dws.com. 
Terms and conditions of the offer 
The ETC Securities are being made available by the Issuer for subscription only to Authorised Participants. 
Authorised Participants will pay for any such subscriptions by delivering Metal equal to the metal 
entitlement per ETC Security of the ETC Securities being subscribed. 
The issue price per ETC Security on the series issue date will be the issue price specified below and shall 
be an amount equal to the product of (A) the initial metal entitlement per ETC Security; (B) the Metal 
Reference Price with respect to the series issue date; and (C) in respect of FX Hedged ETC Securities 
only, the FX Spot Reference Level with respect to the series issue date. The issue price per ETC Security 
for any subsequent Tranche of ETC Securities issued after the series issue date will be equal to the value 
per ETC Security in respect of the relevant subscription trade date relating to such tranche.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
RISK FACTORS  
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the ETC 
Securities issued under the Programme.  
Factors which the Issuer believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with ETC Securities issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in 
ETC Securities issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay any amounts on or in 
connection with any ETC Securities may occur for other reasons and the Issuer does not represent that 
the statements below regarding the risks of holding any ETC Securities are exhaustive. Before making an 
investment decision, prospective purchasers of ETC Securities should consider carefully, in the light of 
their own financial circumstances and investment objectives, all the detailed information set out elsewhere 
in this document (including any documents incorporated by reference herein) and, in particular, the 
considerations set forth below and in the relevant Final Terms in order to reach their own views prior to 
making any investment decision. 
Prospective investors should note that the risks relating to the ETC Securities summarised in the section 
of the relevant Final Terms headed “Summary” are risks that the Issuer believes to be the most essential 
to an assessment by a prospective investor of whether to consider an investment in the ETC Securities. 
However, as the risks which the Issuer faces relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or 
may not occur in the future, prospective investors should consider not only the information on the key risks 
summarised in the section of the relevant Final Terms headed “Summary” but also, among other things, 
the risks and uncertainties described below.  
All capitalised terms used in this section “Risk Factors” shall have the meanings given to them in other 
sections of this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise defined in this section “Risk Factors” of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Risks relating to the liquidity and trading of the ETC Securities 
Market price of the ETC Securities 
General movements in local and international markets and factors that affect the investment climate and 
investor sentiment could all affect the level of trading and, therefore, the market price of the ETC Securities. 
Investors should note that general movements in markets and factors that affect the investor climate and 
investor sentiment may have different effects on each Series of ETC Securities. 
The market price of the ETC Securities will be affected by a number of factors, including, but not limited 
to: 
(i) 
the value and volatility of the Metal referenced by the ETC Securities; 
(ii) 
the value and volatility of precious metals in general; 
(iii) 
market perception, interest rates, yields and foreign exchange rates; 
(iv) 
the creditworthiness of the Metal Agent, the Programme Counterparty, the Secured Account 
Custodian, the Subscription Account Custodian, any applicable Sub-Custodian and the Authorised 
Participants; and 
(v) 
liquidity in the ETC Securities. 
Prospective investors should be aware that the Value per ETC Security and the secondary market price of 
the ETC Securities can go down as well as up throughout the term of the ETC Securities. Precious metal 
prices are generally more volatile than prices in other asset classes and the secondary market price of the 
ETC Securities may demonstrate similar volatility. Prospective investors should be aware that the Value

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
per ETC Security and market price of the ETC Securities on any Scheduled Valuation Day may not reflect 
their prior or future performance. There can be no assurance as to the future value and market price of the 
ETC Securities. 
The secondary market and limited liquidity 
The ETC Securities do not accrue and pay interest. Investors will not receive any payments under the 
Conditions in respect of the ETC Securities prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date unless the ETC Securities 
redeem early. The ETC Securities may have a long term and the only means through which an investor 
can realise value from an ETC Security prior to its Scheduled Maturity Date is to sell it to Authorised Offeror 
or to other investors on the secondary market. 
The ETC Securities will always have at least one market maker and therefore there should always be a 
market for the ETC Securities. However, the market price at which the ETC Securities trade on any stock 
exchange on which the ETC Securities are listed may not reflect accurately the price of the Underlying 
Metal. The market price of the ETC Securities will be a function of the supply and demand amongst 
investors wishing to buy and sell the ETC Securities and the bid/offer spread that market-makers (including 
Authorised Offerors) are willing to quote for the ETC Securities on any relevant stock exchange or market. 
If there is a high level of demand for a relevant Series of ETC Securities then, other things remaining equal, 
those ETC Securities are likely to trade at a premium. Authorised Participants have the right to request 
that the Issuer issues further ETC Securities of a Series. If the Authorised Participants exercise such right, 
this will increase supply and would reduce any such premium. Similarly, where the ETC Securities are 
trading at a discount, the Authorised Participants may purchase the ETC Securities on the secondary 
market and request that the Issuer buys back such ETC Securities, thus reducing the supply and potentially 
reducing such discount.  
While each Authorised Participant appointed in respect of the Programme and/or a Series of ETC 
Securities intends to make a market for the relevant Series of ETC Securities in respect of which it is 
appointed as an Authorised Participant, no Authorised Participant is obliged to make a market for any 
Series of ETC Securities (including Series in respect of which it is appointed as an Authorised Participant) 
and Authorised Participants may discontinue making a market at any time and/or may make a market on 
a different platform or offer only one way markets. Furthermore, any market in the ETC Securities may not 
be liquid. For the avoidance of doubt, whilst Authorised Participants may (but are not obliged to) act as 
market makers, not all market makers are required to be Authorised Participants. 
The price at which an investor may be able to sell ETC Securities at any time prior to their Scheduled 
Maturity Date may be substantially less than the price paid by the investor. This may occur (amongst other 
reasons) as a result of there being limited liquidity for the ETC Securities, the Value per ETC Security being 
less than the Value per ETC Security of the ETC Securities at the time the investor purchased the ETC 
Securities, the Metal not having performed sufficiently to increase or maintain the Value per ETC Security 
of the ETC Securities by such amount as is necessary to negate the Product Fee deducted since the time 
the investor purchased the ETC Securities or, in respect of FX Hedged ETC Securities, any losses suffered 
by the Issuer in respect of the currency hedging component of such ETC Securities since the time the 
investor purchased the ETC Securities. The Value per ETC Security and/or market price of the ETC 
Securities may be volatile and may fall rapidly and investors may not be able to sell their ETC Securities 
quickly and/or at a price such that the investor is able to prevent or minimise any loss of their investment. 
Prospective investors should be aware that the liquidity in Series of ETC Securities which are not listed 
and exchange-traded may be less than for Series of ETC Securities which are exchange-traded as a 
Securityholder will only be able to sell ETC Securities to the Authorised Participant(s) for the relevant 
Series or in off-exchange secondary market transactions and will not be able to sell such ETC Securities 
in secondary market transactions on an exchange. 
Prospective investors should be aware that ETC Securities requested for issue and subscribed for by an 
Authorised Participant may be held on an inventory basis by such Authorised Participant and offered for

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
sale and/or sold over a period of time. Investors should not assume that ETC Securities will automatically 
be placed with investors by the relevant Authorised Participant(s) immediately upon issue. To the extent 
that the Authorised Participants hold ETC Securities at any time, they may exercise their rights under them 
in such manner as they see fit in their own interests and need not have regard to the interests of other 
holders of ETC Securities or any other person. In particular, the Authorised Participants may vote at any 
meeting of holders of ETC Securities or approve any resolution as they see fit (including with respect to 
any changes to the terms of the ETC Securities proposed by the Issuer). 
Risks relating to the Issuer 
The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle 
The Issuer is not an operating company. The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle with the sole business of 
issuing ETC Securities. As such, the Issuer has, and will have, no assets other than (i) the small sums of 
money raised by issuing shares on the date of its incorporation, (ii) such fees (if any) as are payable to it 
in connection with the issue of any Series of ETC Securities from time to time, (iii) any amounts standing 
to the credit of the Reserve Trust Account and (iv) any rights, property or other assets on which Series of 
ETC Securities issued under the Programme are secured. This means that if the assets on which a Series 
of ETC Securities are secured are not sufficient to meet sums payable by the Issuer in respect of that 
Series, there are no other assets that are available to the Issuer to make those payments. In such 
circumstances, the holders of ETC Securities would not receive the amounts owing to them in full. 
Limited recourse obligations, non-petition and related risks 
In respect of a Series of ETC Securities, the Transaction Parties and the Securityholders will have recourse 
only to the Secured Property in respect of the relevant Series of ETC Securities, subject always to the 
Security, and not to any other assets of the Issuer. If, following realisation in full of the Secured Property 
relating to the relevant Series of ETC Securities (whether by way of liquidation or enforcement) and 
application of available cash sums as provided in Condition 7, any outstanding claim against the Issuer in 
respect of such Series of ETC Securities remains unpaid, then such outstanding claim will be extinguished 
and no debt will be owed by the Issuer in respect thereof. Following such extinguishment, none of the 
Transaction Parties, the Securityholders or any other person acting on behalf of any of them will be entitled 
to take any further steps against the Issuer or any of its officers, shareholders, corporate service providers 
or directors to recover any further sum in respect of the extinguished claim and no debt will be owed to any 
such persons by the Issuer in respect of such further sum. 
None of the Transaction Parties, the Securityholders or any person acting on behalf of any of them may, 
at any time, bring, institute or join with any other person in bringing, instituting or joining insolvency, 
administration, bankruptcy, winding-up, examinership or any other similar proceedings (whether court-
based or otherwise) in relation to the Issuer or any of its assets, and none of them will have any claim 
arising with respect to the assets and/or property attributable to any other securities issued by the Issuer 
(save for any further securities which form a single series with the ETC Securities).  
Assets held in relation to any particular Series of ETC Securities are not available to satisfy the claims of 
holders of a different Series of ETC Securities. For the avoidance of doubt, any amounts standing to the 
credit of the Reserve Trust Account are provided to the Issuer by the Arranger to be applied towards the 
costs, charges, fees or expenses incurred or to be incurred by the Issuer (including, without limitation, 
operating costs and expenses of the Issuer and the fees of the directors and corporate administrator and 
legal, accounting, audit, advisory or management fees and expenses) following the occurrence of an 
Arranger Bankruptcy Event. Such sums are held on trust for the Arranger and are not available to the 
Securityholders, Secured Creditors or Other Creditors of any Series of ETC Securities or to any general 
creditors of the Issuer.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
There is also the risk that the Issuer may become subject to claims or other liabilities (whether in respect 
of the ETC Securities or otherwise) which are not themselves subject to limited recourse or non-petition 
limitations. 
No person other than the Issuer will be obliged to make payments on the ETC Securities of any Series.  
Insolvency 
The Issuer has agreed not to engage in activities other than the issue of ETC Securities and related and 
incidental matters. Any issue of ETC Securities must be on terms that provide for the claims of the 
Securityholders and Transaction Parties in respect of such ETC Securities to be limited to the proceeds of 
the assets on which such ETC Securities are secured (see “Limited recourse obligations, non-petition and 
related risks” above). In addition, there are restrictions on the Securityholders and Transaction Parties 
bringing insolvency proceedings against the Issuer (see “Limited recourse obligations, non-petition and 
related risks” above). If such provisions are upheld, it would be unlikely that the Issuer could become 
insolvent. 
However, notwithstanding the restrictions described in Condition 8 and the limited recourse and non-
petition provisions, should the Issuer have outstanding liabilities to third parties which it is unable to 
discharge or should the limited recourse or non-petition provisions be found to be non-enforceable in a 
particular jurisdiction and as a result the Issuer becomes or is declared insolvent according to the law of 
any country having jurisdiction over it or any of its assets, the insolvency laws of that country may determine 
the validity of the claims of Securityholders and may prevent Securityholders from enforcing their rights or 
delay such enforcement. In particular, depending on the jurisdiction concerned and the nature of the assets 
and security, the Security created in favour of the Trustee may be set aside or ranked behind certain other 
creditors and the assets subject to such security may be transferred to another person free of such 
Security. 
In addition, certain jurisdictions have procedures designed to facilitate the survival of companies in financial 
difficulties. In such jurisdictions the rights of the Trustee to enforce the Security may be limited or delayed 
by such procedures. 
Risks Relating to the Contractual Features of the ETC Securities 
Potential loss of investment 
Investors may lose some or all of their investment and therefore the ETC Securities are not principal 
protected. Their Final Redemption Amount and Early Redemption Amount depend on the Value per ETC 
Security, which in turn depends on the value of the Underlying Metal and, in the case of FX Hedged ETC 
Securities, the Value per ETC Security and any gains or losses on the foreign exchange hedge. 
Regulatory Events 
The global financial crisis of 2008 onwards led to an increased regulation of financial activities. The United 
States of America, the European Union, the UK and other jurisdictions have implemented, and are still in 
the process of implementing, various reform measures. Such regulatory changes and the method of their 
implementation may have a significant effect on the operation of financial markets. In many cases, it is 
uncertain how such regulatory reform would affect the Issuer, the treatment of instruments such as the 
ETC Securities or the activities of other parties that have roles with respect to the ETC Securities, such as 
(without limitation) the Programme Counterparty, the Arranger and the Trustee. Investors should note that 
the Issuer has a general right to redeem the ETC Securities (see “Risks Relating to the Contractual 
Features of the ETC Securities” – “Issuer Call Option”) and the Programme Counterparty has a general 
right to terminate the Balancing Agreement relating to a Series of ETC Securities (see “Risks Relating to 
the Contractual Features of the ETC Securities” – “Programme Counterparty termination option”) which 
would lead to an early redemption of the relevant ETC Securities. The impact (or likely or proposed impact) 
of regulatory reform may lead the Issuer or the Programme Counterparty to exercise such right. There can

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
be no assurance that such an event will not occur and investors should be aware that, should such an 
event occur, it may lead to an early redemption of the ETC Securities. 
Redemption of the ETC Securities at maturity 
If the Final Metal Redemption Amount falls below the Minimum Debt Amount, then due to the limited 
recourse nature of the ETC Securities, Securityholders are unlikely to receive payment of the Final 
Redemption Amount in full and may receive zero. 
Change in Fee Levels 
The Programme Counterparty has certain discretions to adjust the levels of the Base Fee Percentage and 
the FX Hedging Fee Percentage (and, therefore, the Product Fee Percentage). This may potentially result 
in higher fees being applied which would reduce the return for holders of ETC Securities. 
Issuer call option 
The Issuer may at any time elect to redeem all the ETC Securities of a Series and designate an Early 
Redemption Valuation Date for such purposes, provided that the date designated as the Early Redemption 
Valuation Date may not be earlier than the 60th calendar day following the date of the relevant notice from 
the Issuer. In such circumstances, the ETC Securities of such Series will be redeemed at their Early 
Redemption Amount per ETC Security on the relevant Early Redemption Date. There can be no assurance 
that the Early Metal Redemption Amount determined following any such exercise will be such that the Early 
Redemption Amount is greater than or equal to the amount invested by an investor in the ETC Securities. 
Programme Counterparty termination option 
The Programme Counterparty relating to a Series of ETC Securities may, on giving not less than 60 
calendar days’ notice to the Issuer, elect to terminate the Balancing Agreement relating to such Series of 
ETC Securities. Such notice may only be delivered if no Balancing Agreement Event of Default with respect 
to the Programme Counterparty has occurred and is continuing under the Balancing Agreement and 
provided that no notice of termination of the relevant Balancing Agreement has already been given. In 
connection with such election, upon the termination of the Balancing Agreement an Early Redemption 
Event will occur and the ETC Securities of that Series will become due and payable at their Early 
Redemption Amount per ETC Security on the relevant Early Redemption Date. The Programme 
Counterparty shall not and is not required to consider the interests of Securityholders when exercising any 
such termination right. There can be no assurance that the Early Metal Redemption Amount determined 
in connection with the exercise of such termination right will be such that the Early Redemption Amount is 
greater than or equal to the amount invested by a Securityholder in the ETC Securities. 
Events of Default and other Early Redemption Events 
In addition, the ETC Securities of a Series may become due and payable prior to their Scheduled Maturity 
Date as further described in connection with the occurrence of any of the following events set out in 
Conditions 9 and 15 and as summarised in the section headed “Overview of the Programme” in the 
paragraph therein headed “Events of Default and Early Redemption Events”. 
Following the occurrence of an Early Redemption Event or the delivery by the Trustee of an Event of 
Default Redemption Notice in respect of an Event of Default under the Conditions of the relevant Series of 
ETC Securities, such Series of ETC Securities will become due and payable on the relevant Early 
Redemption Date at the Early Redemption Amount per ETC Security, being the greater of (i) the Early 
Metal Redemption Amount and (ii) the Minimum Debt Amount. 
If the Early Metal Redemption Amount falls below the Minimum Debt Amount, then due to the limited 
recourse nature of the ETC Securities, Securityholders are unlikely to receive payment of the Early 
Redemption Amount in full and may receive zero. This risk is potentially greater in respect of Early 
Redemption Events which are subject to an extended grace period prior to such Early Redemption Event 
taking effect (for example, the 60 calendar day period set out in paragraph (iii) above), during which time,

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
particularly in a distressed market, it is possible that the Underlying Metal may have depreciated in value 
to such an extent that the ETC Securities have minimal or zero value. 
The Issuer’s ability to make the payments due under the Conditions relating to the ETC Securities on their 
early redemption is entirely dependent on its receipt of (i) any amount of unallocated Metal outstanding 
from the Programme Counterparty pursuant to the relevant Balancing Agreement; and (ii) disposal 
proceeds of the Underlying Metal from the Metal Agent. Accordingly, the Issuer and the Securityholders of 
a Series are exposed to the creditworthiness of (A) the Programme Counterparty to the extent of any 
shortfall of the Underlying Metal compared to the Aggregate Final Metal Entitlement; and (B) the Metal 
Agent in respect of the disposal proceeds of the Underlying Metal. If the Issuer does not pay the Early 
Redemption Amount in full on the Early Redemption Date of the ETC Securities, the Trustee may (subject 
to the terms of the relevant Security Deed) enforce the security under the Security Deed relating to the 
relevant ETC Securities. However, if, following the realisation in full of the Secured Property relating to the 
relevant Series of ETC Securities (whether by way of liquidation or enforcement) and application of 
available cash sums as provided in Condition 7, there are any outstanding claims against the Issuer in 
respect of such Series of ETC Securities which remain unpaid, then such outstanding claim will be 
extinguished and no debt will be owed by the Issuer in respect thereof. In such circumstances investors in 
the ETC Securities may not receive back their investment and may receive zero. 
Disruption Events 
If the Programme Counterparty and/or the Determination Agent gives a Disruption Event Notice in respect 
of a Business Day, then the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security and the Value per ETC Security will not 
be published in respect of such Business Day. 
If the Programme Counterparty or the Determination Agent determines that a Disruption Event has 
occurred or exists with respect to the Early Redemption Valuation Date or the Final Redemption Valuation 
Date, such date may be postponed for up to 10 Business Days (after which, if no Scheduled Valuation Day 
has occurred, the Programme Counterparty may determine the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security as at 
the Early Redemption Valuation Date or the Final Redemption Valuation Date (as applicable)). 
The determination of the occurrence or existence of a Disruption Event by the Programme Counterparty 
or the Determination Agent may also result in the extension of a Redemption Disposal Period and will 
result in the postponement of the acceptance of Subscription Orders and Buy-Back Orders. The 
occurrence of 10 consecutive Disrupted Days may also lead to the early redemption of the ETC Securities. 
In respect of FX Hedged ETC Securities, the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security on the first Scheduled 
Valuation Day following the determination of the occurrence or existence of a Disruption Event may also 
be calculated in accordance with an adjusted method in accordance with Condition 10(e). 
Therefore, Securityholders should be aware that the delivery of a Disruption Event Notice by the 
Programme Counterparty or the Determination Agent may have an adverse effect on the quantum and on 
the timing of the calculation and publication of the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security and the Value per 
ETC Security of the ETC Securities and may result in the early redemption of the ETC Securities. 
Taxation and no gross-up 
Each Securityholder will assume and be solely responsible for any and all Taxes of any jurisdiction or 
governmental or regulatory authority, including, without limitation, any state or local Taxes or other like 
assessment or charges that may be applicable to any payment to it in respect of the ETC Securities. In the 
event that any withholding or deduction for or on account of Tax is imposed on payments on the ETC 
Securities, the Securityholders will be subject to such tax or deduction and will not be entitled to receive 
amounts to compensate for such withholding or deduction. No Event of Default will occur as a result of any 
such withholding or deduction. 
Transfers of Metal to or from the Issuer under the Balancing Agreement or the Authorised Participant 
Agreement or transfers of the sale proceeds of Underlying Metal to the Issuer under the Metal Agent

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
Agreement in relation to a Series of ETC Securities may be subject to charges, withholding or deduction 
for, or on account of, Taxes (including VAT). In such circumstances the sums available to the Issuer (and/or 
the Trustee) to pay the Final Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount may not be sufficient 
to satisfy in full the claims of the Securityholders and all creditors whose claims rank in priority to those of 
the Securityholders. 
The Issuer may become liable for Tax charges or be required to account for Tax whether by direct 
assessment or withholding. If any such event occurs as a result of a change in law or regulation that 
materially increases the cost to the Issuer of performing its obligations under the ETC Securities and/or 
the Balancing Agreement or makes it illegal for the Issuer to do the same or to hold, acquire or dispose of 
the Metal, the ETC Securities may become subject to early redemption. 
Meetings of Securityholders, resolutions, modification, waivers and substitution 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for calling meetings of Securityholders to consider matters affecting 
their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Securityholders including 
Securityholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or in respect of the relevant resolution 
and Securityholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. As a result, you may be bound by a 
change to the Conditions or by some other decision that affects your investment in the ETC Securities 
even though you have not agreed to such change. 
In addition, to the extent that the consent of the Trustee is required under the Conditions or the Trust Deed, 
the Trustee may, in certain circumstances and without the consent of Securityholders, (i) agree to certain 
modifications of, or the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, the Conditions or any 
of the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Security Deed, the Balancing Agreement and/or any other 
Transaction Document to which the Trustee is a party, (ii) determine that any Event of Default or Potential 
Event of Default will not be treated as such or (iii) agree to the substitution of another company as principal 
obligor under any ETC Securities in place of the Issuer provided that such waiver or substitution is not, in 
the opinion of the Trustee, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Securityholders. To the extent that 
the consent of the Trustee is required under the Conditions or the relevant Trust Deed, the Trustee may 
also agree, without the consent of the Securityholders, to any modification to the Conditions, the Trust 
Deed, the Security Deed and/or the Balancing Agreement which is, in the opinion of the Trustee, of a 
formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error. Any such action by the Trustee as 
is described in this paragraph may result in your being bound by a change to the Conditions or by some 
other decision that affects your investment in the ETC Securities even though you have not agreed to such 
change. 
Prospective investors should note that in certain circumstances the Issuer and the relevant Transaction 
Party may take certain actions and certain amendments may be made to the terms of the ETC Securities 
and/or the relevant Transaction Documents without the requirement for the approval of Securityholders by 
way of an Extraordinary Resolution of Securityholders or the consent of the Trustee. Again, this may result 
in your being bound by a change to the Conditions or by some other decision that affects your investment 
in the ETC Securities even though you have not agreed to such change. 
These include (without limitation): 
(i) 
the transfer of Metal to the Programme Counterparty under the Balancing Agreement and to an 
Authorised Participant under the Authorised Participant Agreement and the related release of 
Security provided such transfer and release is effected in accordance with the terms of the 
Balancing Agreement and the Authorised Participant Agreement (as applicable);  
(ii) 
changes to the Product Fee Percentage at any time (whether due to a change in the Base Fee 
Percentage or the FX Hedging Fee Percentage);

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
(iii) 
the appointment of an additional or replacement Transaction Party provided such appointment or 
replacement is effected in accordance with the Conditions and the applicable Transaction 
Document(s); 
(iv) 
the substitution of the relevant Price Source with a Successor Price Source pursuant to Condition 
11; 
(v) 
the transfer, novation or assignment of the relevant Balancing Agreement pursuant to Condition 
12(b);  
(vi) 
the increase of the Programme Maximum Number of ETC Securities; and 
(vii) 
the amendment(s) to any term of the Conditions or any Transaction Document which relate(s) to an 
operational or procedural issue. 
Securityholder directions 
The Conditions of the ETC Securities permit the holders of one-fifth or more of the outstanding number of 
ETC Securities of a Series following the occurrence of an Event of Default, a Publication Failure Event, a 
Balancing Agreement Event of Default with respect of the Programme Counterparty, the Issuer becoming 
entitled to serve a VAT Redemption Event Notice or a termination notice under the Balancing Agreement 
following a Balancing Agreement Tax Event or a Balancing Agreement Illegality and at any time after the 
Security has become enforceable to direct the Trustee to deliver a notice or take such other action in 
accordance with the Conditions, whereupon that Series of ETC Securities will become due and payable at 
their Early Redemption Amount on the relevant Early Redemption Date and/or the Security will be enforced 
by the Trustee, as applicable. Prospective investors should be aware, however, that the Trustee will not 
be obliged to take any step or action or to act in accordance with any such direction unless the Trustee 
has been pre-funded and/or secured and/or indemnified to its satisfaction by one or more Securityholders. 
This may result in a delay in any step or action being taken by the Trustee and, if the Securityholders 
cannot put adequate arrangements in place, in no step or action being taken by the Trustee. 
Exchange rates and exchange controls 
The Issuer will make payments in respect of the relevant Series of ETC Securities in the Specified 
Currency. This will create currency conversion risks if an investor’s financial activities are denominated 
principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. 
These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation 
of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with 
jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the 
value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor’s 
Currency-equivalent return on the ETC Securities, (ii) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the 
amount(s) payable on the ETC Securities and (iii) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of the 
ETC Securities. 
Risks relating to the Balancing Agreement  
Securityholders of a Series of FX Hedged ETC Securities are exposed to the creditworthiness of 
the Programme Counterparty 
As a result of settlement under the Balancing Agreement only taking place on a periodic basis, the Issuer 
might at times hold an amount of Underlying Metal that is more or less than the aggregate Metal Entitlement 
per ETC Security in respect of all outstanding ETC Securities of such Series. 
In addition, it should be noted that the deliveries required under the Balancing Agreement are not adjusted 
to reflect subscriptions and buy-backs of ETC Securities that are pending but have not settled at the 
relevant Observation Date. Such subscriptions and buy-backs would only be taken into account on the 
next following Observation Date. As a result, this might also cause the amount of Underlying Metal held

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
by the Issuer to be more or less than the aggregate Metal Entitlement per ETC Security in respect of all 
outstanding ETC Securities of such Series.  
Where the amount of Underlying Metal held by the Issuer is less than the aggregate Metal Entitlement per 
ETC Security in respect of all outstanding ETC Securities of such Series (which is primarily expected to 
occur in respect of FX Hedged ETC Securities where the Issuer has made a gain on the currency hedging 
component but which may also occur as a result of buy-backs that are pending but which have not settled 
at the relevant Observation Date) then the Issuer and, therefore the Securityholders, will have an 
unsecured credit exposure to the Programme Counterparty. Any failure by the Programme Counterparty 
to deliver the amounts of unallocated Metal required by the Balancing Agreement may lead to the early 
redemption of the ETC Securities and may also result in the Issuer not being able to pay the Final 
Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount in full. Therefore, Securityholders of a Series of FX 
Hedged ETC Securities are exposed to the creditworthiness of the Programme Counterparty.  
Additionally, as the transfers contemplated under the Balancing Agreement require the transfer of Metal in 
unallocated form, this may require the Issuer to de-allocate Underlying Metal held in allocated form in 
advance of a settlement of a transfer required to be made by the Issuer, or result in the Issuer holding 
Underlying Metal in unallocated form (prior to allocation by the Secured Account Custodian) after receipt 
of a transfer from the Programme Counterparty. Holdings of Underlying Metal in unallocated form are 
subject to the risks described in the risk factor entitled “Metal held in unallocated accounts is not segregated 
from the Secured Account Custodian’s or the Subscription Account Custodian’s other assets in the case 
of insolvency” below. 
Transfer of Balancing Agreement by the Programme Counterparty 
The Programme Counterparty may, subject to certain conditions, transfer the Balancing Agreement to a 
single Eligible Counterparty. A transferee will be an Eligible Counterparty if it has a rating equal to or higher 
than the lower of the long-term issuer ratings given to the Programme Counterparty as at the relevant 
Series Issue Date by the Rating Agencies as specified in the relevant Final Terms (or the equivalent rating 
from any other Rating Agency). In such circumstances the Issuer and therefore the Securityholders will be 
exposed to the creditworthiness of the transferee rather than the creditworthiness of the Programme 
Counterparty. 
Risks relating to the Metals and Foreign Exchange Hedging 
Precious Metal linked securities 
The ETC Securities are precious metal linked securities.  
Prospective investors should be aware that the price of a Metal can go down as well as up and that the 
performance of a Metal in any future period may not mirror its past performance. There can be no 
assurance as to the future performance of any Metal to which the ETC Securities are linked. 
The Value per ETC Security of the ETC Securities incorporates a deduction for Product Fees and, in the 
case of FX Hedged ETC Securities, a currency hedging component, both of which affect how closely the 
ETC Securities track the price of the relevant Metal. Due to this and other factors, the ETC Securities may 
trade differently from the performance of the Metal to which the ETC Securities are linked and changes in 
the market price of the Metal may not result in a comparable change in the market price or in the Value 
per ETC Security of the ETC Securities. 
The performance of a precious metal is dependent upon macroeconomic factors such as supply and 
demand, liquidity, natural disasters, direct investment costs, location and changes in tax rates and changes 
in laws, regulations and the activities of governmental or regulatory bodies. See “Risks related to Precious 
Metals” below.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
An investment in the ETC Securities linked to a Metal is not the same as investing directly and physically 
holding the relevant Metal. This is because while holding an inventory of physical precious metals may 
have certain economic benefits (for example, a jewellery firm could use a reserve of gold for the 
continuation of its operations), it also poses administrative burdens and costs, including those arising from 
the need to store, arrange security for or transport physical precious metals. These administrative burdens 
and costs may prove unattractive to investors who are interested solely in the price movement of precious 
metals. Each Series of ETC Securities permits an investor to obtain exposure to the prices of precious 
metals without being directly subject to these administrative burdens and costs (although an investor in 
ETC Securities will incur a fee represented by the deduction of the Product Fee in determining the Metal 
Entitlement per ETC Security). However, an investor in a product linked to precious metals can be indirectly 
exposed to the administrative burdens and costs mentioned above, as these may be reflected in the prices 
at which the precious metals can be bought and therefore in the price of the ETC Securities.  
Shortage of Physical Metal 
Metal markets, particularly in platinum, palladium and rhodium have the potential to suffer from market 
disruption or volatility caused by shortages of physical metal. Such events could result in sudden increases 
in Metal prices for a short period (also known as price spikes). Price spiking can also result in volatile 
forward rates and lease rates which could result in the bid/offer spread (the difference between the bid 
price (i.e. the price at which a holder can sell ETC Securities to the Authorised Participant) and the offer 
price (i.e. the price at which a holder can buy ETC Securities from the Authorised Participant)) on any stock 
exchange or market where the ETC Securities are traded to widen, reflecting short-term forward rates in 
the Metal. 
The recent growth of investment products offering investors an exposure to precious metals (including 
products similar to the ETC Securities and the ETC Securities themselves) may significantly change the 
supply and demand profile of the market from that which has traditionally prevailed. Changes in supply 
and demand for such investment products will directly impact on the supply and demand in the market for 
the underlying precious metals. This may have the effect of increasing volatility in the price and supply of 
the relevant previous metals. Such products require the purchase and sale of the relevant precious metal, 
and, depending on the success of such products, this may lead to a substantial increase in the volume of 
transactions. 
Liquidity Risk 
The market price of the ETC Securities will be a function of the supply and demand amongst investors 
wishing to buy and sell the ETC Securities and the bid/offer spread that market-makers are willing to quote 
for the ETC Securities on any relevant stock exchange or market. If there is a high level of demand for a 
relevant Series of ETC Securities then, other things remaining equal, those ETC Securities are likely to 
trade at a premium. Authorised Participants have the right (but not the obligation) to require the Issuer to 
issue further ETC Securities of a Series. If the Authorised Participants exercise such right, this will increase 
supply and would reduce any such premium. Investors who buy ETC Securities at a premium risk losing 
such premium if demand for such Series of ETC Securities abates, when new ETC Securities of an existing 
Series of ETC Securities are issued or new Metal is sold into the open market. 
Redemption Amounts and Early Redemption Amounts are calculated and paid irrespective of the 
current Metal price 
The Metal Agent will sell Underlying Metal during the Redemption Disposal Period and the prices obtained 
in such sales will affect the determination of the Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount 
(as applicable). During the Redemption Disposal Period, the Metal Agent will sell the Underlying Metal at 
the then-current Metal prices. Assuming all other factors remain constant, lower Metal prices during the 
Redemption Disposal Period will lead to a lower Redemption Amount and Early Redemption Amount. 
Investors may lose some or all of their investment if the relevant Underlying Metal falls in value (or does 
not perform well enough to offset the deduction of fees, or in the case of FX Hedged ETC Securities, any

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
foreign exchange hedge losses) – the greater the fall in value of the Underlying Metal, the greater the loss 
of an investor’s investment. 
No confirmation of the fineness or weight required by the standards of the LBMA or the LPPM 
None of the Trustee, the Determination Agent, the Secured Account Custodian or any applicable Sub-
Custodian independently confirms the fineness or weight of the Underlying Metal held in allocated form in 
the Secured Allocated Account. Such Underlying Metal may be different from the reported fineness or 
weight required by the relevant standards of the LBMA or the LPPM, as the case may be, for Metal to be 
delivered in settlement of a trade in such Metal, and any shortfall in the required fineness or weight of 
allocated Underlying Metal may adversely affect the value of the ETC Securities. 
Purchasing or selling activity in the market may cause temporary increases or decreases in the 
price of Metal, which may have an adverse effect on the value of the ETC Securities 
Purchasing activity associated with acquiring Metal required for the Authorised Participant to subscribe for 
ETC Securities of a relevant Series may temporarily increase the market price for the relevant Metal, which 
may result in a higher Value per ETC Security for certain periods of time. Other market participants may 
attempt to benefit from an increase in the market price of the relevant Metal due to increased purchasing 
activity of the relevant Metal connected with the issuance of new securities of a Series of ETC Securities 
which could result in a temporarily higher Value per ETC Security.  
Conversely, selling activity by the Issuer following the Final Redemption Valuation Date or, where relevant, 
an Early Redemption Valuation Date, may be observed and or predicted by other market participants who 
may attempt to benefit by purchasing any relevant Metal at artificially lower prices than would have 
occurred had no such Final Redemption Valuation Date or Early Redemption Valuation Date occurred or 
by short selling the relevant Metal (selling borrowed Metal with the intention of buying it back at a later date 
at a lower price), which may have the effect of lowering the price of the Metal.  
Impact of Foreign Exchange Hedging 
If a Series of ETC Securities is denominated in a currency other than the Metal Currency, the Metal 
Entitlement per ETC Security of such ETC Securities will include a currency hedging component to convert 
the value of the Metal denominated in the Metal Currency into the same currency as that in which the ETC 
Securities are denominated. For the purposes of the Conditions, such ETC Securities are FX Hedged ETC 
Securities. The formula for calculation of the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security of FX Hedged ETC 
Securities will reflect the effect of a rolling currency hedge generally entered into on each Scheduled 
Valuation Day. Such currency hedge typically involves the notional forward sale of the Metal Currency and 
purchase of the currency in which the ETC Securities are denominated and is designed to reduce the 
exposure of the Metal (and, therefore, the ETC Securities) to exchange rate fluctuations between such 
currencies. However, such hedges do not fully eliminate exchange rate risks or fluctuations and, depending 
on movements in exchange rates, such currency hedging might have a negative impact on the Value per 
ETC Security. 
Metal held in unallocated accounts is not segregated from the Secured Account Custodian’s or the 
Subscription Account Custodian’s other assets in the case of insolvency 
Underlying Metal which is held as part of the subscription, redemption or buy-back process for any time in 
the Secured Unallocated Account or the Subscription Account will not give the Issuer proprietary rights to 
specific Metal bars, ingots or other metal shapes and the Issuer will be an unsecured creditor of the 
Secured Account Custodian (with respect to the amount of Underlying Metal held in the Secured 
Unallocated Account) or the Subscription Account Custodian (with respect to the amount of Underlying 
Metal held in the Subscription Account). In addition, if the Secured Account Custodian fails to allocate any 
Underlying Metal in a timely manner, in the proper amounts or otherwise in accordance with the terms of 
the Custody Agreement for Secured Accounts or if the Sub-Custodian of the Secured Account Custodian 
fails to segregate Underlying Metal held on behalf of the Secured Account Custodian, then such Underlying 
Metal would be in unallocated form, and the Issuer would be an unsecured creditor of the Secured Account

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
Custodian with respect to the amount of Underlying Metal so held in the event of an insolvency of the 
Secured Account Custodian. In the event that the Secured Account Custodian or the Subscription Account 
Custodian becomes insolvent, the Secured Account Custodian’s assets or the Subscription Account 
Custodian’s assets (as applicable) may not be sufficient to satisfy a claim by the Issuer or the Trustee for 
the amount of Underlying Metal held in the Secured Unallocated Account or Subscription Account (as 
applicable).  
In the event of an insolvency of the Secured Account Custodian or any Sub-Custodian, a liquidator may 
seek to freeze access to any allocated Metal held by the Issuer via the Secured Account Custodian or any 
such Sub-Custodian, and even though title could be properly ascertained to belong to the Issuer, the Issuer 
could incur expenses in connection with asserting such claims. 
Certain Metal held in the Subscription Account is not secured in favour of the Trustee in respect of 
a Series of ETC Securities 
In advance of an issue of ETC Securities to an Authorised Participant, such Authorised Participant will 
deliver Metal to the Issuer’s Subscription Account in satisfaction of its obligation to transfer the Initial Metal 
Entitlement per ETC Security to the Issuer in respect of each ETC Security to be issued. Upon the issue 
of such ETC Securities to the relevant Authorised Participant, such Metal will form part of the Secured 
Property with respect to such Series of ETC Securities and upon notification to the Subscription Account 
Custodian of such issue of ETC Securities, shall be transferred by the Subscription Account Custodian to 
the Secured Accounts. Unallocated Metal credited to the Subscription Account only forms part of the 
Secured Property with respect to such Series of ETC Securities following the issue of ETC Securities in 
respect of the Subscription Order to which such Metal relates and prior to such issue of ETC Securities, 
will not be available to the Trustee on behalf of the Securityholders of such Series of ETC Securities upon 
any enforcement of the Security with respect to such Series of ETC Securities. 
Reliance on the records of the Secured Account Custodian and the Subscription Account 
Custodian 
The definitive records of the Secured Account Custodian in respect of the Secured Unallocated Account 
and the Secured Allocated Account and of the Subscription Account Custodian in respect of the 
Subscription Account are prepared by members of their bullion operations teams and their computer 
systems which track the amount of Underlying Metal in each account for each relevant Series of ETC 
Securities. In the event that there are computer system failures or human error making any relevant entries 
to the records, then in the event of an insolvency of the Secured Account Custodian or the Subscription 
Account Custodian it may be difficult to determine the accuracy of any entries and such determination may 
take significant time. 
VAT might become chargeable on transfers of Metal 
If the Issuer is required to make payments in respect of VAT or required to account for VAT in respect of 
transfers of Metal, this may adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations under the ETC 
Securities in full.  
The Issuer may appoint a tax representative to manage its VAT compliance requirements and therefore 
an additional cost to the programme will be reflected in determining the investment returns. 
Prospective investors should refer to the section entitled “Commonly Asked Questions”, and in particular 
to question 38, for a more detailed analysis of VAT on the transfer of Metal. 
Disruption of markets on which precious metals are traded 
Any disruption to the over-the-counter market of the LBMA or the LPPM (as relevant) or the primary 
exchange or trading facility for trading of the relevant Metal can affect the price of such Metal and the Value 
per ETC Security of the ETC Securities. Markets, exchanges and trading facilities have the potential to 
suffer from market disruption, due to trading failures or other events. Such events could result in a failure 
to price the Metal and this may result in non-calculation and non-publication of the Metal Entitlement per

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
ETC Security and/or the Value per ETC Security of the ETC Securities. If such ETC Securities are FX 
Hedged ETC Securities, such disruption may also lead to the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security being 
calculated in accordance with an adjusted method which reflects the effect of the rolling currency hedge 
during such disruption of trading in the relevant Metal. 
Disruption of foreign exchange markets 
In respect of FX Hedged ETC Securities, any disruption to the trading in foreign exchange contracts 
between the currency of the Metal and the currency in which the Series of ETC Securities are denominated 
or the non-publication of foreign exchange rates can affect the price of such foreign exchange contracts 
and the Value per ETC Security of the ETC Securities. Such disruption could result in non-calculation and 
non-publication of the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security and/or the Value per ETC Security of the ETC 
Securities for the period of disruption. 
Risks related to Precious Metals  
Risks relating to the performance of a precious metal 
Precious metals markets have historically displayed recurring periods of rising prices (bull markets) and 
falling prices (bear markets). These periods have tended to last for a significant period of time. For 
example, the last lengthy bear market persisted for approximately 25 years. In 1998, prices in a number of 
precious metals were at, or near, all-time lows. Since 1998, precious metals markets had generally 
experienced a period of rising prices, despite price corrections in 2008 and 2011. However, broad based 
precious metals price declines began in, and have continued since, 2014 and such declines may continue 
or become worse. Prospective investors should be aware of the risk that precious metals markets may be 
entering a longer period of falling prices, which would have a negative effect on the Value per ETC Security 
and the market price of the ETC Securities, and which period may persist for the remaining term of the 
ETC Securities. Prospective investors should be aware that any such price fall may be rapid.  
The performance of a precious metal is dependent upon various factors, including (without limitation) 
supply and demand, liquidity, natural disasters, direct investment costs, location, changes in tax rates and 
changes in laws, regulations and the activities of governmental or regulatory bodies, each as set out in 
more detail below. Precious metal prices tend to be more volatile than most other asset categories, making 
investments in precious metals riskier and more complex than other investments. Some of the factors 
affecting the price of precious metals are: 
(i) 
Supply and demand. Precious metals are typically considered a finite rather than a renewable 
resource. If supplies of a precious metal increase the price of the precious metal will typically fall 
and vice versa if all other factors remain constant. Similarly, if demand for a precious metal 
increases the price of the precious metal will typically increase and vice versa if all other factors 
remain constant. The planning and management of precious metal supplies is very time-consuming. 
This means that the scope for action on the supply side is limited and it is not always possible to 
adjust production swiftly to take account of demand. Demand can also vary on a regional basis. 
Transport costs for precious metals in regions where they are needed also affect their prices. In 
relation to the use of precious metals in jewellery and/or for other non-industrial uses, substitutes 
may become more accepted over time. In relation to the use of precious metals in industrial 
processes, alternatives or substitutes may be identified, become cheaper and/or more readily 
available. In both cases, this may result in a decrease in the demand for such precious metal and a 
decrease in the price thereof. 
(ii) 
Liquidity. Not all markets in precious metals are liquid and able to quickly and adequately react to 
changes in supply and demand. The fact that there are only a few market participants in the precious 
metals markets means that speculative investments can have negative consequences and may 
distort prices.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
(iii) 
Natural disasters. The occurrence of natural disasters can influence the supply of certain precious 
metals. This kind of supply crisis can lead to severe and unpredictable price fluctuations. Diseases 
and epidemics (including the measures to contain them, such as quarantines or other restrictive 
measures) can also influence the prices of certain precious metals. In particular, the rapid spread 
of the coronavirus (“COVID-19”) at the beginning of 2020 resulted in a significant deterioration of 
the global economic and financial situation and may result in increased volatility in the prices of such 
precious metals, which may in turn have a negative impact on the Value per ETC Security and 
accordingly the market price of the ETC Securities. 
(iv) 
Direct investment costs. Direct investments in precious metals involve storage, security, 
insurance and tax costs. Moreover, no interest or dividends are paid on precious metals. The returns 
from investments in precious metals are therefore influenced by these factors. 
(v) 
Location. Precious metals are often produced in emerging market countries, with demand coming 
principally from industrialised nations. The political and economic situation is, however, far less 
stable in many emerging market countries than in the developed world. They are generally much 
more susceptible to the risks of rapid political change and economic setbacks. Political crises can 
affect purchaser confidence, which can, as a consequence, affect precious metal prices. Armed 
conflicts can also impact on the supply and demand for certain precious metals. It is also possible 
for industrialised nations to impose embargos on imports and exports of goods and services. This 
can directly and indirectly impact precious metal prices. Furthermore, precious metal producers may 
establish organisations or cartels in order to regulate supply and influence prices. 
(vi) 
Changes in tax rates. Changes in tax rates and customs duties may have a positive or a negative 
impact on the profit margins of precious metal producers. When these costs are passed on to 
purchasers, these changes will affect prices. 
(vii) 
Changes in exchange rates and interest rates. Changes in exchange rates and interest rates 
may have a positive or negative impact on the price, demand, production costs, direct investment 
costs of precious metals and the returns from investments in precious metals are therefore 
influenced by and may be correlated to these factors. 
(viii) 
Laws, regulation and action of regulatory bodies. Changes in law and regulation and/or the 
action of any applicable government or regulatory body may have a positive or a negative impact 
on precious metal prices and on any of the factors listed above. 
The Value per ETC Security of the ETC Securities will be affected by movements in precious metal prices 
generally and by the way in which those prices affect the Metal to which the ETC Securities are linked. 
Crises may precipitate large-scale sell-offs of Metal which could lead to a fall in the Metal price and 
consequently a decrease in the Value per ETC Security of the ETC Securities 
The possibility of large-scale distressed sales of Metal in times of crisis may have a short to medium term 
effect on the price of the Metal and adversely affect the Value per ETC Security of the ETC Securities. For 
example, the 1998 Asian financial crisis led to individuals selling gold which in turn caused the gold price 
to become depressed. Similar events could occur in the future. 
Sales of Metal by national and supranational organisations could adversely affect the Value per 
ETC Security of the ETC Securities 
Central banks, other government agencies and supranational organisations, such as the International 
Monetary Fund, that buy, sell and hold precious metals as part of their reserve assets may decide to sell 
a portion of their assets, which are not normally subject to use in the open market via swaps or leases or 
mobilised in other ways. A number of central banks, including the Bank of England, have sold significant 
portions of their gold in the past, which means that governmental and supranational organisations could 
be net suppliers to the open market. If there are sales of gold or other precious metals by the public sector 
to the private sector there may be a glut of supply over demand, leading to a lower price on the open

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
market for a relevant precious metal and consequently a decrease in the Value per ETC Security of a 
relevant Series of ETC Securities.  
Further, as the price of some precious metals are correlated to some extent (i.e. there is some linkage in 
the prices of the precious metals – for example, an increase in the price of gold might also lead to an 
increase in the price of platinum as they are both seen by the financial markets as ways to hedge against 
inflation), a significant sale, for instance, of gold by central banks, other government agencies or 
supranational organisations could lead to a decline in the market price of other precious metals and 
consequently a decrease in the Value per ETC Security of a relevant Series of ETC Securities. 
The Central Bank Gold Agreement may not be renewed 
The European central bank signatories to the fourth Central Bank Gold Agreement (the “CBGA”) decided 
not to renew the CBGA upon its expiry on 26 September 2019 for a period of five years. Under the CBGA, 
the signatory central banks committed themselves to the coordination of all gold transactions over the 
CBGA’s period of validity on a collective basis in order to avoid market disturbances. The decision not to 
renew the CBGA may lead to substantial, uncoordinated sales of gold on the open market, a decrease in 
the price of gold (and possibly other precious metals) and consequently a decrease in the Value per ETC 
Security of the ETC Securities in respect of which the Metal is Gold (and possibly ETC Securities in respect 
of which the Metal is Silver, Platinum, Palladium or Rhodium).  
Risks relating to the Metal Agent, the Secured Account Custodian, the Subscription 
Account Custodian and relevant Sub-Custodians 
Securityholders of a Series are exposed to the creditworthiness of the Metal Agent in respect of 
the disposal proceeds of the Underlying Metal 
The ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the ETC Securities depends on the receipt by it (or 
the Issuing and Paying Agent on its behalf) of the net proceeds of the liquidation of Underlying Metal by 
the Metal Agent shortly before the Scheduled Maturity Date or the Early Redemption Date (as applicable). 
If the Metal Agent does not pay in full the amount payable under the Metal Agent Agreement when due in 
connection with the redemption of the ETC Securities the Security under the ETC Securities may become 
enforceable. However, if, following realisation in full of the Secured Property relating to the ETC Securities 
(whether by way of liquidation or enforcement) and application of available cash sums as provided in 
Condition 7, there are any outstanding claims against the Issuer in respect of such ETC Securities which 
remain unpaid, then such outstanding claim will be extinguished and no debt will be owed by the Issuer in 
respect thereof. In such circumstances investors in the ETC Securities may not receive back their 
investment and may receive zero. Therefore, Securityholders of a Series are exposed to the 
creditworthiness of the Metal Agent in respect of the disposal proceeds of the Underlying Metal.  
Securityholders of a Series are exposed to the creditworthiness of the Secured Account Custodian, 
the Subscription Account Custodian (and/or any relevant Sub-Custodian) 
The Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations with respect to the ETC Securities will be dependent upon receipt 
by the Issuer of deliveries from the Secured Account Custodian (and of the deliveries from the Subscription 
Account Custodian to the Secured Account Custodian) and performance by the Secured Account 
Custodian of its obligations under the relevant Custody Agreement for Secured Accounts and the 
Subscription Account Custodian of its obligations under the relevant Custody Agreement for the 
Subscription Account. Consequently, the Securityholders are also relying on the creditworthiness of the 
Secured Account Custodian, the Subscription Account Custodian (and/or any relevant Sub-Custodian). In 
the event of a bankruptcy or insolvency of the Secured Account Custodian or the Subscription Account 
Custodian (or any relevant Sub-Custodian), there can be no assurance that the Issuer will be able to obtain 
delivery of and/or realise the property held with the Secured Account Custodian, Subscription Account 
Custodian or relevant Sub-Custodian on a timely basis. In addition, although in the accounts of the Secured

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
Account Custodian maintained for the Issuer the Secured Account Custodian is required to segregate any 
allocated Metal with respect to one Series of ETC Securities from any Metal held for any other Series of 
ETC Securities and from any assets held in other client accounts or for their own account, Securityholders 
will be at risk if the Secured Account Custodian does not, in practice, maintain such a segregation. Similar 
issues may arise with respect to any Sub-Custodian used. 
Custody and Insurance  
All Underlying Metal held in allocated form will be held by the Secured Account Custodian or applicable 
Sub-Custodian in each case in its vaults in London. Access to such Underlying Metal could be restricted 
by, without limitation, natural events, such as earthquakes or diseases and epidemics (including the 
measures to contain them, such as quarantines or other restrictive measures in connection with the rapid 
spread of COVID-19), or human activities, such as political protests or terrorist attacks. 
None of the Secured Account Custodian, the Subscription Account Custodian or any relevant Sub-
Custodian will have any duty or obligation to insure any Metal held or received by it against any risk 
(including the risk of theft, loss, damage, destruction or misdelivery). Neither the Secured Account 
Custodian nor the Subscription Account Custodian will be liable to the Issuer or any Securityholder or any 
other person for any loss or destruction or depreciation in the value of any Metal held or received by it, or 
(in the case of Underlying Metal in allocated form) held by a Sub-Custodian for it, unless such loss, 
destruction or depreciation is the direct result of the Secured Account Custodian’s or the Subscription 
Account Custodian’s negligence, fraud, bad faith or wilful misconduct. Neither the Secured Account 
Custodian nor the Subscription Account Custodian is responsible for the acts, omissions, defaults or 
insolvency of any third party including in the case of the Secured Account Custodian (but not limited to), 
any Sub-Custodian. The Secured Account Custodian will only be responsible for losses suffered by the 
Issuer as a direct result of its negligence, fraud, bad faith or wilful default in the appointment and monitoring 
of any non-affiliated Sub-Custodian. Otherwise, the Secured Account Custodian is not liable for any act or 
omission, or for the solvency, of any non-affiliated Sub-Custodian. The Trustee shall not be responsible 
for ensuring that adequate insurance arrangements have been made and in particular for insuring any 
Metal in any unallocated or allocated accounts, or making any enquiry regarding such matters.  
Therefore, there is a risk that Underlying Metal held in allocated form could be lost, damaged or stolen and 
the Issuer would not be able to fully satisfy its obligations in respect of the ETC Securities, all other factors 
remaining constant. The Issuer cannot expect to receive an amount of unallocated Metal equal to this 
shortfall from the Programme Counterparty under the Balancing Agreement. The Securityholders do not 
have the right under the Conditions to assert a direct claim of the Issuer against the Secured Account 
Custodian, the Subscription Account Custodian or any applicable Sub-Custodian, and such claims may 
only be asserted by the Issuer (subject to any applicable assignment of the rights of the Issuer under any 
relevant Transaction Document). The Issuer is likely to have no, or only extremely limited direct rights 
against any Sub-Custodian, as the Sub-Custodian effectively acts for the Secured Account Custodian. 
The relevant Sub-Custodian may, but is not obliged to, have such insurance as is considered customary 
for its business but neither the Issuer nor the Secured Account Custodian will be a beneficiary of any 
insurance policy held by the relevant Sub-Custodian in respect of any Metal held in its custody. 
Risks relating to the Authorised Participants 
If an Authorised Participant fails to settle a buy-back and does not deliver the relevant ETC Securities in 
circumstances where the Issuer has instructed the Secured Account Custodian to de-allocate a portion of 
the Underlying Metal in anticipation of settling such buy-back, until the settlement or cancellation of such 
buy-back, a greater proportion of the Underlying Metal would be held in unallocated form than would have 
been the case had the settlement of the buy-back occurred on the scheduled settlement day. Underlying 
Metal held in unallocated form is subject to the risks described in the risk factor entitled “Metal held in

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
unallocated accounts is not segregated from the Secured Account Custodian’s or the Subscription Account 
Custodian’s other assets in the case of insolvency” above.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
Deutsche Bank AG 
As at the date of the Base Prospectus, Deutsche Bank AG is the Arranger, and the Issuer has or may 
appoint Deutsche Bank AG as Issuing and Paying Agent, Secured Account Custodian, Subscription 
Account Custodian and Metal Agent, and has or may appoint Deutsche Trustee Company Limited, an 
Affiliate of Deutsche Bank AG, as Trustee on the issue of any Series of ETC Securities. Deutsche Bank 
AG may also act as Programme Counterparty in relation to any Series of ETC Securities. However, in 
connection with ongoing or future restructuring and/or reorganisations within the Deutsche Bank Group, it 
is possible that some of the roles currently performed by Deutsche Bank AG may be novated, delegated 
or otherwise transferred to a different entity within the Deutsche Bank Group, provided that it is legally 
permitted to make such novation, delegation or transfer. Deutsche Bank AG acting through any of its 
branches or Affiliates may also be an Authorised Participant in relation to a Series of ETC Securities.  
Conflicts of interest may exist or arise between Deutsche Bank AG and any Affiliate of Deutsche Bank AG 
(“Deutsche Bank entities” and each a “Deutsche Bank entity”) acting in other capacities and the 
interests of the Issuer and/or Securityholders.  
Subject always to their regulatory obligations in performing each or any of these roles, Deutsche Bank 
entities do not act on behalf of, or accept any duty of care or any fiduciary duty to, any Securityholder. 
Each relevant Deutsche Bank entity will pursue actions and take steps that it deems appropriate to protect 
its interests without regard to the consequences for the investors in the ETC Securities or any other person. 
A Deutsche Bank entity and/or its Affiliates may engage in trading and market-making activities and may 
hold long or short positions in any Metal, other instruments or derivative products based on or related to 
the Metal, Metal for their proprietary accounts or for other accounts under their management. Deutsche 
Bank entities may also issue securities or enter into financial instruments in relation to any Metal. To the 
extent that any Deutsche Bank entity, directly or through its Affiliates, serves as issuer, agent, manager, 
sponsor or underwriter of such securities or other instruments, its interests with respect to such products 
may be adverse to those of the Securityholders. Such activities may have an adverse effect on the Value 
per ETC Security of the ETC Securities and/or the value of the Underlying Metal relating to the ETC 
Securities. 
Deutsche Bank entities may be entitled to receive fees or other payments pursuant to products linked to 
the Metal to which the ETC Securities relate or otherwise and to exercise all rights, including rights of 
termination or resignation, which they may have, even though so doing may have a detrimental effect on 
investors in the ETC Securities. 
Deutsche Bank entities may, from time to time, by virtue of their activities, possess or have access to 
information relating to the Metal and/or the other Transaction Parties. 
There is no obligation on any Deutsche Bank entity to disclose to any investor in the ETC Securities any 
such information. 
Any relevant research carried out by a Deutsche Bank entity may or may not be considered by Deutsche 
Bank AG when Deutsche Bank AG is trading for its own account or those of its customers, as the case 
may be. These, or other transactions in which Deutsche Bank AG engages for its account, may be 
conducted in a manner inconsistent with the research related to the Metal. 
Any Deutsche Bank entity may, as an issuer or counterparty of precious metal linked obligations or 
transactions, engage in activities designed to reduce its exposure to the risk of adverse price movements 
that may impact on the price of the Metal on any particular day, meaning it may be different from the price 
which it would otherwise have been, whether directly or indirectly. Such activities may have an adverse 
effect on the Value per ETC Security of the ETC Securities.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
Other Transaction Parties 
Transaction Parties and/or their respective Affiliates may engage in trading and market-making activities 
and may hold long or short positions in the Metal and other financial instruments or products based on or 
related to the Metal for their own accounts or for other accounts under their management. Transaction 
Parties and their affiliates may also issue securities or enter into financial instruments in relation to the 
Metal. Such activities could present certain conflicts of interest, could adversely affect the price and liquidity 
of any component of the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security and may have an adverse effect on the Value 
per ETC Security of the ETC Securities. 
A Transaction Party and/or its Affiliates may be entitled to receive fees or other payments under or in 
connection with other products linked to the Metal to which the ETC Securities relate or otherwise and to 
exercise all rights, including rights of termination or resignation, which they may have, even though so 
doing may have a detrimental effect on investors in the ETC Securities. 
A Transaction Party and/or its Affiliates may, from time to time, by virtue of such activities and their status 
as underwriter, adviser or otherwise, possess or have access to information relating to the Metal and/or 
the other Transaction Parties. There is no obligation on any Transaction Party to disclose to any investor 
in the ETC Securities any such information. 
A Transaction Party and/or its Affiliates may, as an issuer or counterparty of precious metal linked 
obligations or transactions, engage in activities designed to reduce its exposure to the risk of adverse price 
movements that may impact on the prices of the Metal on any particular day, meaning it may be different 
from the level which it would otherwise have been, whether directly or indirectly. Such activities may have 
an adverse effect on the Value per ETC Security of the ETC Securities.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
All documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus have been filed with the Central Bank. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with:  
(ix) 
the directors’ report and financial statements of the Issuer for the period from 1 January 2018 to 31 
December 2018; and 
(x) 
the report and financial statements of the Issuer for the period from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 
2019; and 
(xi) 
for the purpose of any issues of ETC Securities under this Base Prospectus which are to be 
consolidated and form a single series with an existing tranche of ETC Securities:  
(a) 
the section entitled “Master Terms and Conditions of the ETC Securities” contained in the 
Base Prospectus dated 28 May 2010 (pages 50 to 170); or  
(b) 
if applicable, the section entitled “Master Terms and Conditions of the ETC Securities” 
contained in the Base Prospectus dated 11 May 2011 (pages 52 to 172); or  
(c) 
if applicable, the Section entitled “Master Terms and Conditions of the ETC Securities” 
contained in the Base Prospectus dated 23 April 2012 (pages 55 to 174); or  
(d) 
if applicable, the Section entitled “Master Terms and Conditions of the ETC Securities” 
contained in the Base Prospectus dated 18 June 2013 (pages 97 to 186); or  
(e) 
if applicable, the Section entitled “Master Terms and Conditions of the ETC Securities” 
contained in the Base Prospectus dated 23 May 2014 (pages 100 to190); or 
(f) 
if applicable, the Section entitled “Master Terms and Conditions of the ETC Securities” 
contained in the Base Prospectus dated 26 May 2015 (pages 103 to193); or 
(g) 
if applicable, the Section entitled “Master Terms and Conditions of the ETC Securities” 
contained in the Base Prospectus dated 25 May 2016 (pages 103 to192); or 
(h) 
if applicable, the section entitled “Master Terms and Conditions of the ETC Securities” 
contained in the Base Prospectus dated 19 May 2017 (pages 103 to 192); or 
(i) 
if applicable, the section entitled “Master Terms and Conditions of the ETC Securities” 
contained in the Base Prospectus dated 14 May 2018 (pages 102 to 190); or 
(j) 
if applicable, the section entitled “Master Terms and Conditions of the ETC Securities” 
contained in the Base Prospectus dated 8 May 2019 (pages 101 to 189); or 
(k) 
if applicable, the section entitled “Master Terms and Conditions of the ETC Securities” 
contained in the Base Prospectus dated 1 May 2020 (pages 94-182), 
(and for the avoidance of doubt the applicable Final Terms will indicate the Master Terms and 
Conditions of the ETC Securities applicable to such Series of ETC Securities and, unless otherwise 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms, the Master Terms and Conditions of the ETC Securities 
issued after the date hereof shall be those set out in this Base Prospectus). 
Such documents shall be incorporated into and shall form part of this Base Prospectus, save that any 
statement contained herein or in a document incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or 
superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein or in 
any subsequently filed document which also is incorporated by reference herein modifies or supersedes 
such statement. Any such statement modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
superseded, constitute part of this Base Prospectus. Any documents which are incorporated by reference 
into the documents listed above shall not constitute part of this Base Prospectus. The non-incorporated 
parts of the Base Prospectus dated 28 May 2010, the Base Prospectus dated 11 May 2011, the Base 
Prospectus dated 23 April 2012, the Base Prospectus dated 18 June 2013, the Base Prospectus dated 23 
May 2014, the Base Prospectus dated 26 May 2015 (together with the Supplementary Prospectus dated 
5 November 2015), the Base Prospectus dated 25 May 2016, the Base Prospectus dated 19 May 2017 
(together with the Supplementary Prospectus dated 9 April 2018), the Base Prospectus dated 14 May 
2018, the Base Prospectus dated 8 May 2019, the Base Prospectus dated 1 May 2020, the report and 
financial statements of the Issuer for the period 1 January 2018 to 31 December 2018 and the report and 
financial statements of the Issuer for the period 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2019 are either not 
relevant for investors or are covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
The above documents are available on the following websites maintained on behalf of the Issuer (or such 
other website as may be notified to Securityholders): 
Base Prospectus dated 28 May 2010 
 http://www.etc.dws.com/GBR/ENG/Downloads 
Base Prospectus dated 11 May 2011 
 http://www.etc.dws.com/GBR/ENG/Downloads 
Base Prospectus dated 23 April 2012 
 http://www.etc.dws.com/GBR/ENG/Downloads 
Base Prospectus dated 18 June 2013 
http://www.etc.dws.com/GBR/ENG/Downloads 
Base Prospectus dated 23 May 2014 
http://www.etc.dws.com/GBR/ENG/Downloads 
Base Prospectus dated 26 May 2015 
http://www.etc.dws.com/GBR/ENG/Downloads  
Supplementary Prospectus dated 5 November 2015 
 http://www.etc.dws.com/GBR/ENG/Downloads  
Base Prospectus dated 25 May 2016 
http://www.etc.dws.com/GBR/ENG/Downloads  
Base Prospectus dated 19 May 2017  
http://www.etc.dws.com/GBR/ENG/Downloads 
Base Prospectus dated 14 May 2018 
http://www.etc.dws.com/GBR/ENG/Downloads 
Base Prospectus dated 8 May 2019 
http://www.etc.dws.com/GBR/ENG/Downloads 
Base Prospectus dated 1 May 2020 
http://www.etc.dws.com/GBR/ENG/Downloads

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
Report and financial statements of the Issuer for the period 1 January 2018 to 31 December 2018 
http://www.etc.dws.com/GBR/ENG/Downloads 
Report and financial statements of the Issuer for the period 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2019 
http://www.etc.dws.com/GBR/ENG/Downloads 
The above documents may be inspected at the registered office of the Issuer and at the specified office of 
the Issuing and Paying Agent with respect to the relevant ETC Securities. 
The tables below set out the relevant page references for the documents incorporated by reference in the 
Base Prospectus. 
 
 
(a) 
Report and financial statements of the Issuer (1 January 2018 to 31 December 2018): 
Section: 
Page: 
Directors’ and other information 
1 
Directors’ report 
2-4 
Statement of directors’ responsibilities 
5 
Independent auditor’s report 
6-10 
Statement of comprehensive income 
11 
Statement of financial position 
12 
Statement of changes in equity 
13 
Statement of cash flows 
14 
Notes to the financial statements 
15-29 
 
(b) 
Report and financial statements of the Issuer (1 January 2019 to 31 December 2019): 
Section: 
Page: 
Directors’ and other information 
1 
Directors’ report 
2-4 
Statement of directors’ responsibilities 
5 
Independent auditor’s report 
6-10 
Statement of comprehensive income 
11 
Statement of financial position 
12 
Statement of changes in equity 
13 
Statement of cash flows 
14 
Notes to the financial statements 
15-30

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS  
 
This section is intended to answer some of the questions which investors may have when considering an 
investment in the ETC Securities. However, any decision to invest in ETC Securities should only be made after 
careful consideration of all relevant sections of this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms. This section 
is not intended to be a substitute for, nor a summary of, the Conditions. 
Capitalised terms shall have the meanings given to them in the Conditions. 
1 
What are the ETC Securities? 
The ETC Securities are secured debt securities issued by DB ETC plc, a Jersey company set up as the 
administrative vehicle for issuing the ETC Securities. The ETC Securities are designed to provide investors 
with exposure to a precious Metal which will be either Gold, Silver, Platinum, Palladium or Rhodium. They 
enable investors to gain such exposure without having to take physical delivery of the Metal.  
ETC Securities will typically be admitted to listing on the official list of Euronext Dublin and/or on another 
Stock Exchange, and will generally be made eligible to trade intra-day on Euronext Dublin and/or on other 
such exchanges.  
2 
How do the ETC Securities give me exposure to precious Metals?  
The ETC Securities are long-dated securities that promise to pay an amount at maturity linked to the value 
of a precious Metal. The amount payable in respect of the ETC Securities and the Value per ETC Security 
is linked to the performance of the Metal specified in the relevant Final Terms. The ETC Securities are 
backed by the Underlying Metal which is held by or on behalf of the Issuer and the proceeds from the 
disposal of the Underlying Metal, net of any deductions (and, in the case of FX Hedged ETC Securities, 
converted into the currency of the ETC Securities using the spot FX exchange rate), will equal the amount 
due under the ETC Securities. 
Because the Issuer obtains its exposure to the precious Metal by physically investing directly in the relevant 
Metal, these types of ETC Securities are known as physical replication exchange traded commodities.  
3 
What are precious metals?  
Market convention is that the term “bullion” refers to gold and silver whereas the term “precious metals” 
refers to bullion, platinum, palladium and other platinum group metals. The “platinum group metals” are 
platinum, palladium, iridium, osmium, rhodium and ruthenium. However, for the purposes of this Base 
Prospectus, the term “precious metals” shall be deemed to be limited to bullion, platinum, palladium and 
rhodium. 
4 
Is an investment in the ETC Securities linked to a Metal the same as investing directly in the relevant 
Metal? 
An investment in the ETC Securities linked to a Metal is not the same as investing directly and physically 
holding the relevant Metal. This is because while holding an inventory of physical precious metals may 
have certain economic benefits (for example, a jewellery firm could use a reserve of gold for the 
continuation of its operations), it also poses administrative burdens and costs, including those arising from 
the need to store, arrange security for or transport physical precious metals. These administrative burdens 
and costs may prove unattractive to investors who are interested solely in the price movement of precious 
metals. Each Series of ETC Securities permits an investor to obtain exposure to the prices of precious 
metals without being directly subject to these administrative burdens and costs (although an investor in 
ETC Securities will incur a fee represented by the deduction of the Product Fee in determining the Metal 
Entitlement per ETC Security). However, an investor in a product linked to precious metals can be indirectly 
exposed to the administrative burdens and costs mentioned above, as these may be reflected in the prices 
at which the precious metals can be bought and therefore in the price of the ETC Securities.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
The Value per ETC Security of the ETC Securities incorporates a deduction for Product Fees and, in the 
case of FX Hedged ETC Securities, a currency hedging component, both of which affect how closely the 
ETC Securities track the price of the relevant Metal. Due to this and other factors, the ETC Securities may 
trade differently from the performance of the Metal to which the ETC Securities are linked and changes in 
the market price of the Metal may not result in a comparable change in the market price or in the Value 
per ETC Security of the ETC Securities. 
5 
What other factors impact the return on a precious metal?  
The performance of a precious metal is dependent upon macroeconomic factors such as supply and 
demand, liquidity, natural disasters, direct investment costs, location and changes in tax rates and changes 
in laws, regulations and the activities of governmental or regulatory bodies. 
Precious metal prices tend to be more volatile than most other asset categories, making investments in 
precious metals riskier and more complex than other investments.  
6 
What is the structure of the ETC Securities? 
Each ETC Security relates to a specific amount of Metal, known as the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security. 
On any particular day, the ETC Security can be viewed as giving an exposure to that amount of Metal. In 
order to back its obligations under the ETC Securities, the Issuer will seek to hold an aggregate amount of 
Metal broadly equal to the aggregate Metal Entitlement per ETC Security, although, as described below, 
the precise amount it holds at any time may be more or less than such aggregate amount.  
Each ETC Security is issued by the Issuer to an Authorised Participant. The Issuer will, as subscription 
proceeds for the issue of ETC Securities, receive an amount of the relevant Metal from the Authorised 
Participants subscribing for the ETC Securities sufficient to cover the initial aggregate Metal Entitlement 
per ETC Security. For example, if 100,000 Physical Gold ETC Securities were issued with an initial Metal 
Entitlement per ETC Security of 0.1 fine troy ounce, this would mean that the Authorised Participant would 
have to deliver 10,000 fine troy ounces of Gold.  
The Issuer will hold such Metal with a custodian. This will be Deutsche Bank AG or JPMorgan Chase Bank, 
N.A. or any replacement thereto. The custodian may, in turn, hold allocated Metal via a sub-custodian.  
The ETC Securities are subject to a Product Fee. This fee is reflected by a daily reduction in the Metal 
Entitlement per ETC Security (as described in “What fees do I pay?” below). The fee is payable to Deutsche 
Bank AG (or any replacement) as Programme Counterparty under an agreement known as the Balancing 
Agreement. The Issuer pays the fee by delivering an amount of Metal to the Programme Counterparty 
(rather than as a cash payment). Such payment will happen on a periodic (typically monthly) basis.  
In addition, certain ETC Securities may be subject to a foreign exchange hedge. These are known as FX 
Hedged ETC Securities. The foreign exchange hedge seeks to reduce the exposure of the ETC Securities 
to exchange rate fluctuations between the currency in which the ETC Securities are denominated and the 
Metal Currency. It does this by reflecting the effect of a notional forward sale of the Metal Currency and 
purchase of the currency in which the ETC Securities are denominated (see further “What are FX Hedged 
ETC Securities?” below). The foreign exchange hedge may result in gains or losses. Such gains or losses 
will be reflected in the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security and will therefore impact the Value per ETC 
Security.  
Where there are gains and the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security consequently increases, the 
Programme Counterparty will deliver additional Metal equivalent to such increase under the Balancing 
Agreement. Where there are losses and the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security consequently decreases, 
the Issuer will be required to deliver Metal equivalent to such decrease to the Programme Counterparty 
under the Balancing Agreement. All such payments will be in the form of Metal and will happen on a 
periodic (typically monthly) basis.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
No amounts are payable under the ETC Securities prior to their Scheduled Maturity Date unless the ETC 
Securities redeem early. Securityholders can only realise value from an ETC Security prior to its Scheduled 
Maturity Date by selling it at its then market price in an available secondary market. 
A structure diagram showing the principal aspects of the structure is set out below: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
7 
What is an Authorised Participant? 
Authorised Participants are the only entities allowed to buy and sell ETC Securities directly from and to the 
Issuer. Any such purchase or sale is made by the Authorised Participant delivering or receiving an amount 
of the Metal equal to the prevailing Metal Entitlement per ETC Security. Authorised Participants act also 
as market makers, i.e. they buy and sell ETC Securities from and to investors on an over-the-counter basis 
or via a stock exchange. However, not all market makers need to be Authorised Participants. 
8 
What is the role of the Secured Account Custodian, Subscription Account Custodian and Sub-
Custodian? 
The Issuer will generally hold any Underlying Metal owned by it and held for a Series of ETC Securities 
with the Subscription Account Custodian and, once the relevant ETC Securities have been issued, with 
the Secured Account Custodian. The Secured Account Custodian is permitted to hold property delivered 
or received by it for the Issuer in custody accounts with one or more Sub-Custodians provided they satisfy 
certain eligibility criteria.  
In connection with a new issuance of ETC Securities, any Metal delivered by an Authorised Participant will 
first be delivered to a Subscription Settlement Account held with the Subscription Account Custodian. The 
Subscription Account Custodian maintains segregated unallocated metal accounts in the name of the 
Issuer for each separate series of ETC Securities, each a Subscription Settlement Account. The 
Subscription Settlement Account is a segregated unallocated metal account in the name of the Issuer held 
with the Subscription Account Custodian. Once the relevant ETC Securities have been issued, the 
Subscription Account Custodian transfers an amount of Metal equal to the Subscription Settlement Amount 
to the secured unallocated account of the respective Series of ETC Securities held with the Secured 
Account Custodian. If a subscription is cancelled, the Subscription Account Custodian will deliver an 
amount of Metal equal to the Subscription Settlement Amount back to the Authorised Participant. 
The Metal will generally be held by the Secured Account Custodian on an “allocated” basis. This means 
that specifically identifiable items of the relevant Metal are allocated to a particular client and are 
Programme 
Counterparty 
 
Deutsche Bank AG or 
replacement 
Issuer 
DB ETC plc 
 
Authorised Participant 
 
Deutsche Bank AG and/or 
any other Authorised 
Participants 
 
Underlying Metal Sub-
Custodian  
 
(where applicable) 
Investor 
 
Purchases ETC 
Securities on exchange 
or from a market 
counterparty 
 
ETC 
Securities
Metal 
Cash
ETC 
Securities 
Secured Account 
Custodian / Subscription 
Account Custodian 
 
Deutsche Bank AG, 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, 
N.A. or replacement 
Metal to pay product fees and 
to meet any foreign exchange 
losses 
Metal to meet any 
foreign exchange 
gains 
Metal held on 
custody for DB 
ETC plc 
 
BALANCING AGREEMENT

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
segregated from Metal held for other clients. However, to facilitate subscriptions and buy-backs, the 
operation of the foreign exchange hedge and the deduction of the Product Fee, the Issuer may hold some 
of the Metal on an “unallocated” basis. This means that the Secured Account Custodian maintains an 
account in the name of the client which shows them as being entitled to delivery of a particular amount of 
the Metal but without specific metal having been identified. Where Metal is held on an “unallocated” basis 
the right to delivery is a purely contractual right and, as such, the client is an unsecured creditor of the 
custodian and is exposed to the credit risk of the custodian.  
9 
What is a Metal Agent? 
The Metal Agent is appointed by the Issuer to dispose of the Underlying Metal where the ETC Securities 
are to be redeemed, whether at final maturity or on an early redemption. The Metal Agent will dispose of 
Underlying Metal during a specified Redemption Disposal Period and, shortly before the Scheduled 
Maturity Date or the Early Redemption Date (as applicable), will pay the aggregate proceeds of such 
disposals (converted, if necessary, into the currency of the ETC Securities) to the Issuer (or the Issuing 
and Paying Agent on the Issuer’s behalf). The Issuer’s ability to pay the Final Redemption Amount or the 
Early Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date or Early Redemption Date (as applicable) is 
dependent on its receipt of the disposal proceeds of the Underlying Metal from the Metal Agent. Therefore, 
Securityholders of a Series are exposed to the creditworthiness of the Metal Agent in respect of the 
disposal proceeds of the Underlying Metal. 
10 
When will a Metal Entitlement per ETC Security and a Value per ETC Security be calculated? 
Subject to any market disruptions, the Determination Agent is required to calculate the Metal Entitlement 
per ETC Security and the Value per ETC Security in respect of each Scheduled Valuation Day. A 
Scheduled Valuation Day is a London Business Day. 
11 
What is the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security? 
Each ETC Security of a Series will have a Metal Entitlement expressed as an amount in weight of the Metal 
linked to such Series. 
The Initial Metal Entitlement per ETC Security of an ETC Security is set on the Series Issue Date and 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Thereafter, the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security is equal to the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security for 
the immediately preceding non-disrupted Business Day, less any accrued fees and, if such ETC Security 
is a FX Hedged ETC Security, plus or minus an amount representing any gains or losses in the currency 
hedging component of such FX Hedged ETC Security, which relate to movements in the foreign exchange 
rate between the Specified Currency and the Metal Currency. 
12 
What is the Value per ETC Security? 
The Value per ETC Security is an amount in the currency of the ETC Securities, calculated on a daily basis 
for each Scheduled Valuation Day (subject to any market disruptions) and that represents the theoretical 
value of an ETC Security.  
The Value per ETC Security is a measure of the value per ETC Security of the Underlying Metal backing 
that particular Series of ETC Securities. 
The Value per ETC Security depends on the performance of the Metal to which the ETC Securities are 
linked. If the price of the Metal rises, the Value per ETC Security should also rise. If the price of the Metal 
falls, the Value per ETC Security should also fall. However, the Value per ETC Security incorporates a 
deduction for fees and, in the case of FX Hedged ETC Securities, a currency hedging component. 
Depending on the performance of the Metal, the deduction of the fees and any losses on the foreign 
exchange hedge may erode any gains made from rises in the value of the Metal.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
The following worked example shows how the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security and the Value per ETC 
Security is calculated in respect of non-FX Hedged ETC Securities.  
1 
 
On Tuesday 15 June 2010, a new Series of ETC Securities is issued for U.S.$122.50 each. 
The initial Value per ETC Security is set at U.S.$122.50 to match the issue price.  
The ETC Securities give a return linked to Gold.  
On 15 June 2010, the Metal Reference Price of Gold is U.S.$1,225. 
The initial Metal Entitlement per ETC Security is set at 0.1 fine troy ounce.  
2 
 
To determine the Value per ETC Security for Wednesday 16 June 2010, the Determination 
Agent does the following: 
Step 1: It first needs to calculate the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security for 16 June 2010. It 
does this by subtracting a fee amount (expressed in fine troy ounces) from the Metal 
Entitlement per ETC Security for the previous Scheduled Valuation Day. 
The fee is called the Product Fee. The Product Fee in respect of ETC Securities may be made 
up of two components. These are:  
 
a Base Fee Percentage; and 
 
a FX Hedging Fee Percentage which reflects a fee for the provision of the foreign 
exchange element. However, this fee is only applicable to FX Hedged ETC Securities. 
The level of these fees may vary from time to time (see “What fees do I pay?” below). 
In this example, we will assume that on 16 June 2010 the base fee percentage is 0.29%. In 
this example, because the relevant ETC Securities are not FX Hedged ETC Securities, there 
is no foreign exchange hedging fee. As a result, the total product fee percentage is 0.29% per 
annum.  
To calculate the daily fee amount, the Determination Agent needs to multiply the Metal 
Entitlement per ETC Security at the end of the previous Scheduled Valuation Day by the total 
fee percentage. This gives an annualised amount. To make this a daily amount, the 
Determination Agent divides by 360.  
If we do this in our current example, the daily product fee amount (expressed in fine troy 
ounces) would be equal to 0.1 fine troy ounce multiplied by the total product fee percentage of 
0.29% per annum, and then divided by 360. This gives a daily product fee amount equal to 
0.0000008056. 
The Determination Agent then needs to take that amount off the Metal Entitlement per ETC 
Security for the previous Scheduled Valuation Day. This reduces the Metal Entitlement per 
ETC Security. 
This produces the reduced Metal Entitlement per ETC Security, which in this example, would 
be 0.0999991944. 
Because each ETC Security is backed by an amount of Underlying Metal equal to its Metal 
Entitlement per ETC Security, this reduction in the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security (as in 
the above example where the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security has reduced from 1.0 to 
0.0999991944) will reduce the amount of Underlying Metal that backs an ETC Security and, 
therefore, its value.  
Step 2. Once the Determination Agent has determined the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security 
for a Scheduled Valuation Day, it then has to determine the Value per ETC Security for that 
day.  
In the case of a non-FX Hedged ETC Security it does this by simply calculating how much the 
Metal Entitlement per ETC Security that backs that ETC Security is worth at prevailing prices 
for Gold.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
So if, on 16 June 2010, the price of Gold were U.S.$1,234.50 per fine troy ounce the Value per 
ETC Security would be equal to the product of U.S.$1,234.50 and the Metal Entitlement per 
ETC Security for that day. This produces a Value per ETC Security equal to U.S.$123.45.  
Step 3: The Issuer publishes the Value per ETC Security for 16 June 2010 by no later than 
16:00 London time on the next Scheduled Valuation Day. The Value per ETC Security will be 
published on www.etc.dws.com (or a successor website).  
3 
 
On Thursday 17 June 2010 and Friday 18 June 2010, the Determination Agent will repeat the 
above process based on prevailing Gold prices on those days.  
On Thursday 17 June 2010, the daily product fee amount will be equal to the Metal Entitlement 
per ETC Security for 16 June 2010 multiplied by the total product fee percentage of 0.29% per 
annum, and then divided by 360.  
To determine the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security for 17 June 2010, this daily product fee 
amount is deducted from the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security for 16 June 2010. This 
produces a Metal Entitlement per ETC Security for 17 June 2010 equal to 0.0999983889. If the 
price of Gold per fine troy ounce on 17 June 2010 is U.S.$1,245 then the Value per ETC 
Security will be U.S.$124.50.  
On Friday 18 June 2010, the daily product fee amount will be equal to the Metal Entitlement 
per ETC Security for 17 June 2010 multiplied by the total product fee percentage of 0.29% per 
annum, and then divided by 360.  
To determine the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security for 18 June 2010, this daily product fee 
amount is deducted from the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security for 17 June 2010. This 
produces a Metal Entitlement per ETC Security for 18 June 2010 equal to 0.0999975834. If the 
price of Gold per fine troy ounce on 17 June 2010 is U.S.$1,256 then the Value per ETC 
Security will be U.S.$125.60. 
No Metal Entitlement per ETC Security nor Value per ETC Security is determined for Saturday 
19 June 2010 or Sunday 20 June 2010, as calculations are not made for weekends, bank 
holidays and other non-business days.  
4 
 
The next day for which a Metal Entitlement per ETC Security and Value per ETC Security will 
be determined is Monday 21 June 2010. To determine the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security 
and the Value per ETC Security for this day, the Determination Agent will follow the same steps 
as above but also deducting daily fee amounts to reflect the non-business days: 
Step 1: The Determination Agent first calculates the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security for 21 
June 2010. It does this by subtracting a fee amount (expressed in fine troy ounces) from the 
Metal Entitlement per ETC Security for Friday 18 June 2010 (i.e. the previous Scheduled 
Valuation Day).  
The product fee amount on this day needs to reflect the aggregate product fee charged in 
respect of the ETC Securities since the last Scheduled Valuation Day. To do this the 
Determination Agent needs to subtract the daily product fee amounts for Saturday 19 June 
2010, Sunday 20 June 2010 and Monday 21 June 2010. Note that because the product fee is 
a daily fee, it will be charged for all calendar days, regardless of whether they are weekends, 
bank holidays or other non-business days. 
The Determination Agent, therefore, needs to subtract three days’ worth of daily product fees. 
The daily product fee amount for each of those days will be equal to the Metal Entitlement per 
ETC Security for 18 June 2010 multiplied by the total product fee percentage of 0.29% per 
annum, and then divided by 360. This produces a daily product fee amount of 0.0000008055. 
The aggregate daily product fee amount for Saturday 19 June 2010, Sunday 20 June 2010 and 
Monday 21 June 2010 will, therefore, be 0.0000024166. 
To determine the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security for 21 June 2010, this aggregate daily 
fee amount is deducted from the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security for 18 June 2010. This

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
produces a Metal Entitlement per ETC Security for 21 June 2010 equal to 0.0999967778. If the 
price of Gold per fine troy ounce on 21 June 2010 is U.S.$1,254.50 then the Value per ETC 
Security will be U.S.$125.44.  
The table below is a summary of the worked examples set out above for the period 15 June 
2010 to 21 June 2010. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(1) This is the Metal Reference Price for the relevant date.  
(2) This is the Product Fee for the relevant date and is equal to the Product Fee Percentage multiplied by 
the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security for the prior Scheduled Valuation Day. 
(3) This is the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security for the relevant date and is equal to the Metal 
Entitlement per ETC Security for the prior date minus the Product Fee for the relevant date.  
(4) This is the Value per ETC Security for the relevant date and is equal to the Metal Entitlement per ETC 
Security for that date multiplied by the Metal Reference Price for that date.  
Date 
Metal 
Reference Price 
(i.e. USD per 
fine troy ounce 
of Gold) (1) 
Product Fee 
(fine troy 
ounces) (2) 
Metal 
Entitlement per 
ETC Security 
(3) 
Value per ETC 
Security (4) 
15-Jun-10 
1225.00 
— 
0.1000000000 
122.50 
16-Jun-10 
1234.50 
0.0000008056 
0.0999991944 
123.45 
17-Jun-10 
1245.00 
0.0000008055 
0.0999983889 
124.50 
18-Jun-10 
1256.00 
0.0000008055 
0.0999975834 
125.60 
21-Jun-10 
1254.50 
0.0000008055 
0.0999967778 
125.45 
5 
 
In the above worked examples the Metal Reference Price generally rose from its initial value 
on 15 June 2010 of U.S.$1,225. In the below table, we set out an alternative illustration where 
a falling Metal Reference Price has been assumed, but otherwise using the same methodology 
and assumptions as in the above worked examples.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For footnotes to this table, please see equivalent footnotes for the table immediately above. 
Date 
Metal 
Reference Price 
(i.e. USD per 
fine troy ounce 
of Gold) (1) 
Product Fee 
(fine troy 
ounces) (2) 
Metal 
Entitlement per 
ETC Security 
(fine troy 
ounces) (3) 
Value per ETC 
Security (4) 
15-Jun-10 
1225.00 
— 
0.1000000000 
122.50 
16-Jun-10 
1220.00 
0.0000008056 
0.0999991944 
122.00 
17-Jun-10 
1219.50 
0.0000008055 
0.0999983889 
121.95 
18-Jun-10 
1218.50 
0.0000008055 
0.0999975834 
121.85 
21-Jun-10 
1215.00 
0.0000008055 
0.0999967778 
121.50 
6 
 
The Determination Agent will calculate the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security and Value per 
ETC Security in the same way for each Scheduled Valuation Day.  
Note that the numbers used in this worked example are for illustrative purposes only. The price of the 
Metal may go up or down and past performance should not be taken as an indication of future 
performance. The fee levels for any particular Series of ETC Securities may differ from the fee levels 
used in the worked example.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
13 
What are FX Hedged ETC Securities? 
If a Series of ETC Securities is denominated in a currency other than the Metal Currency, the Metal 
Entitlement per ETC Security of such ETC Securities may include a currency hedging component to 
convert the value of the Metal denominated in the Metal Currency into the same currency as that in which 
the ETC Securities are denominated. For the purposes of the Conditions, such ETC Securities are “FX 
Hedged ETC Securities”. The formula for calculation of the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security of FX 
Hedged ETC Securities will reflect the effect of a rolling currency hedge generally entered into on each 
Scheduled Valuation Day. Such currency hedge typically involves the notional forward sale of the Metal 
Currency and purchase of the currency in which the ETC Securities are denominated and is designed to 
reduce the exposure of the Metal (and, therefore, the ETC Securities) to exchange rate fluctuations 
between such currencies. However, such hedges do not fully eliminate exchange rate risks or fluctuations 
and, depending on movements in exchange rates, such currency hedging might have a positive or negative 
impact on the Value per ETC Security. 
The following worked example shows how the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security and the Value per ETC 
Security is calculated in respect of FX Hedged ETC Securities.  
1 
 
On Tuesday 15 June 2010, a new Series of ETC Securities is issued for €99.68 each. The 
initial Value per ETC Security is set at €99.68 to match the issue price.  
The ETC Securities give a return linked to Gold.  
On 15 June 2010, the Metal Reference Price of Gold is U.S.$1,225. The ETC Securities are 
FX Hedged ETC Securities and, as such, reflect a currency hedging component between euro 
(the currency of the ETC Securities) and U.S. dollars (the currency in which Gold prices are 
quoted).  
The initial Metal Entitlement per ETC Security is set at 0.1 fine troy ounce. Given the above 
Metal Reference Price, this means that the value in U.S. dollars of the initial Metal Entitlement 
per ETC Security is U.S.$122.50.  
2 
 
To determine the Value per ETC Security for Wednesday 16 June 2010, the Determination 
Agent does the following: 
Step 1: It first needs to calculate the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security for 16 June 2010. 
To do this it starts by calculating the gain or loss on the currency hedge component since 15 
June 2010.  
This gain or loss reflects the gain or loss that a person would have suffered if, on 15 June 
2010, she had attempted to hedge her currency exposure by entering into a transaction where 
she agreed that on 16 June 2010 she would sell an amount of U.S. dollars equal to the U.S. 
dollar value of the initial Value per ETC Security on 15 June 2010 in return for a fixed euro 
amount. 
By entering into such a currency hedge transaction, she will be assured of receiving at least 
the fixed euro amount in exchange for her payment of U.S. dollars. However, by agreeing to 
receive such fixed euro amount regardless of what actually happens to exchange rates, this 
means that she forgoes any gains from improvements in the exchange rate. Depending on 
how exchange rates actually move, she will have made a gain or loss on the currency hedge 
as compared with the position she would have been in if she had not entered into the currency 
hedge. 
Accordingly, if, on 16 June 2010, prevailing exchange rates on that day were such that she 
could actually have sold such U.S. dollar amount for a higher euro amount than the amount 
she pre-agreed on 15 June 2010, the effect of the currency hedge transaction would be that 
she would be worse off than if she had not entered into the currency hedge transaction. 
Conversely, if, on 16 June 2010, prevailing exchange rates were such that she could only

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
have sold such U.S. dollar amount for a lower euro amount, she would be better off than she 
would have been if she had not entered into the currency hedge transaction.  
The way in which the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security is calculated for FX Hedged ETC 
Securities reflects the economic effects of such a currency hedge. 
To calculate the amount of gain or loss of such currency hedge for the ETC Security, the 
Determination Agent needs to look at the forward foreign exchange rate that was available on 
15 June 2010 for payments made on 16 June 2010 (known as the FX Forward Reference 
Level), as well as looking at the actual foreign exchange rates that were available on 15 June 
2010 and 16 June 2010 (known as FX Spot Reference Levels).  
In this example, we assume that: the forward foreign exchange rate on 15 June 2010 was 
U.S.$1 to €0.813731; the actual foreign exchange rate on 15 June 2010 was U.S.$1 to 
€0.813736 and the actual foreign exchange rate on 16 June 2010 was U.S.$1 to €0.811820. 
On 15 June 2010, the amount that needs to be sold forward is the U.S. dollar value of the 
initial Value per ETC Security on 15 June 2010. The Value per ETC Security in euro is €99.68. 
Using the above exchange rates, the U.S. dollar equivalent of that on 15 June 2010 is 
U.S.$122.50. 
On 15 June 2010, based on the prevailing forward foreign exchange rates on that date, a 
person could have sold U.S.$122.50 on 16 June 2010 in return for €99.68. However, on 16 
June 2010, based on the actual foreign exchange rates for sales on that date, a person would 
actually only have been able to sell U.S.$122.50 in return for €99.45.  
This means that, in this instance, the person would have benefitted from entering into a 
currency hedge. She would be €0.23 better off than without a currency hedge.  
As the ETC Securities in this worked example are FX Hedged ETC Securities, the 
Determination Agent will adjust the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security to reflect this gain. To 
do this it needs to work out how many fine troy ounces of Gold the gain of €0.23 would buy. 
For purposes of this example, we assume that the Metal Reference Price (i.e. the price per 
fine troy ounce of Gold) on 16 June 2010 is U.S.$1,234.50. In U.S. dollar terms our gain of 
€0.23 is worth U.S.$0.29 (at the prevailing actual exchange rate of U.S.$1 to €0.811820). This 
will buy 0.0002335199 fine troy ounces of Gold.  
The Determination Agent then adds such amount to the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security 
from the previous Scheduled Valuation Day. This gives an amount equal to 0.1002335199. 
Step 2: After the Determination Agent has calculated the adjustment to the Metal Entitlement 
per ETC Security needed to reflect any currency hedging gain or loss it then needs to further 
adjust the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security to deduct fees.  
It does this by subtracting a fee amount (expressed in fine troy ounces) from the adjusted 
Metal Entitlement per ETC Security. 
The fee is called the Product Fee. The Product Fee in respect of ETC Securities may be made 
up of two components. These are:  
 
a Base Fee Percentage; and 
 
a FX Hedging Fee Percentage which reflects a fee for the provision of the foreign 
exchange element. However, this fee is only applicable to FX Hedged ETC Securities. 
The level of these fees may vary from time to time (see “What fees do I pay?” below). 
In this example, we will assume that on 16 June 2010 the base fee percentage is 0.29%. In 
this example, because the relevant ETC Securities are FX Hedged ETC Securities, there is 
also a foreign exchange hedging fee percentage of 0.30%. As a result, the total product fee 
percentage used in this example is 0.59% per annum.  
To calculate the daily fee amount, the Determination Agent needs to multiply the Metal 
Entitlement per ETC Security (adjusted as described in Step 1 to reflect any currency hedge

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
gain or loss) by the total product fee percentage. This gives an annualised amount. To make 
this a daily amount, the Determination Agent divides by 360.  
If we do this in our current example, the daily product fee amount (expressed in fine troy 
ounces) would be equal to 0.1002335199 fine troy ounce multiplied by the total product fee 
percentage of 0.59% per annum, and then divided by 360. This gives a daily product fee 
amount equal to 0.0000016427 fine troy ounces. 
The Determination Agent then needs to take that amount away from the adjusted Metal 
Entitlement per ETC Security.  
This produces a new Metal Entitlement per ETC Security of 0.1002318772. 
Each ETC Security is backed by an amount of Underlying Metal equal to its Metal Entitlement 
per ETC Security. Accordingly, if the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security reduces then this 
will reduce the amount of Underlying Metal that backs an ETC Security and, therefore, its 
value. In this example, the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security has actually gone up from 
0.1000000000 on 15 June 2010 to 0.1002318772 on 16 June 2010. This is because the gain 
on the currency hedging component is greater than the fee deduction for that day. This will 
not always be the case and currency hedging losses and product fee deductions may lead to 
reductions in the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security. 
Step 3: Once the Determination Agent has determined the Metal Entitlement per ETC 
Security for a Scheduled Valuation Day, it then has to determine the Value per ETC Security 
for that day.  
In the case of a FX Hedged ETC Security it does this by calculating how much the Metal 
Entitlement per ETC Security that backs that ETC Security is worth at prevailing prices for 
Gold, converted into the currency of the ETC Securities at the prevailing actual foreign 
exchange rate.  
So if, on 16 June 2010, the price of Gold were U.S.$1,234.50 per fine troy ounce the Value 
per ETC Security would be equal to the product of U.S.$1,234.50, the Metal Entitlement per 
ETC Security for that day and the actual foreign exchange rate for that day (i.e. U.S.$1 to 
€0.811820). This produces a Value per ETC Security equal to €100.45.  
Step 4: The Issuer publishes the Value per ETC Security for 16 June 2010 by no later than 
16:00 London time on the next Scheduled Valuation Day. The Value per ETC Security will be 
published on www.etc.dws.com (or a successor website).  
3 
 
On Thursday 17 June 2010 and Friday 18 June 2010, the Determination Agent will repeat the 
above process based on prevailing foreign exchange rates and Gold prices on those days.  
As described above, the Determination Agent first calculates the gain or loss from the 
currency hedge. For this example, we assume that the forward foreign exchange rate on 16 
June 2010 was U.S.$1 to €0.811804; that the actual foreign exchange rate on 16 June 2010 
was U.S.$1 to €0.811820 and that the actual foreign exchange rate on 17 June 2010 was 
U.S.$1 to €0.806777.  
The Determination Agent needs to determine the gain or loss that a person would suffer if, on 
16 June 2010, she had attempted to hedge her currency exposure by entering into a 
transaction where she agreed that on 17 June 2010 she would sell an amount of U.S. dollars 
equal to the U.S. dollar value of the Value per ETC Security on 16 June 2010 in return for a 
fixed euro amount. 
On 16 June 2010, the Value per ETC Security in euro is €100.45. Using the above exchange 
rates, the U.S. dollar equivalent of that on 16 June 2010 is U.S.$123.74. 
On 16 June 2010, based on the prevailing forward foreign exchange rates on that date, a 
person could have sold U.S.$123.74 on 17 June 2010 in return for €100.45. However, on 17 
June 2010, based on the actual foreign exchange rates for sales on that date, a person would

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
actually only have been able to sell U.S.$123.74 in return for €99.83. This produces a currency 
hedge gain of €0.62. 
The Determination Agent then adjusts the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security to reflect the 
currency hedge gain and it does this by converting the gain of €0.62 into fine troy ounces. For 
the purpose of this example, we assume that the Metal Reference Price on 17 June is 
U.S.$1,245. In U.S. dollar terms the gain of €0.62 is worth U.S.$0.77 (at the prevailing actual 
exchange rate of U.S.$1 to €0.806777). This will buy 0.0006192371 fine troy ounces of Gold. 
The Determination Agent then adds such amount to the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security 
from the previous Scheduled Valuation Day. This gives an adjusted Metal Entitlement per 
ETC Security equal to 0.1008511143. 
On Thursday 17 June 2010, the daily fee amount will be equal to such adjusted Metal 
Entitlement per ETC Security multiplied by the total fee percentage of 0.59% per annum, and 
then divided by 360. This is an amount (in fine troy ounces) equal to 0.0000016528 
To determine the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security for 17 June 2010, this daily fee amount 
is deducted from the adjusted Metal Entitlement per ETC Security. This produces a Metal 
Entitlement per ETC Security for 17 June 2010 equal to 0.1008494615. If the price of Gold 
per fine troy ounce on 17 June 2010 is U.S.$1,245 then the Value per ETC Security would be 
equal to the product of U.S.$1,245, the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security and the actual 
exchange rate for that day (U.S.$1 to U.S.$€0.806777). This produces a Value per ETC 
Security for Thursday 17 June 2010 equal to €101.30. 
The Determination Agent then repeats exactly the same process for Friday 18 June 2010. It 
first calculates the gain or loss from the currency hedge. For this example, we assume that 
the forward foreign exchange rate on 17 June 2010 was U.S.$1 to €0.806772; that the actual 
foreign exchange rate on 17 June 2010 was U.S.$1 to €0.806777 and that the actual foreign 
exchange rate on 18 June 2010 was U.S.$1 to €0.808865. 
The Determination Agent needs to determine the gain or loss that a person would suffer if, on 
17 June 2010, she had attempted to hedge her currency exposure by entering into a 
transaction where she agreed that on 18 June 2010 she would sell an amount of U.S. dollars 
equal to the U.S. dollar value of the Value per ETC Security on 17 June 2010 in return for a 
fixed euro amount. 
On 17 June 2010, the Value per ETC Security in euro is €101.30. Using the above exchange 
rates, the U.S. dollar equivalent of that on 17 June 2010 is U.S.$125.56. 
On 17 June 2010, based on the prevailing forward foreign exchange rates on that date, a 
person could have sold U.S.$125.56 on 18 June 2010 in return for €101.30. However, on 18 
June 2010, based on the actual foreign exchange rates for sales on that date, a person would 
actually have been able to sell U.S.$125.56 in return for €101.56. This produces a currency 
hedge loss of €0.26. 
The Determination Agent then adjusts the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security to reflect the 
currency hedge loss and it does this by converting the loss of €0.26 into fine troy ounces. For 
the purpose of this example, we assume that the Metal Reference Price on 18 June is 
U.S.$1,256. In U.S. dollar terms the loss of €0.26 is worth U.S.$0.32 (at the prevailing actual 
exchange rate of U.S.$1 to €0.808865). This will buy 0.0002586445 fine troy ounces of Gold. 
The Determination Agent then subtracts such amount from the Metal Entitlement per ETC 
Security from the previous Scheduled Valuation Day. This gives an adjusted Metal Entitlement 
per ETC Security equal to 0.1005908170. On Friday 18 June 2010, the daily product fee 
amount will be equal to such adjusted Metal Entitlement per ETC Security multiplied by the 
total product fee percentage of 0.59% per annum, and then divided by 360. This is an amount 
(in fine troy ounces) equal to 0.0000016486.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
To determine the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security for 18 June 2010, this daily product fee 
amount is deducted from the adjusted Metal Entitlement per ETC Security. This produces a 
Metal Entitlement per ETC Security for 18 June 2010 equal to 0.1005891684. If the price of 
Gold per fine troy ounce on 17 June 2010 is U.S.$1,256 then the Value per ETC Security 
would be equal to the product of U.S.$1,256, the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security and the 
actual exchange rate for that day (U.S.$1 to €0.808865). This produces a Value per ETC 
Security for Friday 18 June 2010 equal to €102.19. 
No Metal Entitlement per ETC Security nor Value per ETC Security is determined for Saturday 
19 June 2010 or Sunday 20 June 2010, as calculations are not made for weekends, bank 
holidays and other non-business days.  
4 
 
The next day for which a Metal Entitlement per ETC Security and Value per ETC Security will 
be determined is Monday 21 June 2010. To determine the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security 
and the Value per ETC Security for this day, the Determination Agent will follow the same 
steps as above but also deducting daily product fee amounts to reflect the non-business days: 
Step 1: The Determination Agent first calculates the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security for 
21 June 2010.  
As described above, the Determination Agent first calculates the gain or loss from the 
currency hedge. For this example, we assume that the forward foreign exchange rate on 18 
June 2010 was U.S.$1 to €0.808862; that the actual foreign exchange rate on 18 June 2010 
was U.S.$1 to €0.808865 and that the actual foreign exchange rate on 21 June 2010 was 
U.S.$1 to €0.807103.  
The Determination Agent needs to determine the gain or loss that a person would suffer if, on 
18 June 2010, she had attempted to hedge her currency exposure by entering into a 
transaction where she agreed that on Monday 21 June 2010 (i.e. the next Scheduled 
Valuation Day) she would sell an amount of U.S. dollars equal to the U.S. dollar value of the 
Value per ETC Security on 18 June 2010 in return for a fixed euro amount. 
On 18 June 2010, the Value per ETC Security in euro is €102.19. Using the above exchange 
rates, the U.S. dollar equivalent of that on 18 June 2010 is U.S.$126.34. 
On 18 June 2010, based on the prevailing forward foreign exchange rates on that date, a 
person could have sold U.S.$126.34 on 21 June 2010 in return for €102.19. However, on 21 
June 2010, based on the actual foreign exchange rates for sales on that date, a person would 
actually only have been able to sell U.S.$126.34 in return for €101.97. This produces a 
currency hedge gain of €0.22. 
The Determination Agent then adjusts the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security to reflect the 
currency hedge gain and it does this by converting the gain of €0.22 into fine troy ounces. For 
the purpose of this example, we assume that the Metal Reference Price on 18 June is 
U.S.$1,254.50. In U.S. dollar terms the gain of €0.22 is worth U.S.$0.28 (at the prevailing 
actual exchange rate of U.S.$1 to €0.807103). This will buy 0.0002195348 fine troy ounces 
of Gold. 
The Determination Agent then adds such amount to the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security 
from the previous Scheduled Valuation Day. This gives an adjusted Metal Entitlement per 
ETC Security equal to 0.1008087032. The Determination Agent then needs to further adjust 
this Metal Entitlement per ETC Security to deduct the daily product fee amount.  
The fee amount deducted needs to reflect the aggregate product fee charged in respect of 
the ETC Securities since the last Scheduled Valuation Day. To do this the Determination 
Agent needs to subtract the daily product fee amounts for Saturday 19 June 2010, Sunday 
20 June 2010 and Monday 21 June 2010. Note that because the fee is a daily fee, it will be 
charged for all calendar days, regardless of whether they are weekends, bank holidays or 
other non-business days.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
The Determination Agent, therefore, needs to subtract three days’ worth of daily product fees. 
The daily product fee amount for each of those days will be equal to the adjusted Metal 
Entitlement per ETC Security calculated above (i.e. 0.1008087032) multiplied by the total fee 
percentage of 0.59% per annum, and then divided by 360. This produces a daily fee amount 
of 0.0000016521. The aggregate daily product fee amount for Saturday 19 June 2010, 
Sunday 20 June 2010 and Monday 21 June 2010 will, therefore, be 0.0000049564. 
To determine the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security for 21 June 2010, this aggregate daily 
product fee amount is deducted from the adjusted Metal Entitlement per ETC Security. This 
produces a Metal Entitlement per ETC Security for 21 June 2010 equal to 0.1008037467. If 
the price of Gold per fine troy ounce on 21 June 2010 is U.S.$1,254.50 then the Value per 
ETC Security would be equal to the product of U.S.$1,254.50, the Metal Entitlement per ETC 
Security and the actual exchange rate for that day (U.S.$1 to €0.807103). This produces a 
Value per ETC Security for Monday 21 June 2010 equal to €102.06.  
 
The table below is a summary of the worked examples set out above for the period 15 June 
2010 to 21 June 2010. 
Date 
Metal 
Reference 
Price (i.e. 
USD 
per 
fine 
troy 
ounce of 
Gold) (1) 
FX 
Gain 
/ 
(Loss) 
(fine 
troy ounces) 
(2) 
Product 
Fee 
(fine 
troy 
ounces) (3) 
Metal 
Entitlement 
per 
ETC 
Security (fine 
troy ounces) 
(4) 
U.S. 
dollar 
value 
of 
Metal 
Entitlement 
per 
ETC 
Security 
(U.S.$) (5) 
Exchange 
Rate 
(number 
of 
euro 
per 
U.S.$1) 
(6) 
Value 
per ETC 
Security 
(7) 
15-Jun-10 
1225.00 
— 
— 
0.1000000000 
122.50 
0.813736 
99.68 
16-Jun-10 
1234.50 
0.0002335199 
0.0000016528 
0.1002318772 
123.74 
0.811820 
100.45 
17-Jun-10 
1245.00 
0.0006192371 
0.0000016486 
0.1008494615 
125.56 
0.806777 
101.30 
18-Jun-10 
1256.00 
0.0002586445 
0.0000049564 
0.1005891684 
126.34 
0.808865 
102.19 
21-Jun-10 
1254.50 
0.0002195348 
0.0000016385 
0.1008037467 
126.46 
0.807103 
102.06 
 
(1) This is the Metal Reference Price for the relevant date.  
(2) This is the foreign exchange gain or loss for the relevant date, calculated as described in the above 
worked example, and expressed in fine troy ounces. 
(3) This is the Product Fee for the relevant date (expressed in fine troy ounces) and is equal to the sum 
of the Base Fee Percentage and the FX Hedging Fee Percentage multiplied by the Metal Entitlement 
per ETC Security for the prior Scheduled Valuation Day. 
(4) This is the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security for the relevant date and is equal to the Metal 
Entitlement per ETC Security for the prior date, plus or minus the foreign exchange gain or loss for 
the relevant date and then minus the Product Fee for the relevant date  
(5) This is the U.S. dollar value of the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security for that date multiplied by the 
Metal Reference Price for that date.  
(6) This is the actual exchange rate for an exchange of euro for U.S. dollars on the relevant date 
(expressed as the number of euro that can be purchased for U.S.$1). 
(7) This is the Value per ETC Security for the relevant date (in euro) and is equal to the Metal Entitlement 
per ETC Security for that date multiplied by the Metal Reference Price for that date and then 
multiplied by the actual exchange rate for that date. 
 
In the above worked examples the Metal Reference Price generally rose from its initial value 
on 15 June 2010 of U.S.$1,225. In the below table, we set out an alternative illustration where 
a falling Metal Reference Price has been assumed, but otherwise using the same 
methodology and assumptions as in the above worked examples.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
Date 
Metal 
Reference 
Price (i.e. 
USD 
per 
fine 
troy 
ounce of 
Gold) (1) 
FX 
Gain 
/ 
(Loss) 
(fine 
troy ounces) 
(2) 
Product 
Fee 
(fine 
troy 
ounces) (3) 
Metal 
Entitlement 
per 
ETC 
Security (fine 
troy ounces) 
(4) 
U.S. 
dollar 
value 
of 
Metal 
Entitlement 
per 
ETC 
Security 
(U.S.$) (5) 
Exchange 
Rate 
(number 
of 
euro 
per 
U.S.$1) (6) 
Value per 
ETC 
Security 
(7) 
15-Jun-10 
1225.00 
— 
— 
0.1000000000 
122.50 
0.813736 
99.68 
16-Jun-10 
1220.00 
0.0002335199 
0.0000016528 
0.1002318772 
122.28 
0.811820 
99.27 
17-Jun-10 
1219.50 
0.0006192371 
0.0000016486 
0.1008494615 
122.99 
0.806777 
99.22 
18-Jun-10 
1218.50 
0.0002586445 
0.0000049564 
0.1005891684 
122.57 
0.808865 
99.14 
21-Jun-10 
1215.00 
0.0002195348 
0.0000016385 
0.1008037467 
122.48 
0.807103 
98.85 
 
For footnotes to this table, please see equivalent footnotes for the table immediately above. 
5 
 
The Determination Agent will calculate the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security and Value per 
ETC Security in the same way for each following Scheduled Valuation Day.  
Note that the numbers used in this worked example are for illustrative purposes only. The price of the 
Metal, and foreign exchange rates, may go up or down and past performance should not be taken as 
an indication of future performance. The fee levels for any particular Series of ETC Securities may differ 
from the fee levels used in the worked example. 
 
14 
How do I obtain a return from investing in ETC Securities? 
The ETC Securities are non-interest bearing. No amounts are payable under the ETC Securities prior to 
their Scheduled Maturity Date unless they are subject to an early redemption.  
On the Scheduled Maturity Date, each ETC Security will become due and payable at the greater of (i) the 
Final Metal Redemption Amount and (ii) 10 per cent. of the Issue Price per ETC Security as at the Series 
Issue Date (i.e. the Minimum Debt Amount). If the Final Metal Redemption Amount falls below the Minimum 
Debt Amount, then due to the limited recourse nature of the ETC Securities, Securityholders are unlikely 
to receive payments of the Final Redemption Amount in full and may receive zero. 
The Final Metal Redemption Amount is an amount determined by reference to the Metal Entitlement per 
ETC Security. However, for this purpose the Final Metal Redemption Amount is calculated in a slightly 
different way than the Value per ETC Security, instead using a price determined as the average sale price 
of the Underlying Metal held in respect of the Series of ETC Securities sold during the Final Redemption 
Disposal Period by the Metal Agent, net of associated deductions and taxes. To the extent that the amount 
of Metal sold during the Final Redemption Disposal Period is lower than the Aggregate Final Metal 
Entitlement, for the purposes of determining the Final Metal Redemption Amount, such shortfall is deemed 
to have been sold at the last available Metal Reference Price as at the last day of the Final Redemption 
Disposal Period. 
The Final Redemption Disposal Period is the period from (and including) the date falling four Scheduled 
Valuation Days after the Final Redemption Valuation Date (which is the day falling 45 calendar days prior 
to the Scheduled Maturity Date) to (but excluding) the date falling five Business Days prior to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date. 
The Issuer will fund payment of any Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount per ETC 
Security, as applicable, under the ETC Securities from the proceeds of the sale of the Underlying Metal 
held by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the ETC Securities. Its ability to make the payments due 
under the Conditions on their final redemption or early redemption, as applicable, is dependent on its 
receipt of any outstanding amounts of Metal that are to be delivered to it by the Programme Counterparty

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
under the Balancing Agreement as at the Final Redemption Valuation Date or Early Redemption Valuation 
Date (as applicable) and on its receipt of the proceeds of the disposal of the Underlying Metal from the 
Metal Agent. 
Accordingly, the Issuer and the Securityholders are exposed to the creditworthiness of the Metal Agent 
and to the Programme Counterparty (to the extent there is any amount deliverable by the Programme 
Counterparty under the Balancing Agreement as at the Final Redemption Valuation Date or Early 
Redemption Valuation Date (as applicable)). If the Metal Agent does not pay in full the amount payable 
under the Metal Agent Agreement when due in connection with the redemption of the ETC Securities the 
Security under the ETC Securities may become enforceable. However, if, following realisation in full of the 
Secured Property relating to the ETC Securities (whether by way of liquidation or enforcement) and 
application of available cash sums as provided in Condition 7, there are any outstanding claims against 
the Issuer in respect of such ETC Securities which remain unpaid, then such outstanding claim will be 
extinguished and no debt will be owed by the Issuer in respect thereof. In such circumstances investors in 
the ETC Securities may not receive back their investment and may receive zero. 
15 
How do I buy and sell ETC Securities? 
Investors can buy and sell ETC Securities in the same manner as they buy and sell other listed securities. 
Investors trading ETC Securities intraday are given a “bid price”, at which the investors can sell an ETC 
Security, and an “offer price” representing the pricing point at which investors can buy their ETC Securities 
in the market.  
The bid and offer prices for ETC Securities at any time are likely to be different than the Value per ETC 
Security. This is because the bid and offer prices reflect market liquidity and other market conditions at a 
particular time, whereas the Value per ETC Security is calculated based on the Metal Reference Price of 
the Metal. 
16 
What fees do I pay?  
There is a product fee that applies to a Series of ETC Securities which is potentially made up of two parts. 
These are:  
 
a Base Fee Percentage; and 
 
if the ETC Securities are FX Hedged ETC Securities, a FX Hedging Fee Percentage. 
The level of these fees may vary from time to time.  
The Base Fee Percentage and the Maximum Base Fee Percentage will be specified in the Final Terms for 
a Series of ETC Securities. The Base Fee Percentage varies from Series to Series, but typically is 0.29% 
per annum for Series relating to Gold, 0.45% per annum for Series relating to Silver, Platinum or Palladium 
and 0.95% per annum for Series relating to Rhodium. A lower fee than the Maximum Base Fee Percentage 
may be charged at the discretion of the Programme Counterparty. The current Base Fee Percentage and 
any proposed change to the percentage shall be published on www.etc.dws.com (or its successor). 
Securityholders will be given not less than 30 calendar days’ prior notice in accordance with the Conditions 
of any change to the Base Fee Percentage. Generally, the Base Fee Percentage cannot be increased 
above 1.5% per annum. See Question 12 (“What is the Value per ETC Security?”) above for worked 
examples including the calculation of fees.  
The FX Hedging Fee Percentage and the Maximum FX Hedging Fee Percentage will be specified in the 
Final Terms for a Series of ETC Securities. A lower fee than the Maximum FX Hedging Fee Percentage 
may be charged at the discretion of the Programme Counterparty. The current FX Hedging Fee Percentage 
and any proposed change to the percentage shall be published on www.etc.dws.com (or its successor). 
Securityholders will be given not less than 30 calendar days’ prior notice in accordance with the Conditions

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
of any change to the FX Hedging Fee Percentage. See Question 13 “What are FX Hedged ETC 
Securities?” above for worked examples including the calculation of fees. 
The fees are charged on a daily basis on the aggregate Metal Entitlement per ETC Security and will be 
settled on a periodic basis, usually monthly, by the Issuer transferring Metal to the Programme 
Counterparty or vice versa, as set out in the Balancing Agreement (see further “What is the Balancing 
Agreement” below).  
17 
What is the Balancing Agreement? 
The Balancing Agreement is an agreement between the Issuer and the Programme Counterparty, in 
respect of each Series of ETC Securities, which provides for the settlement on a periodic basis of the 
Product Fee and, in respect of FX Hedged ETC Securities, the gains or losses in the currency hedging 
component of such FX Hedged ETC Securities based on the accrued level of the Product Fee and foreign 
exchange gains or losses as at periodic Observation Dates. 
The Observation Dates in respect of a Series of ETC Securities will be specified in the Final Terms for that 
Series but are expected to occur on a monthly basis. Settlement will take place in respect of an Observation 
Date by the Issuer transferring Metal to the Programme Counterparty or vice versa, in each case as 
provided in the Balancing Agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Programme Counterparty. 
In respect of each Observation Date, the Balancing Agreement seeks to account for the Product Fee and 
any currency hedging gains or losses by requiring deliveries of unallocated metal to be made between the 
Issuer and the Programme Counterparty so that, as a result of such deliveries, the amount of Underlying 
Metal should equal the aggregate Metal Entitlement per ETC Security in respect of all outstanding ETC 
Securities of the relevant Series.  
However, as a result of such settlement only taking place on a periodic basis this means that the Issuer 
might at times hold an amount of allocated Underlying Metal that is more or less than the aggregate Metal 
Entitlement per ETC Security in respect of all outstanding ETC Securities of such Series. 
In addition, it should be noted that the deliveries required under the Balancing Agreement are not adjusted 
to reflect subscriptions and buy-backs of ETC Securities that are pending but have not settled at the 
relevant Observation Date. Such subscriptions and buy-backs would only be taken into account on the 
next following Observation Date. As a result, this might also cause the amount of Underlying Metal held 
by the Issuer to be more or less than the aggregate Metal Entitlement per ETC Security in respect of all 
outstanding ETC Securities of such Series.  
18 
Do holders of ETC Securities have recourse to particular assets of the Issuer?  
With respect to each Series of ETC Securities, the Issuer’s main assets are its holdings of Underlying 
Metal held by or on behalf of the Issuer (through the Secured Account Custodian, the Subscription Account 
Custodian and/or Sub-Custodians) and its rights and interests under the related Custody Agreement and 
Balancing Agreement. The obligations of the Issuer under the ETC Securities of a Series will be secured 
in favour of the Trustee pursuant to an English law governed Security Deed which grants security over the 
Issuer’s rights in respect of the transaction documents relating to that Series (including the Custody 
Agreement and Balancing Agreement), any cash held by the Issuer in respect of that Series. The property 
over which such security is created in respect of a Series is known as the Secured Property.  
You should note that holders of ETC Securities and other Transaction Parties will have recourse only to 
the Secured Property in respect of the relevant Series of ETC Securities and not to any other assets of the 
Issuer. The claims of holders of ETC Securities (and those of other Transaction Parties) will be limited to 
Secured Property and subject to the order of priority referred to below. If the Secured Property is not 
sufficient to meet the claims of holders of ETC Securities and those of all the other relevant parties, the 
Secured Property will be used to meet claims according to a specified order of priority. Amounts owing to 
certain Transaction Parties will be paid before claims of holders of ETC Securities. If there is no Secured 
Property left after paying them, holders of ETC Securities will not be paid.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
19 
Can my ETC Securities redeem before the Scheduled Maturity Date?  
Yes. There are a number of instances where the ETC Securities might redeem prior to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date. These are: 
 
if the Issuer exercises its call option 
 
if the Programme Counterparty exercises its right to terminate the Balancing Agreement 
 
upon the occurrence of an Event of Default or other Early Redemption Event. 
Where the ETC Securities redeem early the Early Redemption Amount per ETC Security will be calculated 
in the same manner as the calculation of the Final Redemption Amount described in “How do I obtain a 
return from investing in ETC Securities?” i.e. using a price determined as the average sale price of the 
Underlying Metal held in respect of the Series of ETC Securities sold during the Early Redemption Disposal 
Period by the Metal Agent. 
20 
When can the Issuer exercise its call option? 
The Issuer may at any time elect to redeem all the ETC Securities of a Series and designate an Early 
Redemption Valuation Date for such purposes, provided that the date designated as the Early Redemption 
Valuation Date may not be earlier than the 60th calendar day following the date of the relevant notice from 
the Issuer.  
21 
When can the Programme Counterparty elect to terminate the Balancing Agreement? 
The Programme Counterparty relating to a Series of ETC Securities may, on giving not less than 60 
calendar days’ irrevocable notice to the Issuer, elect to terminate the Balancing Agreement relating to such 
Series of ETC Securities. Such notice may only be delivered if no Balancing Agreement Event of Default 
(or event which, with the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both, would constitute a Balancing 
Agreement Event of Default) or Balancing Agreement Termination Event has occurred and is continuing 
under the Balancing Agreement. The Programme Counterparty shall not and is not required to consider 
the interests of Securityholders when exercising any such termination right.  
22 
What Events of Default and other Early Redemption Events apply to the ETC Securities? 
The ETC Securities of a Series may become due and payable prior to their Scheduled Maturity Date as 
further described in Conditions 9 and 15 in connection with the occurrence of any of the following events: 
 
certain legal or regulatory changes occur in relation to the Issuer and the Issuer gives a notice of 
redemption;  
 
the Balancing Agreement is terminated in connection with a Balancing Agreement Event of Default 
or a Balancing Agreement Termination Event. See Condition 9(d)(ii) for a description of the 
circumstances in which the Balancing Agreement may be terminated;  
 
the Determination Agent, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Secured Account Custodian, the 
Subscription Account Custodian, the Registrar (in the case of ETC Securities in registered form), 
the Lead Authorised Participant and/or all the Authorised Participants, as applicable, resign or their 
appointment is terminated for any reason and the Issuer gives notice that no successor or 
replacement has been appointed within 60 calendar days of the date of the relevant notice of 
resignation or termination or the date of any automatic termination, as applicable; 
 
the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security or the Value per ETC Security for such Series is not 
published for 14 consecutive Non-Disrupted Scheduled Valuation Days and the Trustee gives the 
relevant notice as directed by the requisite number of Securityholders;

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
the Value per ETC Security is less than or equal to 20 per cent. of the Issue Price as at the Series 
Issue Date for two consecutive Non-Disrupted Scheduled Valuation Days and the Determination 
Agent gives the relevant Notice;  
 
the Issuer will, or there is a substantial likelihood that it will, be required to make a payment in 
respect of VAT or be required to account for VAT in respect of a delivery of Metal from or to an 
Authorised Participant (whether or not such VAT is recoverable); 
 
a Securityholder does not, upon request, receive a firm bid price from an Authorised Participant for 
five consecutive Non-Disrupted Scheduled Valuation Days and, following the requisite notices being 
given, such Securityholder does not receive a firm bid price for the relevant ETC Securities during 
a further 20 consecutive Non-Disrupted Scheduled Valuation Day period and the Issuer gives the 
relevant Notice;  
 
a Balancing Agreement Event of Default occurs and is continuing with respect to the Programme 
Counterparty and the Trustee is directed by the requisite number of Securityholders to give the 
relevant Notice;  
 
the Issuer becomes entitled to serve a VAT Redemption Event Notice or a termination notice under 
the Balancing Agreement following a Balancing Agreement Tax Event or a Balancing Agreement 
Illegality and the Trustee gives the relevant Notice as directed by the requisite number of 
Securityholders; or 
 
an Event of Default occurs under the ETC Securities and the Trustee gives the relevant notice. 
23 
What are Disruption Events and why do they matter?  
If the Programme Counterparty and/or the Determination Agent gives a Disruption Event Notice in respect 
of a Business Day, then the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security and the Value per ETC Security in respect 
of such Scheduled Valuation Day will not be published.  
If the Disruption Event has occurred or exists with respect to the Early Redemption Valuation Date or the 
Final Redemption Value Date, such date may be postponed for up to 10 Business Days (after which, if no 
Scheduled Valuation Day has occurred, the Programme Counterparty may determine the Metal 
Entitlement per ETC Security as at the Early Redemption Valuation Date or the Final Redemption Valuation 
Date (as applicable)). Investors should be aware that any of the components which comprise the Metal 
Entitlement per ETC Security and Value per ETC Security calculation will be determined by the Programme 
Counterparty and the value of such components may differ from the official values (if any) determined and 
published by the relevant pricing source in respect of such Redemption Valuation Date or Final Redemption 
Valuation Date. 
A Disruption Event Notice may be given in connection with the following events: 
(i) 
the Metal Price Source fails to calculate and announce the Metal Reference Price; 
(ii) 
the material suspension of, or material limitation imposed on, trading in the Metal; 
(iii) 
the relevant market, exchange or trading facility in respect of the Metal is closed for any reason; 
(iv) 
the permanent discontinuation of trading in the Metal; the disappearance of, or of trading in, the 
Metal; or the disappearance or permanent discontinuance or unavailability of the Metal Reference 
Price; and/or 
(v) 
an event in connection with which the Issuer, the Programme Counterparty or any of its Affiliates is 
(or would be) unable to hold, acquire or dispose of Metal. 
In addition, for FX Hedged ETC Securities, a Disruption Event Notice may be given in connection with the 
following events:

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
(a) 
the FX Forward Reference Level Source fails to calculate and announce the FX Forward Reference 
Level; 
(b) 
the FX Spot Reference Level Source fails to calculate and announce the FX Spot Reference Level; 
(c) 
the material suspension, limitation, illiquidity or disruption of trading in foreign exchange contracts 
between the Specified Currency and the Metal Currency; 
(d) 
it becomes impossible or impracticable to convert the Specified Currency into the Metal Currency 
or vice versa; and/or 
(e) 
an event in connection with which the Programme Counterparty or any of its Affiliates is (or would 
be) unable to hold, acquire or dispose of foreign exchange forward contracts between the Specified 
Currency and the Metal Currency or vice versa. 
The Determination Agent may give Disruption Event Notices in respect of the events listed in paragraphs 
(i) and (a) above and the Programme Counterparty may give Disruption Event Notices in respect of the 
events listed in paragraphs (ii) to (v) and (b) to (e) above. If the Programme Counterparty or the 
Determination Agent determines that a Disruption Event has occurred or exists with respect to the Early 
Redemption Valuation Date or the Final Redemption Valuation Date, such date may be postponed for up 
to 10 Business Days (after which, if no Scheduled Valuation Day has occurred, the Programme 
Counterparty may determine the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security as at the Early Redemption Valuation 
Date or the Final Redemption Valuation Date (as applicable)). 
The determination of the occurrence or existence of a Disruption Event by the Programme Counterparty 
or the Determination Agent may also result in the extension of a Redemption Disposal Period and will 
result in the postponement of the acceptance of Subscription Orders and Buy-Back Orders. The 
occurrence of 10 consecutive Disrupted Days may also lead to the early redemption of the ETC Securities. 
In respect of FX Hedged ETC Securities, the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security on the first Scheduled 
Valuation Day following the determination of the occurrence or existence of a Disruption Event may also 
be calculated in accordance with an adjusted method in accordance with Condition 10(e). 
Therefore, Securityholders should be aware that the delivery of a Disruption Event Notice by the 
Programme Counterparty or the Determination Agent may have an adverse effect on the quantum and on 
the timing of the calculation and publication of the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security and the Value per 
ETC Security of the ETC Securities and may result in the early redemption of the ETC Securities. 
24 
When might the Value per ETC Security not be published? 
A Metal Entitlement per ETC Security and Value per ETC Security in respect of a Scheduled Valuation 
Day may not be published or the publication thereof may be delayed if the Programme Counterparty or 
Determination Agent determines that a Disruption Event occurs or exists in respect of a Scheduled 
Valuation Day and the relevant Series of ETC Securities and the Programme Counterparty or 
Determination Agent (as applicable) notifies the Issuer of its determination.  
If the Programme Counterparty or the Determination Agent determines that a Disruption Event has 
occurred or exists with respect to the Early Redemption Valuation Date or the Final Redemption Valuation 
Date, such date may be postponed for up to 10 Business Days (after which, if no Scheduled Valuation Day 
has occurred, the Programme Counterparty may determine the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security as at 
the Early Redemption Valuation Date or the Final Redemption Valuation Date (as applicable)).  
The determination of the occurrence or existence of a Disruption Event by the Programme Counterparty 
or the Determination Agent may also result in the extension of a Redemption Disposal Period and will 
result in the postponement of the acceptance of Subscription Orders and Buy-Back Orders. The 
occurrence of 10 consecutive Disrupted Days may also lead to the early redemption of the ETC Securities.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
25 
How much of your investment is at risk?  
All of your investment is at risk if the relevant precious Metal performs poorly.  
26 
Who is the “holder” of ETC Securities? 
If the ETC Securities are held through a clearing system (which will usually be the case if so specified in 
the Final Terms), the legal “holder” will either be the entity nominated by the clearing system as the 
depositary for the ETC Securities or the person entered in the register as the Securityholder. As an 
investor, your rights in relation to the ETC Securities will be governed by the contract you have with your 
broker, custodian or other entity through which you hold your interest in the ETC Securities and the 
contracts they have with the clearing system and any intermediaries in between. Accordingly, where this 
Base Prospectus describes a right as being owed to, or exercisable by, a Securityholder then your ability 
to benefit from or exercise such right will be dependent on the terms of the contracts in such chain. 
27 
What rights do Securityholders have against the Issuer? 
Securityholders’ rights include the right to any payments or deliveries payable to holders of ETC Securities 
in accordance with the Conditions. Securityholders may also have the right to make certain determinations 
or decisions (which may sometimes be required to be by a resolution of Securityholders or which may 
simply require a direction in writing by a specified percentage of Securityholders) and the Issuer may only 
take certain actions with respect to the ETC Securities if approved by Securityholders. Securityholders 
should note that, notwithstanding they may be owed payments under the ETC Securities, their rights of 
direct action against the Issuer are limited as the right to take such action is generally instead vested in 
the Trustee (see Question 30 below). 
28 
What are the requirements for exercising Securityholders’ rights in respect of the ETC Securities?  
The Conditions specify the requirements for exercising each right in respect of the ETC Securities, 
including the person (if any) that is entitled to enforce such right on behalf of the Securityholders and the 
required percentage of Securityholders (if any) that may direct such person to enforce such right. For 
example, the Conditions specify that only the Trustee may exercise the right to enforce the security on 
behalf of Securityholders if a default in payment by the Issuer has occurred. The Securityholders may 
direct the Trustee to exercise such rights by way of an Extraordinary Resolution or in writing by 
Securityholders of at least one-fifth in number of the relevant Series of ETC Securities and provided that 
the Trustee has been secured and/or pre-funded and/or indemnified to its satisfaction. An “Extraordinary 
Resolution” means a resolution passed at a duly convened meeting by a majority consisting of not less 
than 75% of the votes cast at such meeting or a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of 
Securityholders of not less than 75% of the aggregate number of ETC Securities of that Series. 
29 
How do you exercise a right to vote or enforce your rights in respect of the ETC Securities? 
If the ETC Securities are held through a clearing system then, as rights under the ETC Securities can only 
be exercised by the legal holders (see Question 26 above), you must contact the custodian, broker or other 
entity through which you hold your interest in the ETC Securities if you wish for any vote to be cast or 
direction to be given on your behalf. 
30 
Who can enforce your rights against the Issuer if the Issuer has failed to make a payment on the 
ETC Securities? 
The Issuer has executed a Trust Deed in respect of the ETC Securities, under which it has covenanted to 
the Trustee that it will make the relevant payments due on the ETC Securities. The Trustee holds the 
benefit of this covenant for Securityholders. If the Issuer fails to make a payment or delivery when due, 
only the Trustee may pursue the remedies available under the Trust Deed to enforce the rights of the 
Securityholders, unless the Trustee fails or neglects to do so within a reasonable time after having become 
bound to do so and such failure is continuing.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
31 
Who makes calculations in respect of the ETC Securities? 
The Determination Agent will calculate the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security, Value per ETC Security, 
Final Redemption Amount and Early Redemption Amount in respect of the ETC Securities. 
32 
Are there any fees, expenses or taxes to pay when purchasing, holding or selling ETC Securities? 
What other taxes might affect the ETC Securities? 
You may incur fees and expenses in relation to the purchase, holding, transfer and sale of ETC Securities. 
You should also be aware that stamp duties or taxes may have to be paid in accordance with the laws and 
practices of the country where the ETC Securities are transferred.  
You should note that, if the Issuer or any agent is required by applicable law to apply any withholding or 
deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties or charges of whatsoever nature, it will 
account to the relevant authorities for the amount so required to be withheld or deducted and only pay the 
net amount after application of such withholding or deduction. None of the Issuer nor any agent will be 
obliged to make any additional payments to you in respect of such withholding or deduction.  
You should consult your selling agent for details of fees, expenses, commissions or other costs and your 
own tax advisors in order to understand fully the tax implications specific to investment in any ETC 
Securities. 
33 
Can the Issuer amend the Conditions of ETC Securities once they have been issued without your 
consent? 
The Issuer may amend the Conditions of a Series of ETC Securities without the consent of the 
Securityholders only if the Trustee determines that the relevant amendment is of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Securityholders in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed. Any such determination shall be binding 
on the Securityholders. Any such amendment requires the consent of the Lead Authorised Participant and 
the Programme Counterparty. 
34 
How will the Authorised Participant determine its purchase or sale price of ETC Securities in the 
secondary market? 
The price (if any) provided by an Authorised Participant for the purchase or sale of ETC Securities in the 
secondary market (whether in an on-exchange or off-exchange transaction) will be determined at the 
absolute discretion of that Authorised Participant by reference to such factors as it sees fit. An Authorised 
Participant may maintain such bid/offer spread as it determines in its absolute discretion. The bid/offer 
spread is the difference between the bid price (i.e. the price at which a holder can sell ETC Securities to 
the Authorised Participant) and the offer price (i.e. the price at which a holder can buy ETC Securities from 
the Authorised Participant). Any price provided by an Authorised Participant or other secondary market 
price may take into account fees, charges, duties, taxes, commissions and/or other factors. Any price given 
by an Authorised Participant will be quoted as of a particular date and time and will not therefore reflect 
any subsequent changes in the market price of the ETC Securities and/or any other factors relevant to the 
determination of the price. 
35 
Can ETC Securities be invested in by a UCITS? 
Prospective investors comprising a scheme which is an undertaking for collective investment in 
transferable securities subject to the Council Directive of 13 July 2009 on the coordination of laws, 
regulations and administrative provisions relating to Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable 
Securities (No 2009/65/EC) (the “UCITS Directive”), as amended or supplemented, need to satisfy 
themselves that an investment in the ETC Securities would comply with any regulations and/or guidelines 
applicable to them pursuant to the UCITS Directive and any laws, regulations or guidelines of their 
jurisdiction of incorporation and would be in line with their individual investment objectives.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
36 
Would an investment in ETC Securities satisfy diversification requirements under the UCITS 
Directive? 
Each series of ETC Securities is linked to a single Metal. Prospective investors who are subject to the 
requirements of the UCITS Directive need to satisfy themselves that any purchase of ETC Securities 
conforms to the eligibility criteria required in accordance with the UCITS Directive. 
37 
Do holders of ETC Securities own the Underlying Metal? 
Investing in the ETC Securities will not make an investor the owner of the Underlying Metal. Any amounts 
payable on the ETC Securities will be made in cash and the holders of the ETC Securities will have no 
right to receive delivery of any Underlying Metal at any time. 
38 
When might VAT be chargeable on transfers of the Underlying Metal? 
If VAT were to be due on transfers of Metal to or by the Issuer (on a subscription, buy-back, redemption or 
on a transfer under the relevant Balancing Agreement), there may be an obligation to register and account 
for any VAT due in respect of transfers of Metal. If the Issuer is required to make payments in respect of 
VAT or required to account for VAT in respect of transfers of Metal, this in turn may adversely affect the 
Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations under the ETC Securities in full.  
In respect of ETC Securities where the relevant Metal is investment gold (as defined for VAT purposes), 
the Issuer will not be required to charge UK VAT on any transfers by it of investment gold and may accept 
delivery of investment gold without attracting a VAT liability.  
In respect of ETC Securities where the relevant Metal is gold (other than investment gold) or is silver, on 
the basis of the “black box“ agreement that HM Revenue & Customs (“HMRC”) have entered into with the 
LBMA (the most recent version dated as of 2013) transfers of gold (other than investment gold) or silver 
by and to the Issuer will be treated as zero rated supplies for UK VAT purposes, provided that the gold 
(other than investment gold) or silver remains in the control of an LBMA member firm.  
In the case of platinum and palladium, the LPPM has agreed under the same agreement with HMRC that 
the terms of the LBMA black box agreement can be applied to dealings in platinum and palladium and that 
transfers to or from an LPPM member firm can be treated as zero rated supplies, provided that the platinum 
or palladium does not leave the control of the LPPM member firm.  
The LBMA and LPPM agreements referred in the previous paragraphs do not extend to minor precious 
metals, such as rhodium, and therefore the VAT rules outlined above do not apply and therefore normal 
VAT rules governing the supply of services and goods need to be applied. In the case of rhodium, the 
Issuer may be required to charge UK VAT in respect of any transfer of allocated rhodium which is physically 
delivered in the UK. Equally UK VAT may be charged on any rhodium that the Authorised Participant 
delivers into the account of the Issuer if at the time of delivery the metal is physically located in the UK.  
At the time of the issuance of each Series of ETC Securities, Deutsche Bank AG was a member firm of 
the LPPM and LBMA, and the Custody Agreement for Secured Accounts and the Custody Agreement for 
Subscription Accounts provide that any replacement for Deutsche Bank AG as Secured Account Custodian 
and Subscription Account Custodian must also be a member of the Relevant Association (where 
applicable). The Custody Agreement for Secured Accounts provides that any Sub-Custodian must be a 
member of the Relevant Association (where applicable). In addition, (i) each Authorised Participant 
represents under the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement that it is a member of the Relevant 
Association (where applicable) and that (provided that, where applicable, the Secured Account Custodian, 
the Subscription Account Custodian and any Sub-Custodian are members of the Relevant Association) 
the relevant Metal will not cease to be held in the vault of a member of the Relevant Association as a result 
of transfers between the Issuer and the Authorised Participant and (ii) the Programme Counterparty 
represents under the relevant Balancing Agreement that it is a member of the Relevant Association and 
that (provided that, where applicable, the Secured Account Custodian and any Sub-Custodian are

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
members of the Relevant Association) the relevant Metal will not cease to be held in the vault of a member 
of the Relevant Association as a result of transfers between the Issuer and the Programme Counterparty. 
Any transfers of Metal required in relation to the ETC Securities should therefore not result in Metal leaving 
the vault of a member of the Relevant Association, prior to the occurrence of an Early Redemption 
Valuation Date or the Final Redemption Valuation Date.  
Deutsche Bank AG has ceased its membership of the LBMA and is an associate member of the LPPM. 
On the basis of the “black box” agreement, transfers of gold (other than investment gold), silver, platinum 
or palladium by and to Deutsche Bank AG in any of its capacities or any Authorised Participant will be 
treated as zero rated supplies for UK VAT purposes, provided that the gold (other than investment gold), 
silver, platinum or palladium remains in the control of an LBMA (in respect of gold (other than investment 
gold) and silver) or LPPM (in respect of platinum and palladium) member firm.  
Following the occurrence of an Early Redemption Valuation Date or the Final Redemption Valuation Date, 
provided that the Metal Agent sells the Underlying Metal to a member of the Relevant Association, the 
Metal should not leave the control of a member of the Relevant Association.  
Provided that there is no change in law or in HMRC practice, the Issuer may be required to register for UK 
VAT and will be obliged to account for any VAT on sales of any physical rhodium. However any VAT 
payable on the transfer of rhodium into the Issuer’s account should be recoverable in full.  
The Issuer may appoint a tax representative to manage its VAT compliance requirements and therefore 
an additional cost to the programme will be reflected in determining the investment returns. 
The Terminal Markets Order (“TMO”) which allows for the “black box” arrangement outlined above in the 
UK is being challenged by the European Commission. Discussions are at an early stage and since any 
Infraction Proceedings will require the Court of Justice for Europe (“CJEU”) to pronounce judgment, this 
matter is likely not to be settled for a number of years. In the event the CJEU determines in favour of the 
European Commission, the current TMO in the UK will need to change.  
39 How should investors read the terms and conditions of the ETC Securities, as completed by the 
relevant Final Terms? 
The terms and conditions applicable to the relevant series of ETC Securities comprise the text of the terms 
and conditions set out in the section entitled “Master Terms and Conditions of the ETC Securities” of this 
Base Prospectus, as completed by the relevant Final Terms. Where the ETC Securities are in the form of 
Bearer Securities, the Bearer Securities shall be endorsed with either (i) the full text of the terms and 
conditions as they appear in the ‘Master Terms and Conditions of the ETC Securities’ together with the 
relevant provisions of Part A of the relevant Final Terms, or (ii) the text of the terms and conditions of the 
‘Master Terms and Conditions of the ETC Securities’ as so completed by the information contained in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in the case of (i) above, the blanks in the full text of the terms and conditions 
as they appear in the ‘Master Terms and Conditions of the ETC Securities’ shall be deemed to be completed 
by the information contained in the relevant Final Terms as if such information were inserted in such 
provisions; alternative or optional provisions in the terms and conditions which are not specified or which 
are expressly disapplied or deleted in the relevant Final Terms shall be deemed to be deleted from the 
terms and conditions; and all provisions of the terms and conditions which are inapplicable to the ETC 
Securities (including instructions, explanatory notes and text set out in square brackets) shall be deemed 
to be deleted from the terms and conditions, as required to give effect to the terms of the relevant Final 
Terms.  
In the case of (ii) above, the text of the terms and conditions as they appear in the ‘Master Terms and 
Conditions of the ETC Securities’ shall be directly amended by the information contained in the relevant 
Final Terms.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE METAL  
PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF ETC SECURITIES ARE ADVISED TO CONDUCT THEIR OWN 
INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION OF ANY PRECIOUS METAL FORMING PART OF THE SECURED 
PROPERTY FOR THE RELEVANT SERIES OF ETC SECURITIES OR CONSULT WITH THEIR 
RELEVANT ADVISORS AS TO THE PROSPECTS AND CONSEQUENCES OF A PURCHASE OF ETC 
SECURITIES LINKED TO A PARTICULAR PRECIOUS METAL. 
The Issuer will, as subscription proceeds for the issue of ETC Securities, receive the relevant Metal from 
the Authorised Participants subscribing for such ETC Securities, which will form part of the Secured 
Property for such Series of ETC Securities. A custodian appointed to act on behalf of the Issuer will store 
the Metal in both allocated and unallocated accounts, subject to the Conditions of the ETC Securities and 
the Custody Agreement for Secured Accounts. The custodian may hold allocated Metal via a sub-
custodian.  
GOLD 
The information provided below does not purport to be a complete summary of information relating to gold 
or current practices involved in the trading, storage and clearing of gold. The summary below gives relevant 
details about the market for gold in London.  
General Market Information 
Users of the London Gold Markets 
The main market for gold relating to ETC Securities to be issued by the Issuer is the LBMA. Clients served 
by the LBMA include: 
(i) 
Primary producers of bullion wishing to refine or market their product.  
(ii) 
Fabricators, including the global jewellery industry.  
(iii) 
Central banks and other long-term holders of gold seeking to actively manage their gold holdings. 
(iv) 
Investors, fund managers or speculators. 
Trading in bullion consists of transactions in spot, forwards, options and other derivatives on an over-the-
counter (“OTC”) market. The OTC market trades on a 24 hour per day continuous basis and accounts for 
most of the trading in bullion. Members of the London metals market trade with each other rather than 
through an exchange and therefore take the full credit risk of their counterparty. Transactions between 
members tend to be in standard dealing amounts, however when members deal with their clients they can 
provide a tailored service. Unlike a futures exchange where contracts are standardised in terms of contract 
units, settlement dates and delivery specifications, the OTC market is more flexible. Agreements are 
concluded between the two parties to a transaction and remain confidential.  
London Bullion Market Association 
The LBMA is the London-based trade association that represents the wholesale gold and silver bullion 
market in London. London is the focus of the international OTC market for gold and silver, with a client 
base that includes the majority of the central banks that hold gold, plus producers, refiners, fabricators and 
other traders throughout the world. The LBMA was formally incorporated in 1987. 
Members of the London bullion market typically trade with each other and with their clients on a principal-
to-principal basis, which means that all risks, including those of credit, are between the two counterparties 
to a transaction, as opposed to an exchange traded environment. The London bullion market is a wholesale 
market, where minimum traded amounts for clients are generally 1,000 ounces of gold and 50,000 ounces 
of silver.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, further information on the LBMA can be found on www.lbma.org.uk.

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
Good Delivery 
The LBMA “Good Delivery List” is now widely recognised as representing the de facto standard for the 
quality of gold and silver bars due to the stringent criteria for assaying standards and bar quality that an 
applicant must satisfy in order to be listed. 
Trading Units 
(i) 
Troy ounces: The traditional unit of weight used for precious metals. The term derives from the 
French town of Troyes, where this unit was first used in the Middle Ages. One troy ounce is equal 
to 1.0971428 ounces avoirdupois.  
Where one kilogram is equal to 32.1507465 troy ounces, the accepted conversion factors between 
troy ounces and metric units become: 
1,000 grams = 32.1507465 troy ounces 
1 gram = 0.0321507465 troy ounces 
so 1 troy ounce = ((1/32.1507465) X 1,000) = 31.1034768 grams. 
For gold, this is one fine troy ounce. The unit represents pure gold irrespective of the purity of a 
particular bar. Generally, in relation to gold, all references to ounces mean fine troy ounces. 
(ii) 
Fineness: A measure of the proportion of gold in a bullion bar. It therefore defines the purity of a 
gold bar.  
(iii) 
Assaying: The process by which fineness is determined. The fineness of gold jewellery is usually 
expressed in carats (parts of fine gold per 24). Eighteen-carat jewellery is therefore 750 fine in 
bullion market terms. 
Loco London 
Loco London is a central concept for the London bullion market as it represents the basis for international 
trading and settlement in bullion. Most global over-the-counter bullion trading is cleared through the London 
bullion market clearing system, with deals between parties throughout the world settled and cleared in 
London.  
London Bullion Clearing 
London Bullion Clearing is central to the loco London system. It is a daily clearing system of paper transfers 
whereby LBMA members offering clearing services utilise the unallocated gold and silver accounts they 
maintain between each other, not only for the settlement of mutual trades, but for third party transfers. 
These transfers are conducted on behalf of clients and other members of the London bullion market in 
settlement of their own loco London bullion activities. This system avoids the security risks and costs 
involved in the physical movement of bullion. 
The bullion clearing system in the London market is overseen and managed by the London Precious Metals 
Clearing Limited (“LPMCL”), which is jointly owned and managed by those LBMA members who not only 
provide a comprehensive clearing service in the London market, but which also have applied for and been 
granted membership of LPMCL.  
The rules put in place by LPMCL enhance the financial security of the clearing by enabling “netting” of 
clearing activities to be set-off with all other obligations between any two LPMCL members. The netting 
facilities encapsulate both gold and silver. 
Unit for Delivery of Loco London Gold 
The unit for delivery of loco London gold is the London Good Delivery gold bar (“LGD gold bar”). It must 
have a minimum fineness of 995.0 and a gold content of between 350 and 430 fine troy ounces with the 
bar weight expressed in multiples of 0.025 of an ounce (which is the smallest weight used in the market).

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
Bars are generally close to 400 ounces or 12.5 kilograms. The LBMA document The Good Delivery Rules 
for Gold and Silver Bars describes the rules for weighing bars and how the numbers can be rounded. Gold 
bars are weighed using a beam balance. When weighing a gold bar, it must “turn the scale” when the 
correct weight is placed on the scale. If a bar does not “turn the scale,” then the recorded weight is reduced 
by 0.025 of an ounce. 
“Turn the scale” means that the indicator needle on the beam balance moves at least two divisions of 0.002 
ounce each in favour of the bar. 
Fine gold content refers to the actual quantity of pure gold in a bar and is expressed to three decimal 
places. The fine gold content is calculated by multiplying the recorded gross weight by the fineness (to one 
decimal place). Rounding of the third decimal in the resulting figure is allowed if the fourth decimal prior to 
any rounding is a nine. 
Additionally, each gold bar must bear the following markings: 
(i) 
the serial number;  
(ii) 
the assay stamp of refiner; 
(iii) 
the fineness (to four significant figures); and 
(iv) 
the year of manufacture (expressed in four digits). 
LGD gold bars must conform to the specifications for Good Delivery set by the LBMA. A variety of smaller 
exact weight bars is available for sale to wholesale clients in addition to LGD gold bars, however for the 
purposes of the Programme all gold bars that form part of the Secured Property are intended to conform 
to the specifications for Good Delivery set by the LBMA. 
Further information, including The Good Delivery Rules, can be found on http://www.lbma.org.uk/good-
delivery.  
Settlement and Delivery 
The basis for settlement of the loco London bullion quotation is delivery of a standard LGD gold bar at the 
London vault nominated by the dealer who made the sale. While currency settlement or payment for a 
transaction will generally be in U.S. dollars over a dollar account in New York, delivery of gold against 
transactions in gold are in practice made in a number of ways. These include (i) physical delivery at the 
vault of the dealer, (ii) by credit to an ‘allocated account’ (see below) or (iii) through the London Bullion 
Clearing system to the ‘unallocated account’ (see below) of any third party. Many dealers maintain 
‘consignment stocks’ of physical bullion around the world to facilitate efficient and speedy delivery in active 
bullion centres. 
Allocated Accounts 
Allocated accounts are accounts held by dealers in clients’ names on which are maintained balances of 
uniquely identifiable bars of gold “allocated” to a specific client and segregated from other gold held in the 
vault of that dealer.  
The client has full title to this gold with the dealer holding it on the client’s behalf as custodian. Gold in an 
allocated account does not form part of a gold dealer’s assets. Clients’ holdings will be identified in a weight 
list of bars showing the unique bar number, gross weight and the assay or fineness of each bar and its fine 
weight. Credits or debits to the holding will be effected by segregation of bars to or from the client’s 
segregated holding. An allocated account cannot, by definition, be overdrawn. 
Unallocated Accounts 
Unallocated accounts are accounts held by dealers in clients’ names on which are maintained balances of 
gold that represent an entitlement of the client to have equivalent amounts of gold delivered by the dealer.

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
The balances do not represent uniquely identifiable bars of gold “allocated” to a specific client. Unallocated 
accounts represent the easiest and most popular way of trading, settling and holding bullion and are 
integral to the loco London mechanism for these metals. The unit of these accounts in respect of gold is 
one fine troy ounce of gold based upon a 995.0 fine LGD gold bar. The simplicity of this arrangement is 
reflected in the fact that transactions may be settled by credits or debits to the account while the balance 
represents the indebtedness between the two parties. Credit balances on the account do not entitle the 
creditor to specific bars of gold, but instead represent a right of the client to call for delivery of the relevant 
amount of gold. This right is purely contractual and, as such, the client is an unsecured creditor of the 
custodian and is exposed to the general credit risk of the custodian. This is similar to the position with 
respect to clients’ cash held with any bank (although some banks (including banks incorporated in the 
United Kingdom) may have a government-backed guarantee to some monetary level of their cash 
accounts), although there is no government protection for gold held on an unallocated basis. A negative 
balance will represent the gold indebtedness of the client to the dealer in the case where the client has a 
gold overdraft facility.  
Should the client wish to receive actual gold, this is done by “allocating” specific bars, the gold content of 
which is then debited from the unallocated account. Such allocation will usually incur a cost to the client 
as allocated metal requires more management and administration than unallocated metal. Market 
convention is that gold may be allocated on a relevant London business day on which it is called for, with 
gold generally available for collection within two London business days. This time frame can be shortened 
or lengthened by mutual agreement depending upon amount and prevailing market conditions. 
Using the analogy of a simple bank account, gold bars may be drawn down, or allocated, from an 
unallocated account in just the same way that bank notes with specific unique numbers may be drawn out 
of a bank account. 
Market Regulation 
As far as the London bullion market is concerned, regulation falls under two categories, the companies 
involved and the market itself. Responsibility for the prudential banking regulation of many of the financial 
firms that are active in the London bullion market lies with the PRA (www.bankofengland.co.uk). The FCA 
is responsible for the prudential regulation of financial firms not subject to prudential regulation by the PRA. 
The PRA works closely with the FCA, which is responsible for all conduct of business regulation of financial 
firms, as well as for consumer and competition issues. 
Conduct of business in the London bullion market however falls under two jurisdictions dictated by the type 
of business. In its role as conduct regulator for all financial firms, the FCA is responsible for “investment 
business” as defined under the FSMA, which for the bullion market covers derivatives.  
The requirements upon financial firms in their dealings with market professionals are set out in MiFID II 
and Regulation (EU) No 600/2014, which became effective on 3 January 2018. For spot, forwards and 
deposits in gold which are not covered by the FSMA, guidelines for the conduct of business are set out in 
The London Code of Conduct for Non-Investment Products, as amended from time to time (the “NIP 
Code”). This NIP Code has been drawn up by market practitioners representing the foreign exchange, 
money and bullion markets in conjunction with the Bank of England. It sets out the standards of conduct 
and professionalism expected between market practitioners as between them and their clients.  
The London Precious Metal Prices 
The London precious metals market has daily London gold, silver, platinum and palladium auctions, which 
are used to establish prices used as the pricing mechanism for a variety of precious metals transactions 
and products (the “London Prices”). Clients around the world wishing to buy or sell precious metals may 
all do so at the London Price, upon which a small commission is generally charged. These fully transparent 
benchmarks are globally accepted as the basis for pricing a variety of transactions, including industrial 
contracts and averaging business. They may also be used as a basis for cash-settled swap and option

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
transactions. Orders executed at the London Prices are conducted as principal-to-principal transactions 
between the client and the dealer through whom the order is placed. 
London Prices for gold, silver, platinum and palladium are published immediately by the various news 
agencies. 
Historical 
data 
for 
gold 
prices 
may 
be 
found 
on 
the 
LBMA 
website 
(http://www.lbma.org.uk/prices-and-data). 
 
The LBMA Gold Price 
As of 20 March 2015, the LBMA established the LBMA Gold Price, which replaced the long established 
London Gold Fix and ICE Benchmark Administration took over administration of such pricing mechanism 
from the LBMA. ICE Benchmark Administration operates a physically settled, electronic and tradable 
auction process and such process is used to set out LBMA Gold Price twice daily at 10:30 and 15:00 
(London time) in three currencies: USD, EUR and GBP. Within the process, aggregated gold bids and 
offers from certain participants are updated in real-time with the imbalance calculated and the price 
updated every 30 seconds until the buy and sell orders are matched. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, such price participants have been accredited to contribute to the LBMA Gold Price: Bank of 
China, Bank of Communications, Coins 'N' Things, Goldman Sachs, HSBC Bank USA NA, Industrial and 
Commercial Bank of China (ICBC), INTL FCStone, Jane Street Global Trading LLC, JP Morgan Chase 
Bank N.A. London Branch, Koch Supply and Trading LP, Marex Financial Limited, Morgan Stanley, 
Standard Chartered Bank, The Bank of Nova Scotia and The Toronto Dominion Bank. 
Currency Unit 
The market is generally quoted in U.S. dollars per ounce. However, quotations in certain other currencies 
are available. In addition to a U.S. dollar price, the London fixings for gold offer benchmark prices in both 
pounds sterling and euros. However, for the purposes of the ETC Securities, only the U.S. dollar price is 
used. 
Loco London Spot Price 
The loco London spot prices are the bases for virtually all transactions in gold. They are quotations made 
by dealers based on U.S. dollars per fine ounce for gold. Settlement and delivery is two good business 
days in London after the day of the deal.  
A good business day is one in which banks are open in London. If the “normal” spot value date falls on a 
day when the New York U.S. dollar clearing system is closed, then the spot day moves forward one day. 
A list of future value dates for bullion may be found on the LBMA website (www.lbma.org.uk). 
Settlement Credit Risk 
Since London is either five or four hours (depending on the time of the calendar year) ahead of New York 
and the cut-off time for loco London bullion transfer instructions is 16:00 London time, credit exposure 
arises between the parties to a bullion spot transaction against U.S. dollars. The seller of bullion will not 
have absolute confirmation that the countervalue in currency has been received in their New York U.S. 
dollar account before having to release the bullion to their counterpart in London. This credit risk is similar 
to that created by settlement of a foreign exchange transaction, for example euros versus U.S. dollars. 
Vaulting 
Certain members of the London bullion market either use their own vaults for the storage of physical 
precious metals or have the dedicated use of storage facilities with another party. Additionally, for gold, 
account facilities for allocated metal at the Bank of England are sometimes used. Costs for storage and 
insurance of precious metals are subject to negotiation.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
Description of Physical Gold 
Properties 
Gold is a dense, lustrous, yellow precious metal that has been used for a long period of time as a store of 
value, as a unit of exchange and in jewellery. It is the most malleable and ductile metal known to man such 
that a single gram of gold can be beaten into a sheet of one square metre or a wire one mile long. Gold is 
a good conductor of heat and electricity, and it is unaffected by air, heat, moisture and most solvents. It is 
occasionally found in nuggets, but occurs more commonly as minute grains between mineral grain 
boundaries. Historically, gold was obtained by panning stream beds, but modern extraction techniques can 
economically recover gold from ore grades as low as 0.5 parts per million. Gold was used as a benchmark 
for the world monetary system between 1944 and 1971, when the Bretton Woods agreement fixed the 
world’s paper currencies to the U.S. dollar, which in turn was fixed to the price of gold. The collapse of this 
system at the end of 1971 heralded not only freely floating exchange rates but also freely floating gold 
prices. 
Major producers 
Since 1905, South Africa had been the world’s largest producer of gold. However, in 2007 China surpassed 
South African production. South African production has suffered from declining ore grades, maturing 
mines, power disruption and labour unrest during this decade. Today, China, Australia, Russia, the United 
States and Canada account for more than 40 per cent. of the world’s annual gold mine production. 
Major holders 
Global central banks remain a powerful community in terms of the world gold market. According to statistics 
published by the World Gold Council in May 2017 (which were based on the most recent International 
Monetary Fund data at the time of preparation, some of which were from several months earlier), their 
combined holdings amounted to 33,375 tonnes.  
According to those statistics, the largest holder of gold reserves is the United States with 8,134 tonnes, 
equivalent to 75.1 per cent. of the United States’ total reserves. The average gold to total reserve ratio 
across all central banks is 15 per cent.. However, in Europe ratios are significantly higher (with Germany 
holding the highest gold to total reserve ratio at 69.4 per cent.). 
Major uses  
The majority of gold consumption comes from the jewellery sector, alloys of gold with silver, copper and 
other metals are often used because pure gold is often too soft for ordinary use. When used in jewellery, 
the quality of gold is measured in karats (k), with pure gold being 24k, and lower numbers indicating higher 
copper or silver content, for example. Gold has some industrial uses due to its electrical conductivity, 
resistance to corrosion, reflectiveness, and other physical and chemical properties. It is used in electrical 
connectors and contacts, electronics, restorative dentistry, medical applications, chemistry and 
photography.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
SILVER 
The information provided below does not purport to be a complete summary of information relating to silver 
or current practices involved in the trading, storage and clearing of silver. The summary below gives 
relevant details about the market for silver in London.  
General Market Information 
Users of the London Silver Markets 
The main market for silver relating to ETC Securities to be issued by the Issuer is the LBMA. Clients served 
by the LBMA include: 
(i) 
Primary producers of bullion wishing to refine or market their product.  
(ii) 
Fabricators, including the global jewellery industry.  
(iii) 
Central banks. 
(iv) 
Investors, fund managers or speculators. 
Trading in bullion consists of transactions in spot, forwards, options and other derivatives on an OTC 
market. The OTC market trades on a 24 hour per day continuous basis and accounts for most of the trading 
in bullion. Members of the London metals market trade with each other rather than through an exchange 
and therefore take the full credit risk of their counterparty. Transactions between members tend to be in 
standard dealing amounts, however when members deal with their clients they can provide a tailored 
service. Unlike a futures exchange where contracts are standardised in terms of contract units, settlement 
dates and delivery specifications, the OTC market is more flexible. Agreements are concluded between 
the two parties to a transaction and remain confidential.  
London Bullion Market Association 
The LBMA is the London-based trade association that represents the wholesale gold and silver bullion 
market in London. London is the focus of the international OTC market for gold and silver, with a client 
base that includes the majority of the central banks that hold gold, plus producers, refiners, fabricators and 
other traders throughout the world. The LBMA was formally incorporated in 1987. 
Members of the London bullion market typically trade with each other and with their clients on a principal-
to-principal basis, which means that all risks, including those of credit, are between the two counterparties 
to a transaction, as opposed to an exchange traded environment. The London bullion market is a wholesale 
market, where minimum traded amounts for clients are generally 1,000 ounces of gold and 50,000 ounces 
of silver.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, further information on the LBMA can be found on www.lbma.org.uk. 
Good Delivery 
The LBMA “Good Delivery List” is now widely recognised as representing the de facto standard for the 
quality of gold and silver bars due to the stringent criteria for assaying standards and bar quality that an 
applicant must satisfy in order to be listed. 
Trading Units 
(i) 
Troy ounces: The traditional unit of weight used for precious metals. The term derives from the 
French town of Troyes, where this unit was first used in the Middle Ages. One troy ounce is equal 
to 1.0971428 ounces avoirdupois.  
Where one kilogram is equal to 32.1507465 troy ounces, the accepted conversion factors between 
troy ounces and metric units become: 
1,000 grams = 32.1507465 troy ounces

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
1 gram = 0.0321507465 troy ounces 
so 1 troy ounce = ((1/32.1507465) X 1,000) = 31.1034768 grams. 
For silver, one troy ounce represents one ounce of material, of which a minimum of 999 parts in 
every 1,000 will be silver. Generally, in relation to silver, all references to ounces mean troy ounces. 
(ii) 
Fineness: A measure of the proportion of silver in a bullion bar. It therefore defines the purity of a 
silver bar.  
(iii) 
Assaying: The process by which fineness is determined. The purity of silver articles is often quoted 
in the form of fineness. 
Loco London 
Loco London is a central concept for the London bullion market as it represents the basis for international 
trading and settlement in bullion. Most global over-the-counter bullion trading is cleared through the London 
bullion market clearing system, with deals between parties throughout the world settled and cleared in 
London.  
London Bullion Clearing 
London Bullion Clearing is central to the loco London system. It is a daily clearing system of paper transfers 
whereby LBMA members offering clearing services utilise the unallocated gold and silver accounts they 
maintain between each other, not only for the settlement of mutual trades, but for third party transfers. 
These transfers are conducted on behalf of clients and other members of the London bullion market in 
settlement of their own loco London bullion activities. This system avoids the security risks and costs 
involved in the physical movement of bullion. 
The bullion clearing system in the London market is overseen and managed by the LPMCL, which is jointly 
owned and managed by those LBMA members who not only provide a comprehensive clearing service in 
the London market, but which also have applied for and been granted membership of LPMCL.  
The rules put in place by LPMCL enhance the financial security of the clearing by enabling “netting” of 
clearing activities to be set-off with all other obligations between any two LPMCL members. The netting 
facilities encapsulate both gold and silver. 
Unit for Delivery of Loco London Silver 
The unit for delivery of loco London silver is the London Good Delivery silver bar (“LGD silver bar”). It 
must have a minimum fineness of 999 and a weight range of between 750 and 1,100 ounces, although it 
is recommended that ideally bars should be produced within the range of 900 to 1,050 ounces. Bars 
generally weigh around 1,000 ounces. The bar weight is expressed in multiples of 0.10 of an ounce (which 
is the smallest weight used for a beam balance). The LBMA document The Good Delivery Rules for Gold 
and Silver Bars describes the rules for weighing bars and how the numbers can be rounded. Silver bars 
are weighed using a beam balance. When weighing a silver bar, it must “turn the scale” when the correct 
weight is placed on the scale. If a bar does not “turn the scale,” then the recorded weight is reduced by 
0.10 of an ounce. 
“Turn the scale” means that the indicator needle on the beam balance moves at least two divisions of 0.002 
ounce each in favour of the bar. 
Additionally, each silver bar must bear the following markings: 
(i) 
the serial number;  
(ii) 
the assay stamp of refiner; 
(iii) 
the fineness (to either three or four significant figures);

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
(iv) 
the year of manufacture (expressed in four digits); and 
(v) 
optionally, the weight, if included, may be shown in either troy ounces or kilograms. 
LGD silver bars must conform to the specifications for Good Delivery set by the LBMA. A variety of smaller 
exact weight bars is available for sale to wholesale clients in addition to LGD silver bars, however for the 
purposes of the Programme all silver bars that form part of the Secured Property are intended to conform 
to the specifications for Good Delivery set by the LBMA. 
Further information, including The Good Delivery Rules, can be found on http://www.lbma.org.uk/good-
delivery.  
Settlement and Delivery 
The basis for settlement of the loco London bullion quotation is delivery of a standard LGD silver bar at the 
London vault nominated by the dealer who made the sale. While currency settlement or payment for a 
transaction will generally be in U.S. dollars over a dollar account in New York, delivery of silver against 
transactions in silver are in practice made in a number of ways. These include (i) physical delivery at the 
vault of the dealer, (ii) by credit to an ‘allocated account’ (see below) or (iii) through the London Bullion 
Clearing system to the ‘unallocated account’ (see below) of any third party. Many dealers maintain 
‘consignment stocks’ of physical bullion around the world to facilitate efficient and speedy delivery in active 
bullion centres. 
Allocated Accounts 
Allocated accounts are accounts held by dealers in clients’ names on which are maintained balances of 
uniquely identifiable bars of silver “allocated” to a specific client and segregated from other silver held in 
the vault of that dealer.  
The client has full title to this silver with the dealer holding it on the client’s behalf as custodian. Silver in 
an allocated account does not form part of a silver dealer’s assets. Clients’ holdings will be identified in a 
weight list of bars showing the unique bar number, gross weight and the assay or fineness of each bar. 
Credits or debits to the holding will be effected by segregation of bars to or from the client’s segregated 
holding. An allocated account cannot, by definition, be overdrawn. 
Unallocated Accounts 
Unallocated accounts are accounts held by dealers in clients’ names on which are maintained balances of 
silver that represent an entitlement of the client to have equivalent amounts of silver delivered by the dealer. 
The balances do not represent uniquely identifiable bars of silver “allocated” to a specific client. Unallocated 
accounts represent the easiest and most popular way of trading, settling and holding bullion and are 
integral to the loco London mechanism for these metals. The unit of these accounts in respect of silver is 
one troy ounce of silver based upon a 999 fine LGD silver bar. The simplicity of this arrangement is reflected 
in the fact that transactions may be settled by credits or debits to the account while the balance represents 
the indebtedness between the two parties. Credit balances on the account do not entitle the creditor to 
specific bars of silver but instead represent a right of the client to call for delivery of the relevant amount of 
silver. This right is purely contractual and, as such, the client is an unsecured creditor of the custodian and 
is exposed to the general credit risk of the custodian. This is similar to the position with respect to clients’ 
cash held with any bank (although some banks (including banks incorporated in the United Kingdom) may 
have a government-backed guarantee to some monetary level of their cash accounts), although there is 
no government protection for silver held on an unallocated basis. A negative balance will represent the 
silver indebtedness of the client to the dealer in the case where the client has a silver overdraft facility.  
Should the client wish to receive actual silver, this is done by “allocating” specific bars, the silver content 
of which is then debited from the unallocated account. Such allocation will usually incur a cost to the client 
as allocated metal requires more management and administration than unallocated metal. Market 
convention is that silver may be allocated on a relevant London business day on which it is called for, with

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
silver generally available for collection within two London business days. This time frame can be shortened 
or lengthened by mutual agreement depending upon amount and prevailing market conditions. 
Using the analogy of a simple bank account, silver bars may be drawn down, or allocated, from an 
unallocated account in just the same way that bank notes with specific unique numbers may be drawn out 
of a bank account. 
Market Regulation 
As far as the London bullion market is concerned, regulation falls under two categories, the companies 
involved and the market itself. Responsibility for the prudential banking regulation of many of the financial 
firms that are active in the London bullion market lies with the PRA (www.bankofengland.co.uk). The FCA 
is responsible for the prudential regulation of financial firms not subject to prudential regulation by the PRA. 
The PRA works closely with the FCA, which is responsible for all conduct of business regulation of financial 
firms, as well as for consumer and competition issues 
Conduct of business in the London bullion market however falls under two jurisdictions dictated by the type 
of business. In its role as conduct regulator for all financial firms, the FCA is responsible for “investment 
business” as defined under the FSMA, which for the bullion market covers derivatives.  
The requirements upon financial firms in their dealings with market professionals are set out in MiFID II 
and Regulation (EU) No 600/2014, which became effective on 3 January 2018. For spot, forwards and 
deposits in silver which are not covered by the FSMA, guidelines for the conduct of business are set out in 
The London Code of Conduct for Non-Investment Products, as amended from time to time (the “NIP 
Code”). This NIP Code has been drawn up by market practitioners representing the foreign exchange, 
money and bullion markets in conjunction with the Bank of England. It sets out the standards of conduct 
and professionalism expected between market practitioners as between them and their clients. 
The London Precious Metal Fixings 
The London precious metals market has daily London gold, silver, platinum and palladium auctions, which 
are used to establish prices used as the pricing mechanism for a variety of precious metals transactions 
and products (the “London Prices”). Clients around the world wishing to buy or sell precious metals may 
all do so at the London Price, upon which a small commission is generally charged. These fully transparent 
benchmarks are globally accepted as the basis for pricing a variety of transactions, including industrial 
contracts and averaging business. They may also be used as a basis for cash-settled swap and option 
transactions. Orders executed at the London Prices are conducted as principal-to-principal transactions 
between the client and the dealer through whom the order is placed. 
London Prices for gold, silver, platinum and palladium are published immediately by the various news 
agencies. 
Historical 
data 
for 
silver 
prices 
may 
be 
found 
on 
the 
LBMA 
website 
(http://www.lbma.org.uk/prices-and-data). 
The LBMA Silver Price 
As of 15 August 2014, the LBMA established the LBMA Silver Price, which replaced the long established 
London Silver Fix and Thomson Reuters took over administration of the LBMA Silver Price from the LBMA. 
CME Group provide the electronic auction platform on which the price is calculated. The LBMA Silver Price 
is set by a series of auction rounds, each lasting 30 seconds. The auction begins daily at 12:00 and 
participants are required to input their buy volume and sell volume orders in lakhs (100,000 ounces) or 
quarter lakhs (25,000 ounces). The initial price at the start of the process is likely to be close to the spot 
price. In the first round the system algorithm will attempt to match buy and sell orders within the permitted 
tolerance level (3 lakhs). If the buy and sell orders are out of tolerance, the auction price will change and 
the auction will restart until the buy and sell volumes are in tolerance and the equilibrium price is set. As of 
the date of this Base Prospectus, seven price participants have been accredited to contribute to the LBMA 
Silver Price: China Construction Bank, HSBC Bank USA NA, JP Morgan Chase Bank, Morgan Stanley, 
The Bank of Nova Scotia – ScotiaMocatta, The Toronto-Dominion Bank and UBS AG.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
Currency Unit 
The market is generally quoted in U.S. dollars per ounce. Quotations in other currencies are available upon 
negotiation. In addition to a U.S. dollar price, the London fixings for silver offer benchmark prices in both 
pounds sterling and euros. However, for the purposes of the ETC Securities, only the U.S. dollar price is 
used. 
Loco London Spot Price 
The loco London spot prices are the bases for virtually all transactions in silver. They are quotations made 
by dealers based on U.S. dollars per ounce for silver. Settlement and delivery is two good business days 
in London after the day of the deal.  
A good business day is one in which banks are open in London. If the “normal” spot value date falls on a 
day when the New York U.S. dollar clearing system is closed, then the spot day moves forward one day. 
A list of future value dates for bullion may be found on the LBMA website (www.lbma.org.uk). 
Settlement Credit Risk 
Since London is either five or four hours (depending on the time of the calendar year) ahead of New York 
and the cut-off time for loco London bullion transfer instructions is 16:00 London time, credit exposure 
arises between the parties to a bullion spot transaction against U.S. dollars. The seller of bullion will not 
have absolute confirmation that the countervalue in currency has been received in their New York U.S. 
dollar account before having to release the bullion to their counterpart in London. This credit risk is similar 
to that created by settlement of a foreign exchange transaction, for example euros versus U.S. dollars. 
Vaulting 
Certain members of the London bullion market either use their own vaults for the storage of physical 
precious metals or have the dedicated use of storage facilities with another party. Costs for storage and 
insurance of precious metals are subject to negotiation. 
Description of Physical Silver 
Properties  
Silver is often found in close proximity to other ores, such as lead, copper and zinc. Silver has the highest 
electrical conductivity of all metals, but its cost being many times more expensive than copper has 
prevented it from being used more widely for electrical purposes. It is also ductile, malleable, a superior 
conductor of heat and a good reflector of light.  
Major producers  
Approximately three quarters of silver production is mined from lead-zinc, copper and gold mines as a by-
product of these metals. Mexico was the largest producer of silver in 2016 followed by Peru, China, Chile 
and Australia. The United States, China and Japan are the largest consumers of silver representing almost 
more than 40 per cent. of world demand, followed by India and Germany. 
Major users  
Demand for Silver is dominated by three main categories: jewellery and silverware, industrial applications 
and photography. It is used in the electronics sector due to its conductivity and price in relation to gold. 
Photographic use has declined with the rise of digital photography. Other industrial applications of silver 
include catalyst use, water purification, electrical applications, brazing and soldering, mirror and other 
coating and electroplating.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
PLATINUM 
The information provided below does not purport to be a complete summary of information relating to 
platinum or current practices involved in the trading, storage and clearing of platinum. The summary below 
gives relevant details about the market for platinum in London.  
General Market Information 
Users of the London Platinum Markets 
The main market for platinum relating to ETC Securities to be issued by the Issuer is LPPM. Clients served 
by the LPPM include: 
(i) 
Primary producers of platinum wishing to refine or market their product.  
(ii) 
Fabricators, including the global jewellery industry.  
(iii) 
Central banks. 
(iv) 
Investors, fund managers or speculators. 
Trading in platinum consists of transactions in spot, forwards, options and other derivatives on an OTC 
market. The OTC market trades on a 24 hour per day continuous basis and accounts for most of the trading 
in platinum. Members of the London metals market trade with each other rather than through an exchange 
and therefore take the full credit risk of their counterparty. Transaction between members tend to be in 
standard dealing amounts, however when members deal with their clients they can provide a tailored 
service. Unlike a futures exchange where contracts are standardised in terms of contract units, settlement 
dates and delivery specifications, the OTC market is more flexible. Agreements are concluded between 
the two parties to a transaction and remain confidential.  
London Platinum and Palladium Market  
The LPPM is a trade association that acts as a co-ordinator for activities conducted by its members1 and 
other market participants in the London market. The LPPM has three categories: full, associate and 
affiliate.  
Full membership of the LPPM is open to those companies in the UK currently engaged in trading and 
dealing in platinum and palladium and that are recognised by the Management Committee of the LPPM 
as offering additional services in the UK to the market, including market-making, clearing services, refining 
or manufacturing. All founding members of the LPPM are full members.  
Associate membership is open to companies in the UK that are recognised by the Management Committee 
of the LPPM as being currently engaged in trading and dealing in platinum and palladium and have an 
appropriate level of net assets and experience.  
Affiliation is open to those companies which fail to meet the normal requirements of full or associate 
membership as above but are recognised by the LPPM as being involved with or offering support to the 
global platinum and palladium markets.  
The LPPM is managed by a Chairman and Management Committee, elected annually by members. 
Leading organisations dealing in platinum and palladium in major centres worldwide are represented on 
the LPPM. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Deutsche Bank AG is an associate member of the LPPM although 
it is not an accredited price participant with respect to the determination of the LPPM Platinum Price. 
 
1 For the full list of members see the LPPM website at www.lppm.com

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
History 
London has always been an important centre for platinum and palladium. Trading was established in the 
early decades of the twentieth century, usually alongside the longer established bullion metals. 
In 1973 the London Platinum Quotation was introduced. It was the forerunner of the fixings; a twice-daily 
indication of the market price for spot platinum, reported by some of the principal companies dealing in the 
metal. 
In 1979 the leading London and Zurich dealers reached an agreement to standardise the specifications 
and provenance of metal which they would accept as good delivery. In 1987 the informal trading which 
had taken place for many years on a principal to principal basis was formalised via a Deed of Establishment 
into the LPPM. In 1989 the London Platinum and Palladium Quotations were expanded and upgraded to 
full fixings. 
Good Delivery 
To facilitate trading among members, a list of acceptable melters and assayers is maintained by the LPPM. 
This is known as The London Good Delivery List. The rules for Good Delivery can be found at the following 
website address: https://www.lppm.com/good-delivery/. 
Trading Units 
(i) 
Troy ounces: The traditional unit of weight used for precious metals. The term derives from the 
French town of Troyes, where this unit was first used in the Middle Ages. One troy ounce is equal 
to 1.0971428 ounces avoirdupois.  
Where one kilogram is equal to 32.1507465 troy ounces, the accepted conversion factors between 
troy ounces and metric units become: 
1,000 grams = 32.1507465 troy ounces 
1 gram = 0.0321507465 troy ounces 
so 1 troy ounce = ((1/32.1507465) X 1,000) = 31.1034768 grams 
For platinum, this is one troy ounce and it represents one ounce of material, of which a minimum of 
999.5 parts in every 1,000 will be platinum. Generally, in relation to platinum, all references to 
ounces mean troy ounces. 
(ii) 
Fineness: A measure of the proportion of platinum in a plate or ingot and is expressed in terms of 
the fine metal content in parts per 1,000. It therefore defines the purity of a platinum plate or ingot. 
(iii) 
Assaying: The process by which fineness is determined. The purity of platinum is often quoted in 
the form of fineness.  
Unit for Delivery of Loco London Platinum 
The unit for delivery of loco London platinum is the Good Delivery platinum plate or ingot. It must have a 
minimum fineness of 999.5 and a weight of between one kilogram (32.151 troy ounces) and six kilograms 
(192.904 troy ounces). The weight of the plate or ingot if in grams must be expressed to one decimal place 
and if in troy ounces to three decimal places. Platinum Good Delivery plates or ingots must conform to the 
specifications for Good Delivery set by the LPPM. To qualify as Good Delivery platinum must conform to 
the following specifications: 
(i) 
Markings: Each plate or ingot must bear: 
(a) 
the producer’s recognised mark; 
(b) 
the letters PT or PLATINUM with a stamp indicating the purity; 
(c) 
an individual number or mark;

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
(d) 
the year of manufacture; and 
(e) 
the weight in grams, kilograms or troy ounces (if in grams to one decimal place, if in kilograms 
to four decimal places, or if in troy ounces to three decimal places). 
(ii) 
Appearance: Smooth, free from cavities and easy to handle. 
The list of refiners and assayers whose material was found by the LPPM to meet the required standard 
can be found at the following website address: https://www.lppm.com/platinum-list/. 
Settlement and Delivery 
The basis for settlement is delivery of a standard Good Delivery plate or ingot at the London vault 
nominated by the dealer who made the sale. While currency settlement or payment for a transaction will 
generally be in U.S. dollars over a dollar account in New York, delivery of platinum against transactions in 
platinum are in practice made in a number of ways. These include (i) physical delivery at the vault of the 
dealer, (ii) by credit to an “allocated account” (see below) or (iii) through the London Bullion Clearing to the 
“unallocated account” (see below) of any third party.  
Allocated Accounts 
Allocated accounts are accounts held by dealers in clients’ names on which are maintained balances of 
uniquely identifiable plates or ingots of platinum “allocated” to a specific client and segregated from other 
platinum held in the vault of that dealer.  
The client has full title to this platinum with the dealer holding it on the client’s behalf as custodian. Platinum 
in an allocated account does not form part of a platinum dealer’s assets. Clients’ holdings will be identified 
in a weight list of plates or ingots showing the unique plate or ingot number, gross weight and the assay 
or fineness of each plate or ingot. Credits or debits to the holding will be effected by segregation of plates 
or ingots to or from the client’s segregated holding. An allocated account cannot, by definition, be 
overdrawn. 
Unallocated Accounts 
Unallocated accounts are accounts held by dealers in clients’ names on which are maintained balances of 
platinum that represent an entitlement of the client to have equivalent amounts of platinum delivered by 
the dealer. The balances do not represent uniquely identifiable plates or ingots of platinum “allocated” to 
specific client. Unallocated accounts represent the easiest and most popular way of trading, settling and 
holding platinum and are integral to the loco London mechanism for these metals. The unit of these 
accounts in respect of platinum is one troy ounce of platinum based upon a 999.5 fine Good Delivery 
platinum plate or ingot. The simplicity of this arrangement is reflected in the fact that transactions may be 
settled by credits or debits to the account while the balance represents the indebtedness between the two 
parties. Credit balances on the account do not entitle the creditor to specific plates or ingots of platinum 
but instead represent a right of the client to call for delivery of the relevant amount of platinum. This right 
is purely contractual and, as such, the client is an unsecured creditor of the custodian and is exposed to 
the general credit risk of the custodian. This is similar to the position with respect to clients’ cash held with 
any bank (although some banks (including banks incorporated in the United Kingdom) may have a 
government-backed guarantee to some monetary level of their cash accounts), although there is no 
government protection for platinum held on an unallocated basis. A negative balance will represent the 
platinum indebtedness of the client to the dealer in the case where the client has a platinum overdraft 
facility. 
Should the client wish to receive actual platinum, this is done by “allocating” specific plates or ingots or 
equivalent precious metal product, the platinum content of which is then debited from the unallocated 
account. Such allocation will usually incur a cost to the client as allocated metal requires more management 
and administration than unallocated metal. Market convention is that platinum may be allocated on a 
relevant London business day on which it is called for, with platinum generally available for collection within

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
two London business days. This time frame can be shortened or lengthened by mutual agreement 
depending upon amount and prevailing market conditions. 
Using the analogy of a simple bank account, platinum plates or ingots may be drawn down, or allocated, 
from an unallocated account in just the same way that bank notes with specific unique numbers may be 
drawn out of a bank account. 
Market Regulation 
The principal-to-principal platinum and palladium market is not in itself regulated by the PRA or FCA, 
although some of the participants may be regulated to the extent that they trade in platinum or palladium 
derivative products or they need to be FCA (and, if applicable PRA) regulated by virtue of other aspects of 
their business. 
The London Precious Metal Fixings 
The London precious metals market has daily London gold, silver, platinum and palladium auctions, which 
are used to establish prices used as the pricing mechanism for a variety of precious metals transactions 
and products (the “London Prices”). Clients around the world wishing to buy or sell precious metals may 
all do so at the London Price, upon which a small commission is generally charged. These fully transparent 
benchmarks are globally accepted as the basis for pricing a variety of transactions, including industrial 
contracts and averaging business. They may also be used as a basis for cash-settled swap and option 
transactions. Orders executed at the London Prices are conducted as principal-to-principal transactions 
between the client and the dealer through whom the order is placed. 
London Prices for gold, silver, platinum and palladium are published immediately by the various news 
agencies. 
Historical 
data 
for 
platinum 
prices 
may 
be 
found 
on 
the 
LPPM 
website 
(https://www.lppm.com/data/). 
The London Platinum Price 
The London Platinum Price is administrated by the London Metal Exchange and is conducted as an 
electronic auction by four full members of the LPPM at 9:45 and 14:00 London time each working day. 
Authorised traders are BASF Metals Limited, Goldman Sachs International, HSBC Bank USA NA London 
Branch, Johnson Matthey plc and Standard Bank plc. The auction takes place by means of a fully 
automated price-discovery process; authorised traders participate through a secure web interface, where 
they can view the auction price and each submit their interest until a final price is set. 
Unless otherwise agreed by the parties, settlement shall be made two business days after the date of the 
contract and for settlement purposes Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays in London and/or New York 
are to be considered non-business days. Unless otherwise agreed delivery shall be made at the vaults of 
the member, in London or Zurich. For the purposes of the Base Prospectus and the Issuer, delivery of 
platinum over which Security will be taken by the Trustee will only be made in London.  
Currency Unit 
The market is generally quoted in U.S. dollars per ounce. Quotations in other currencies are available upon 
negotiation. In addition to a U.S. dollar price, the London fixings for platinum offer benchmark prices in 
both pounds sterling and euros. However, for the purposes of the ETC Securities, only the U.S. dollar price 
is used. 
Loco London Spot Price 
The loco London spot prices are the bases for virtually all transactions in platinum. They are quotations 
made by dealers based on U.S. dollars per ounce for platinum. Settlement and delivery is two good 
business days in London after the day of the deal.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
A good business day is one in which banks are open in London. If the “normal” spot value date falls on a 
day when the New York U.S. dollar clearing system is closed, then the spot day moves forward one day. 
A list of future value dates for platinum may be found on the LPPM website (www.lppm.com). 
Settlement Credit Risk 
Since London is either five or four hours (depending on the time of the calendar year) ahead of New York 
and the cut-off time for loco London platinum transfer instructions is 15:00 London time, credit exposure 
arises between the parties to a platinum spot transaction against U.S. dollars. The seller of platinum will 
not have absolute confirmation that the countervalue in currency has been received in their New York U.S. 
dollar account before having to release the platinum to their counterpart in London. This credit risk is similar 
to that created by settlement of a foreign exchange transaction, for example euros versus U.S. dollars. 
Vaulting 
Certain members of the London platinum market either use their own vaults for the storage of physical 
precious metals or have the dedicated use of storage facilities with another party. Costs for storage and 
insurance of precious metals are subject to negotiation. 
Description of Physical Platinum 
Properties 
Platinum has a very recent history, unlike gold and silver, which have been known since the earliest 
civilisations. Platinum was only categorised as a precious metal in 1751. It is a noble metal which means 
that very few chemicals with react with it or corrode it. It is 30 times rarer than gold and it is also twice as 
expensive and heavy as gold. 
Major producers  
The major producers are South Africa, Russia, Zimbabwe, Canada and the United States. In terms of yield, 
7 to 12 tonnes of ore are required to produce one troy ounce of platinum. 
Major uses  
Platinum has excellent catalytic properties and fuel cells use it as catalyst to convert hydrogen and oxygen 
to electricity. This accounts for over 40 per cent. of total platinum usage. Platinum’s role in hydrogen fuel 
cell technology could revolutionise the demand for the metal in an environment of high oil prices and focus 
on renewable energies.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
PALLADIUM 
The information provided below does not purport to be a complete summary of information relating to 
palladium or current practices involved in the trading, storage and clearing of palladium. The summary 
below gives relevant details about the market for palladium in London.  
General Market Information 
Users of the London Palladium Markets 
The main market for palladium relating to ETC Securities to be issued by the Issuer is the LPPM. Clients 
served by the LPPM include: 
(i) 
Primary producers of palladium wishing to refine or market their product.  
(ii) 
Fabricators, including the global jewellery industry.  
(iii) 
Central banks. 
(iv) 
Investors, fund managers or speculators. 
Trading in palladium consists of transactions in spot, forwards, options and other derivatives on an OTC 
market. The OTC market trades on a 24 hour per day continuous basis and accounts for most of the trading 
in palladium. Members of the London metals market trade with each other rather than through an exchange 
and therefore take the full credit risk of their counterparty. Transaction between members tend to be in 
standard dealing amounts, however when members deal with their clients they can provide a tailored 
service. Unlike a futures exchange where contracts are standardised in terms of contract units, settlement 
dates and delivery specifications, the OTC market is more flexible. Agreements are concluded between 
the two parties to a transaction and remain confidential.  
London Platinum and Palladium Market  
The LPPM is a trade association that acts as a co-ordinator for activities conducted by its members2 and 
other market participants in the London market. The LPPM has three categories: full, associate and 
affiliate.  
Full membership of the LPPM is open to those companies in the UK currently engaged in trading and 
dealing in platinum and palladium and are recognised by the Management Committee of the LPPM as 
offering additional services in the UK to the market, including market-making, clearing services, refining or 
manufacturing. All founding members of the LPPM are full members.  
Associate membership is open to companies in the UK which are recognised by the Management 
Committee of the LPPM as being currently engaged in trading and dealing in platinum and palladium and 
have an appropriate level of net assets and experience.  
Affiliation is open to those companies which fail to meet the normal requirements of full or associate 
membership as above but are recognised by the LPPM as being involved with or offering support to the 
global platinum and palladium markets.  
The LPPM is managed by a Chairman and Management Committee, elected annually by members. 
Leading organisations dealing in platinum and palladium in major centres worldwide are represented on 
the LPPM. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Deutsche Bank AG is an associate member of the LPPM although 
it is not an accredited price participant with respect to the determination of the LPPM Palladium Price. 
 
2 For the full list of Members see the LPPM website at www.lppm.com

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
History 
London has always been an important centre for platinum and palladium. Trading was established in the 
early decades of this century, usually alongside the longer established bullion metals. 
In 1979 the leading London and Zurich dealers reached an agreement to standardise the specifications 
and provenance of metal which they would accept as good delivery. In 1987 the informal trading which 
had taken place for many years on a principal to principal basis was formalised via a Deed of Establishment 
into the LPPM. In 1989 the London Platinum and Palladium Quotations were expanded and upgraded to 
full fixings. 
Good Delivery 
To facilitate trading among members, a list of acceptable melters and assayers is maintained by the LPPM. 
This is known as The London Good Delivery List. The rules for Good Delivery can be found at the following 
website address: https://www.lppm.com/good-delivery/. 
Trading Units 
(i) 
Troy ounces: The traditional unit of weight used for precious metals. The term derives from the 
French town of Troyes, where this unit was first used in the Middle Ages. One troy ounce is equal 
to 1.0971428 ounces avoirdupois.  
Where one kilogram is equal to 32.1507465 troy ounces, the accepted conversion factors between 
troy ounces and metric units become: 
1,000 grams = 32.1507465 troy ounces 
1 gram = 0.0321507465 troy ounces 
so 1 troy ounce = ((1/32.1507465) X 1,000) = 31.1034768 grams 
For palladium, this is one troy ounce and it represents one ounce of material, of which a minimum 
of 999.5 parts in every 1,000 will be palladium. Generally, in relation to palladium, all references to 
ounces mean troy ounces. 
(ii) 
Fineness: A measure of the proportion of palladium in a plate or ingot and is expressed in terms of 
the fine metal content in parts per 1,000. It therefore defines the purity of a palladium plate or ingot. 
(iii) 
Assaying: The process by which fineness is determined. The purity of palladium articles is often 
quoted in the form of fineness.  
Unit for Delivery of Loco London Palladium 
The unit for delivery of loco London palladium is the Good Delivery palladium plate or ingot. It must have 
a minimum fineness of 999.5 and a weight of between one kilogram (32.151 troy ounces) and six kilograms 
(192.904 troy ounces). The weight of the plate or ingot if in grams must be expressed to one decimal place 
and if in troy ounces to three decimal places. Palladium Good Delivery plates or ingots must conform to 
the specifications for Good Delivery set by the LPPM. 
In addition, to qualify as “good delivery” palladium must conform to the following specifications: 
(i) 
Markings: Each plate or ingot must bear: 
(a) 
the producer’s recognised mark; 
(b) 
the letters PD or PALLADIUM with a stamp indicating the purity; 
(c) 
an individual number or mark; 
(d) 
the year of manufacture; and

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
(e) 
the weight in grams, kilograms or troy ounces (if in grams to one decimal place, if in kilograms 
to four decimal places, or if in troy ounces to three decimal places). 
(ii) 
Appearance: Smooth, free from cavities and easy to handle. 
The list of refiners and assayers whose material was found by the LPPM to meet the required standard 
can be found at the following website address: https://www.lppm.com/palladium-list/. 
Settlement and Delivery 
The basis for settlement is delivery of a standard Good Delivery plate or ingot at the London vault 
nominated by the dealer who made the sale. While currency settlement or payment for a transaction will 
generally be in U.S. dollars over a dollar account in New York, delivery of palladium against transactions 
in palladium are in practice made in a number of ways. These include (i) physical delivery at the vault of 
the dealer, (ii) by credit to an “allocated account” (see below) or (iii) through the London Clearing to the 
“unallocated account” (see below) of any third party.  
Allocated Accounts 
Allocated accounts are accounts held by dealers in clients’ names on which are maintained balances of 
uniquely identifiable plates or ingots of palladium “allocated” to a specific client and segregated from other 
palladium held in the vault of that dealer.  
The client has full title to this palladium with the dealer holding it on the client’s behalf as custodian. 
Palladium in an allocated account does not form part of a palladium dealer’s assets. Clients’ holdings will 
be identified in a weight list of plates or ingots showing the unique plate or ingot number, gross weight and 
the assay or fineness of each plate or ingot. Credits or debits to the holding will be effected by segregation 
of plates or ingots to or from the client’s segregated holding. An allocated account cannot, by definition, be 
overdrawn. 
Unallocated Accounts 
Unallocated accounts are accounts held by dealers in clients’ names on which are maintained balances of 
palladium that represent an entitlement of the client to have equivalent amounts of palladium delivered by 
the dealer. The balances do not represent uniquely identifiable plates or ingots of palladium “allocated” to 
specific client. Unallocated accounts represent the easiest and most popular way of trading, settling and 
holding palladium and are integral to the loco London mechanism for these metals. The unit of these 
accounts in respect of palladium is one troy ounce of palladium based upon a 999.55 fine Good Delivery 
palladium plate or ingot. The simplicity of this arrangement is reflected in the fact that transactions may be 
settled by credits or debits to the account while the balance represents the indebtedness between the two 
parties. Credit balances on the account do not entitle the creditor to specific plates or ingots of palladium, 
but instead represent a right of the client to call for delivery of the relevant amount of palladium. This right 
is purely contractual and, as such, the client is an unsecured creditor of the custodian and is exposed to 
the general credit risk of the custodian. This is similar to the position with respect to clients’ cash held with 
any bank (although some banks (including banks incorporated in the United Kingdom) may have a 
government-backed guarantee to some monetary level of their cash accounts), although there is no 
government protection for palladium held on an unallocated basis. A negative balance will represent the 
palladium indebtedness of the client to the dealer in the case where the client has a palladium overdraft 
facility. 
Should the client wish to receive actual palladium, this is done by “allocating” specific plates or ingots or 
equivalent precious metal product, the palladium content of which is then debited from the unallocated 
account. Such allocation will usually incur a cost to the client as allocated metal requires more management 
and administration than unallocated metal. Market convention is that palladium may be allocated on a 
relevant London business day on which it is called for, with palladium generally available for collection 
within two London business days. This time frame can be shortened or lengthened by mutual agreement 
depending upon amount and prevailing market conditions.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
Using the analogy of a simple bank account, palladium plates or ingots may be drawn down, or allocated, 
from an unallocated account in just the same way that bank notes with specific unique numbers may be 
drawn out of a bank account. 
Market Regulation 
The principal-to-principal platinum and palladium market is not in itself regulated by the PRA or FCA, 
although some of the participants may be regulated to the extent that they trade in platinum or palladium 
derivative products or they need to be FCA (and, if applicable PRA) regulated by virtue of other aspects of 
their business. 
The London Precious Metal Fixings 
The London precious metals market has the London gold, silver, platinum and palladium prices (the 
“London Prices”). The guiding principle behind the London Prices is that all business, whether for large 
or small amounts, is conducted solely on the basis of a single published London Price. Clients around the 
world wishing to buy or sell precious metals may all do so at the London Price, upon which a small 
commission is generally charged. These fully transparent benchmarks are globally accepted as the basis 
for pricing a variety of transactions, including industrial contracts and averaging business. They may also 
be used as a basis for cash-settled swap and option transactions. Orders executed at the London Prices 
are conducted as principal-to-principal transactions between the client and the dealer through whom the 
order is placed. 
London Prices for gold, silver, platinum and palladium are published immediately by the various news 
agencies. Historical data for Palladium Price data may be found on the LPPM website 
(https://www.lppm.com/data/). 
 
The London Palladium Price 
The London Palladium Price is administrated by the London Metal Exchange and is conducted as an 
electronic auction by four full members of the LPPM at 9:45 and 14:00 London time each working day. 
Authorised traders are BASF Metals Limited, Goldman Sachs International, HSBC Bank USA NA London 
Branch, Johnson Matthey plc and Standard Bank plc. The auction takes place by means of a fully 
automated price-discovery process; authorised traders participate through a secure web interface, where 
they can view the auction price and each submit their interest until a final price is set. 
Unless otherwise agreed by the parties, settlement shall be made two business days after the date of the 
contract and for settlement purposes Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays in London and/or New York 
are to be considered non-business days. Unless otherwise agreed delivery shall be made at the vaults of 
the member, in London or Zurich. For the purposes of the Base Prospectus and the Issuer, delivery of 
palladium over which Security will be taken by the Trustee will only be made in London.  
Currency Unit 
The market is generally quoted in U.S. dollars per ounce. Quotations in other currencies are available upon 
negotiation. In addition to a U.S. dollar price, the London fixings for palladium offer benchmark prices in 
both pounds sterling and euros. However, for the purposes of the ETC Securities, only the U.S. dollar price 
is used. 
Loco London Spot Price 
The loco London spot prices are the bases for virtually all transactions in palladium. They are quotations 
made by dealers based on U.S. dollars per ounce for palladium. Settlement and delivery is two good 
business days in London after the day of the deal.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
A good business day is one in which banks are open in London. If the “normal” spot value date falls on a 
day when the New York U.S. dollar clearing system is closed, then the spot day moves forward one day. 
A list of future value dates for palladium may be found on the LPPM website (www.lppm.com). 
Settlement Credit Risk 
Since London is either five or four hours (depending on the time of the calendar year) ahead of New York 
and the cut-off time for loco London palladium transfer instructions is 15:00 London time, credit exposure 
arises between the parties to a palladium spot transaction against U.S. dollars. The seller of palladium will 
not have absolute confirmation that the countervalue in currency has been received in their New York U.S. 
dollar account before having to release the palladium to their counterpart in London. This credit risk is 
similar to that created by settlement of a foreign exchange transaction, for example euros versus U.S. 
dollars. 
Vaulting 
Certain members of the London palladium market either use their own vaults for the storage of physical 
precious metals or have the dedicated use of storage facilities with another party. Costs for storage and 
insurance of precious metals are subject to negotiation. 
Description of Physical Palladium 
Properties 
Palladium has a very recent history, unlike gold and silver, which have been known since the earliest 
civilisations. Palladium was isolated as a separate metal less than 200 years ago. It has excellent catalytic 
properties but it is not as resistant to tarnishing as platinum. 
Major producers 
The major producers are Russia, South Africa, Canada, the United States and Zimbabwe. 
Major uses  
Catalytic applications account for the majority of total palladium usage, with the leading use being in 
automobile catalysts, as well as catalysts in bulk-chemical production and petroleum refining, with the next 
biggest usages in electronics and jewellery.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
RHODIUM 
The information provided below does not purport to be a complete summary of information relating to 
rhodium or current practices involved in the trading, storage and clearing of rhodium. The summary below 
gives relevant details about the market for rhodium in London.  
General Market Information 
Participants in the rhodium market 
Participants in the market for rhodium include: 
(i) 
Primary producers and secondary refiners of rhodium wishing to refine or market their product.  
(ii) 
Consumers in relation to fabrication demand which is predominantly driven by autocatalytic 
applications. Other consumer related applications such as tooling for glass manufacturing sector. 
(iii) 
Investors, fund managers or speculators. 
Trading in rhodium primarily consists of spot transactions. The OTC market trades mainly during London 
business hours. Participants in the rhodium market trade with each other rather than through an exchange 
and therefore take the full credit risk of their counterparty. Transactions between major participants tend 
to be in standard dealing amounts, however when these major participants deal with their clients they can 
provide a tailored service. Unlike a futures exchange where contracts are standardised in terms of contract 
units, settlement dates and delivery specifications, the OTC market is more flexible. Agreements are 
concluded between the two parties to a transaction and remain confidential.  
History 
London has always been an important centre for the platinum group metals. Trading was established in 
the early decades of the twentieth century, usually alongside the longer established bullion metals. 
Trading Units 
(i) 
Troy ounces: The traditional unit of weight used for precious metals. The term derives from the 
French town of Troyes, where this unit was first used in the Middle Ages. One troy ounce is equal 
to 1.0971428 ounces avoirdupois.  
Where one kilogram is equal to 32.1507 troy ounces, the accepted conversion factors between troy 
ounces and metric units become: 
1,000 grams = 32.1507 troy ounces 
1 gram = 0.0321507 troy ounces 
so 1 troy ounce = ((1/32.1507) X 1,000) = 31.10 grams 
For rhodium, this is one troy ounce and it represents one ounce of material, of which a minimum of 
999 parts in every 1,000 will be rhodium. Generally, in relation to rhodium, all references to ounces 
mean troy ounces. 
(ii) 
Fineness: A measure of the proportion of rhodium in sponge form and is expressed in terms of the 
fine metal content in parts per 1,000. It therefore defines the purity the rhodium. 
(iii) 
Assaying: The process by which fineness is determined. The purity of rhodium articles is often 
quoted in the form of fineness.  
Settlement and Delivery 
The basis for settlement is delivery of rhodium to the London vault nominated by the dealer who made the 
sale. While currency settlement or payment for a transaction will generally be in U.S. dollars, delivery of 
rhodium against transactions in rhodium are in practice made in a number of ways. These include (i)

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
physical delivery at the vault of the dealer, (ii) by credit to an “allocated account” (see below) or (iii) to the 
“unallocated account” (see below) of any third party. 
Allocated Accounts 
Allocated accounts are accounts held by dealers in clients’ names on which are maintained balances of 
uniquely identifiable bottles of rhodium in sponge form “allocated” to a specific client and segregated from 
other rhodium held in the vault of that dealer.  
The client has full title to this rhodium with the dealer holding it on the client’s behalf as custodian. Rhodium 
in an allocated account does not form part of a rhodium dealer’s assets. Clients’ holdings will be identified 
in a weight list of bottles of rhodium sponge showing the unique bottle seal number, batch number, gross 
weight and the assay or fineness of each bottle of rhodium sponge. Credits or debits to the holding will be 
effected by segregation of bottles of rhodium sponge to or from the client’s segregated holding. An 
allocated account cannot, by definition, be overdrawn. 
Unallocated Accounts 
Unallocated accounts are accounts held by dealers in clients’ names on which are maintained balances of 
rhodium that represent an entitlement of the client to have equivalent amounts of rhodium delivered by the 
dealer. The balances do not represent uniquely identifiable bottles of rhodium sponge “allocated” to a 
specific client. Unallocated accounts represent the easiest and most popular way of trading, settling and 
holding rhodium and are integral to the loco London mechanism for this metal. The unit of these accounts 
in respect of rhodium is one troy ounce of rhodium based upon a 999 fineness. The simplicity of this 
arrangement is reflected in the fact that transactions may be settled by credits or debits to the account 
while the balance represents the indebtedness between the two parties. Credit balances on the account 
do not entitle the creditor to rhodium in sponge form, but instead represent a right of the client to call for 
delivery of the relevant amount of rhodium. This right is purely contractual and, as such, the client is an 
unsecured creditor of the custodian and is exposed to the general credit risk of the custodian. This is similar 
to the position with respect to clients’ cash held with any bank (although some banks (including banks 
incorporated in the United Kingdom) may have a government-backed guarantee to some monetary level 
of their cash accounts), although there is no government protection for rhodium held on an unallocated 
basis. A negative balance will represent the rhodium indebtedness of the client to the dealer in the case 
where the client has a rhodium overdraft facility. 
Should the client wish to receive actual rhodium, this is done by “allocating” amounts of sponge, the 
rhodium content of which is then debited from the unallocated account. Such allocation will usually incur a 
cost to the client as allocated metal requires more management and administration than unallocated metal. 
Market convention is that rhodium may be allocated on a relevant London business day on which it is 
called for, with rhodium generally available for collection within two London business days. This time frame 
can be shortened or lengthened by mutual agreement depending upon amount and prevailing market 
conditions. 
Using the analogy of a simple bank account, rhodium bottles of sponge may be drawn down, or allocated, 
from an unallocated account in just the same way that bank notes with specific unique numbers may be 
drawn out of a bank account. 
Market Regulation 
The principal-to-principal rhodium market is not in itself regulated by the PRA or FCA, although some of 
the participants may be regulated to the extent that they trade in rhodium derivative products or they need 
to be FCA (and, if applicable PRA) regulated by virtue of other aspects of their business.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
Rhodium Fixing 
The Metal Reference Price published on www.etc.dws.com is a benchmark price fixed once a day and 
published on www.comdaqmetals.net by Comdaq Metals Switzerland AG (“CMS”) or its successor by 
reference to participants in the rhodium market.  
The benchmark price for rhodium differs from the spot prices for metals like gold, platinum or silver. 
Compared to these heavily traded metals, only very small amounts of rhodium are bought and sold each 
day. 
On each business day at or shortly after 12:45 p.m. London time, CMS will set a starting price which will 
be used as the first indicative price. CMS has absolute discretion as to which level to set such price but 
CMS will usually choose a price within the range of bids and offers for rhodium made worldwide and of 
which it is aware during the previous hour. CMS will invite each participant to declare solely to CMS whether 
it has an interest as a seller or a buyer at the indicative price, and then invite each seller and buyer, 
respectively, to specify the volume of rhodium it wishes to sell or buy, as the case may be, at the indicative 
price. This process is referred to as the “Declaration Procedure”. 
Once the Declaration Procedure has been carried out at the initial indicative price, CMS may use that 
indicative price as the benchmark spot price. Alternatively, CMS may repeat the Declaration Procedure at 
a different indicative price or may take further steps to generate an indicative price where the total volume 
of rhodium that participants wish to sell is expected to be equal to the total volume that participants wish 
to purchase, and set the benchmark price by reference to that indicative price. 
Historical price data for Rhodium may be found on the Issuer’s website (www.etc.dws.com). 
Currency Unit 
The market is generally quoted in U.S. dollars per troy ounce. Quotations in other currencies are available 
upon negotiation. 
Loco London Spot Price 
The loco London spot prices are the bases for virtually all transactions in rhodium. They are quotations 
made by dealers based on U.S. dollars per ounce for rhodium. Settlement and delivery is two good 
business days in London after the day of the deal.  
A good business day is one in which banks are open in London. If the “normal” spot value date falls on a 
day when the New York U.S. dollar clearing system is closed, then the spot day moves forward one day.  
Settlement Credit Risk 
Since London is either five or four hours (depending on the time of the calendar year) ahead of New York 
and the cut-off time for loco London rhodium transfer instructions is 15:00 London time, credit exposure 
arises between the parties to a rhodium spot transaction against U.S. dollars. The seller of rhodium will 
not have absolute confirmation that the countervalue in currency has been received in their New York U.S. 
dollar account before having to release the rhodium to their counterpart in London. This credit risk is similar 
to that created by settlement of a foreign exchange transaction, for example euros versus U.S. dollars. 
Vaulting 
Certain members of the London rhodium market either use their own vaults for the storage of physical 
precious metals or have the dedicated use of storage facilities with another party. Costs for storage and 
insurance of precious metals are subject to negotiation.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
Description of Physical Rhodium  
Properties 
Rhodium has a very recent history, unlike gold and silver, which have been known since the earliest 
civilisations. Rhodium was isolated as a separate metal about 200 years ago. Rhodium has excellent 
catalytic properties. 
Major producers 
The major producers of rhodium are South Africa, Russia, Zimbabwe, Canada and the United States.  
Major uses  
Autocatalytic applications account for around 85 per cent. of total rhodium usage. The metal has also 
become increasingly important to the glass manufacturing sector where it is used in the tooling for flat 
screen and LCD displays. 
The following paragraph outlines an indicative but not an exhaustive specification of Rhodium that will be 
kept with the custodian and / or the Sub-Custodian.  
Compound: Rhodium Sponge 
Appearance: Grey powder and free flowing 
Metal content: Minimum 99.90 per cent. rhodium 
Impurities: All figures as detected by ICP MS with respect to rhodium 
Total metallic impurities: 1000 ppm maximum 
Loss on Ignition (LOI) / Boil-Out Reduction Loss (BORL): Maximum 0.05 per cent. by weight 
Acceptable brands: All London Platinum and Palladium Market (LPPM) platinum refiners as listed on 
www.lppm.com and (i) Xstrata and (ii) Vale.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
MASTER TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ETC SECURITIES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the ETC Securities. Either (i) the full text of 
these terms and conditions together with the relevant provisions of Part A of the relevant Final Terms or 
(ii) these terms and conditions as so completed, shall be endorsed on the Bearer Securities. For the 
avoidance of doubt, in the case of (i) above the blanks in the text of these terms and conditions shall be 
deemed to be completed by the information contained in the relevant Final Terms as if such information 
were inserted in such provisions; alternative or optional provisions in these terms and conditions which are 
not specified or which are expressly disapplied or deleted in the relevant Final Terms shall be deemed to 
be deleted from these terms and conditions; and all provisions of these terms and conditions which are 
inapplicable to the ETC Securities (including instructions, explanatory notes and text set out in square 
brackets) shall be deemed to be deleted from these terms and conditions, as required to give effect to the 
terms of the relevant Final Terms. References in these terms and conditions to “ETC Securities” are to the 
ETC Securities of one Series only, not to all ETC Securities that may be issued under the Programme. 
Italicised wording contained in these Conditions is included as instructions, guidance or disclosure only 
and does not form part of the Conditions of the ETC Securities.  
A non-binding translation of the following text of the terms and conditions may be prepared in relation to 
this Series of ETC Securities. The English language version of the terms and conditions shall be binding 
and prevail in all circumstances. Any such translations will not be reviewed and approved by the FCA or 
the UK Listing Authority or any another similar body in any other jurisdiction. 
Copies of the relevant Issue Deed, the Master Trust Terms, the Master Security Terms, the Master Terms 
and Conditions, the Master Balancing Terms, the Master Custody Terms for Secured Accounts, the Master 
Custody Terms for the Subscription Account, the Master Agency Terms, the Master Determination Agent 
Terms, the Master Metal Agent Terms and the Master Authorised Participant Terms referred to in these 
terms and conditions are available for inspection during normal business hours at the specified office of 
the Issuer, the Trustee, the Issuing and Paying Agent [If Uncertificated Registered Securities, text will apply 
or be inserted –, the Registrar] and at the specified offices of each of the Paying Agents and will be sent 
to a prospective or current Securityholder on request to the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent [If 
Uncertificated Registered Securities, text will apply or be inserted –, the Registrar] or a Paying Agent. 
References to any time in the Conditions or any Transaction Document are expressed using the 24-hour-
clock convention. References in the Conditions or any Transaction Document to a party publishing any 
value, rate, level, notice or other information shall be deemed to include any agent, delegate or appointee 
of such party publishing such value, rate, level, notice or other information on behalf of that party. 
1 
Definitions 
In the Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below: 
“Affiliate” means, in relation to any person or entity, any other person or entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the person or entity, any other person or entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the person 
or entity or any other person or entity directly or indirectly under common control with the person or entity. 
For these purposes, “control” of any entity or person means the power, directly or indirectly, either to (a) 
vote 10 per cent. or more of the securities having ordinary voting power for the election of directors of the 
relevant person or entity or (b) direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such person 
or entity whether by contract or otherwise. 
“Agency Agreement” means the agency agreement dated on or about the Series Issue Date of the ETC 
Securities entered into by the Issuer, the Trustee, the Issuing and Paying Agent[,][and] the Paying Agents 
[If Uncertificated Registered Securities, text will apply or be inserted – and the Registrar] and any other

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
parties thereto by the execution of the Issue Deed and in the form of the Master Agency Terms (as 
amended and/or supplemented by the Issue Deed) and as such Agency Agreement is amended, 
supplemented, novated or replaced from time to time. 
“Agent Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(d)(iii). 
“Agent Redemption Event Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(d)(iii). 
“Agents” means the Determination Agent, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Secured Account Custodian, 
the Subscription Account Custodian, the Paying Agents [If Uncertificated Registered Securities text will 
apply or be inserted –, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents] and the Metal Agent and such other agent(s) as 
may be appointed from time to time in relation to the ETC Securities under the Agency Agreement by 
acceding to the Issue Deed and the Agency Agreement or the Custody Agreement for Secured Accounts 
or the Custody Agreement for the Subscription Account or the Determination Agent Agreement or the Metal 
Agent Agreement or any other agreement with the Issuer under which such agent is appointed from time 
to time in relation to the ETC Securities, as applicable, and any successor or replacement thereto and 
“Agent” means any of them. 
“Aggregate Final Metal Entitlement” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9. 
“Aggregate Metal Sold” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9. 
“amount” with respect to (i) an amount of Metal; (ii) an amount of unallocated Metal; and (iii) an amount of 
Underlying Metal, means a quantity of Metal, unallocated Metal and Underlying Metal (respectively) 
expressed as a number of Trading Units. 
“AP Bid Price Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(d)(viii). 
“AP Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(d)(viii). 
“AP Redemption Event Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(d)(viii). 
“Appointee” has the meaning given to it in Condition 21(y). 
“Arranger” means Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch in its capacity as arranger under the Programme 
and any successor and/or replacement thereto. 
“Arranger Bankruptcy Event” means (i) the Arranger becomes incapable of acting, is dissolved (other 
than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger), is adjudged bankrupt or insolvent, files a 
voluntary petition in bankruptcy, makes a general assignment, arrangement or composition with or for the 
benefit of its creditors, consents to the appointment of a receiver, administrator, liquidator or other similar 
official of either the entity or all or substantially all of its assets or admits in writing its inability to pay or 
meet its debts as they mature or suspends payment thereof, or if a resolution is passed or an order made 
for the winding-up, official management, liquidation or dissolution of such entity (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger), a receiver, administrator, liquidator or other similar official of 
either the entity or all or substantially all of its assets is appointed, a court order is entered approving a 
petition filed by or against it under applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, or a public officer takes charge 
or control of the entity or its property or affairs for the purpose of liquidation, and/or (ii) an ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee announces that it has resolved that a Bankruptcy Credit Event (as 
defined in the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (as supplemented from time to time)) has occurred 
with respect to the Arranger. 
“Authorised Participant” means (i) [name of each Authorised Participant appointed as at the Series Issue 
Date for the ETC Securities to be specified in Final Terms]; and (ii) any Eligible Authorised Participant that 
is appointed as an Authorised Participant for this Series of ETC Securities under the Authorised Participant 
Agreement by acceding to the Issue Deed and the Authorised Participant Agreement, and any successor 
or replacement thereto.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
“Authorised Participant Agreement” means the authorised participant agreement dated on or about the 
Series Issue Date of the ETC Securities entered into by the Issuer, the Programme Counterparty, the Lead 
Authorised Participant, each Authorised Participant and any other parties thereto by the execution of the 
Issue Deed and in the form of the Master Authorised Participant Terms (as amended and/or supplemented 
by the Issue Deed) and as such Authorised Participant Agreement is amended, supplemented, novated or 
replaced from time to time. 
“Authorised Participant Bankruptcy Event” means with respect to an Authorised Participant (i) such 
Authorised Participant becomes incapable of acting, is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger), is adjudged bankrupt or insolvent, files a voluntary petition in bankruptcy, makes 
a general assignment, arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors, consents to the 
appointment of a receiver, administrator, liquidator or other similar official of either the entity or all or 
substantially all of its assets or admits in writing its inability to pay or meet its debts as they mature or 
suspends payment thereof, or if a resolution is passed or an order made for the winding-up, official 
management, liquidation or dissolution of such entity (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger), a receiver, administrator, liquidator, or other similar official of either the entity or 
all or substantially all of its assets is appointed, a court order is entered approving a petition filed by or 
against it under applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, or a public officer takes charge or control of the 
entity or its property or affairs for the purpose of liquidation, and/or (ii) an ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee announces that it has resolved that a Bankruptcy Credit Event (as defined in 
the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (as supplemented from time to time)) has occurred with 
respect to such Authorised Participant. 
“Average Metal Sale Price” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9. 
“Balancing Agreement” means the balancing agreement dated as of the Series Issue Date of the ETC 
Securities entered into by the Issuer and the Programme Counterparty by execution of the Issue Deed, as 
such Balancing Agreement is amended, supplemented, novated or replaced from time to time.  
“Balancing Agreement Early Termination Date” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(d)(ii). 
“Balancing Agreement Event of Default” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(d)(ii)(A). 
“Balancing Agreement Illegality” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(d)(ii)(B)(I). 
“Balancing Agreement Optional Termination Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(d)(ii)(C). 
“Balancing Agreement Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(d)(ii). 
“Balancing Agreement Tax Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(d)(ii)(B)(II). 
“Balancing Agreement Termination Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(d)(ii)(B). 
“Balancing Agreement Termination Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(d)(ii). 
“Bank” has the meaning given to it in Condition 13(b)(i). 
“Base Fee Percentage” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6. 
“Bearer Securities” means ETC Securities issued in bearer form. 
“Bid Price Request Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(d)(viii). 
“Bid Price Request Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(d)(viii). 
“Bid Price Request Period End Date” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(d)(viii). 
“Business Day” means each day that is a London Business Day [To be specified in Final Terms – and a 
General Business Day in [●]].

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
“Buy-Back Order” means a request from an Authorised Participant delivered to the Issuer for the Issuer 
to buy back from the Authorised Participant ETC Securities and which the Determination Agent determines 
is valid in accordance with the Authorised Participant Agreement. 
“Buy-Back Redemption Amount” means, in respect of a purchase of ETC Securities by the Issuer and 
the related Buy-Back Settlement Date, an amount of unallocated Metal determined by the Determination 
Agent as being equal to the product of the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security in respect of the relevant 
Buy-Back Trade Date and the aggregate number of ETC Securities to be purchased pursuant to the 
relevant Buy-Back Order. 
“Buy-Back Settlement Date” means, subject to Condition 10(d), the second Business Day after the related 
Buy-Back Trade Date.  
“Buy-Back Trade Date” means, subject to Condition 10(d), a Business Day on which a Buy-Back Order 
is determined to be valid and accepted by or on behalf of the Issuer in accordance with the terms of the 
Authorised Participant Agreement. 
[If Bearer Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “CGN” means a Global Security in classic global note 
form.] 
“Clearing System” means (i) CREST, (ii) Euroclear, (iii) Clearstream, Frankfurt, (iv) Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or (v) any other recognised clearing system in which ETC Securities of a Series may be 
cleared. 
[If Uncertificated Registered Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Clearing System Business Day” 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 13(b).] 
“Clearstream, Frankfurt” means Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt and any successor thereto. 
“Clearstream, Luxembourg” means Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, Luxembourg and any 
successor thereto. 
“Commodity Futures Trading Commission” means the Commodity Futures Trading Commission 
created by the United States congress in 1974 as an independent agency with the mandate to regulate 
commodity futures and option markets in the United States and any successor or similar body thereto. 
“Commodity Regulatory Body” means any government, commission, regulatory body or agency that has 
authority to regulate any of the following: commodities, commodity futures contracts, commodity options 
and/or transactions on or relating to commodities, commodity futures contracts, commodity options and 
commodity indices in any relevant jurisdiction. 
“Conditions” means these terms and conditions as supplemented or varied in accordance with the 
provisions of Part A of the relevant Final Terms. 
“Corporate Administrator” means, with respect to the Issuer, Deutsche International Corporate Services 
Limited whose registered office is at St. Paul’s Gate, New Street, St. Helier, Jersey, JE4 8ZB, Channel 
Islands and any successor or replacement thereto. 
“CREST” means the system for the paperless settlement of trades and the holding of uncertificated 
securities operated by EUI in accordance with the Uncertificated Regulations, as amended from time to 
time. 
“Custody Agreement for Secured Accounts” means the custody agreement for secured accounts dated 
on or about the Series Issue Date of the ETC Securities entered into by the Issuer and the Secured Account 
Custodian and any other parties thereto by the execution of the Issue Deed and in the form of the Master 
Custody Terms for Secured Accounts (as amended and/or supplemented by the Issue Deed) and as such 
Custody Agreement for Secured Accounts is amended, supplemented, novated or replaced from time to 
time.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
“Custody Agreement for the Subscription Account” means the custody agreement for the Subscription 
Account dated on or about the Series Issue Date of the ETC Securities entered into by the Issuer and the 
Subscription Account Custodian and any other parties thereto by the execution of the Issue Deed and in 
the form of the Master Custody Terms for the Subscription Account (as amended and/or supplemented by 
the Issue Deed) and as such Custody Agreement for the Subscription Account is amended, supplemented, 
novated or replaced from time to time. 
“Day Count Fraction” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6. 
“Definitive Securities” means Bearer Securities in definitive form and includes any replacement ETC 
Security issued pursuant to these Conditions. 
“Determination Agent” means Deutsche International Corporate Services (Ireland) Limited and any 
successor or replacement thereto. 
“Determination Agent Agreement” means the determination agent agreement dated on or about the 
Series Issue Date of the ETC Securities entered into by the Issuer, the Determination Agent, the 
Programme Counterparty and any other parties thereto by the execution of the Issue Deed and in the form 
of the Master Determination Agent Terms (as amended and/or supplemented by the Issue Deed) and as 
such Determination Agent Agreement is amended, supplemented, novated or replaced from time to time. 
“Determination Agent Bankruptcy Event” means (i) the Determination Agent becomes incapable of 
acting, is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger), is adjudged bankrupt 
or insolvent, files a voluntary petition in bankruptcy, makes a general assignment, arrangement or 
composition with or for the benefit of its creditors, consents to the appointment of a receiver, administrator, 
liquidator or other similar official of either the entity or all or substantially all of its assets or admits in writing 
its inability to pay or meet its debts as they mature or suspends payment thereof or, if a resolution is passed 
or an order made for the winding-up, official management, liquidation or dissolution of such entity (other 
than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger), a receiver, administrator, liquidator or other 
similar official of either the entity or all or substantially all of its assets is appointed, a court order is entered 
approving a petition filed by or against it under applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, or a public officer 
takes charge or control of the entity or its property or affairs for the purpose of liquidation, and/or (ii) an 
ISDA Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee announces that it has resolved that a Bankruptcy 
Credit Event (as defined in the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (as supplemented from time to 
time)) has occurred with respect to the Determination Agent. 
“Determination Agent Bankruptcy Event Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 13(d)(iii). 
“Determination Agent Breach” has the meaning given to it in Condition 13(f)(ii).  
“Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch” means Deutsche Bank AG acting through its London branch and 
any successor thereto. 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Disrupted Daily FX Percentage” has the 
meaning given to it in Condition 10(e)(ii)(B).] 
“Disrupted Day” means a Business Day in respect of which a Disruption Event Notice has been delivered 
by the Programme Counterparty and/or the Determination Agent. 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Disrupted FX Percentage” has the meaning 
given to it in Condition 10(e)(ii)(C).] 
“Disruption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 10(a). 
“Disruption Event Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 10(b)(i). 
“Early Metal Redemption Amount” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
“Early Redemption Amount” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(b). 
“Early Redemption Date” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9.  
“Early Redemption Disposal Period” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9. 
“Early Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(d). 
“Early Redemption Valuation Date” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9. 
“Eligible Authorised Participant” means any bank or financial institution (which for these purposes shall 
include any leading dealer or broker in instruments similar to the ETC Securities) incorporated, domiciled 
and regulated in an OECD country with a rating equal to the Eligible Authorised Participant Threshold 
Rating or higher (or the equivalent rating from any other Rating Agency). 
“Eligible Authorised Participant Threshold Rating” means the rating of the relevant Rating Agency 
specified in the Final Terms. 
“Eligible Counterparty” means any bank or financial institution (which for these purposes shall include 
any leading dealer or broker in precious metals and foreign exchange transactions) incorporated, domiciled 
and regulated in an OECD country with a rating equal to the Eligible Counterparty Threshold Rating or 
higher (or the equivalent rating from any other Rating Agency) or having the benefit of an enforceable 
guarantee from an Affiliate with a rating equal to the Eligible Counterparty Threshold Rating or higher (or 
the equivalent rating from any other Rating Agency). 
“Eligible Counterparty Threshold Rating” means the rating of the relevant Rating Agency specified in 
the Final Terms. 
“Eligible Custodian” means any bank or financial institution whose business includes the provision of 
custodial services and which (i) is incorporated, domiciled and regulated as a custodian in an OECD 
country, (ii) has a rating equal to the Eligible Custodian Threshold Rating or higher (or the equivalent rating 
from any other Rating Agency) and (iii) is a member of the Relevant Association. 
“Eligible Custodian Threshold Rating” means the rating of the relevant Rating Agency specified in the 
Final Terms. 
“Eligible Metal Agent” means any bank or financial institution (which for these purposes shall include any 
leading dealer or broker in precious metals and foreign exchange transactions) incorporated, domiciled 
and regulated in an OECD country with a rating equal to the Eligible Metal Agent Threshold Rating or 
higher (or the equivalent rating from any other Rating Agency) or having the benefit of an enforceable 
guarantee from an Affiliate with a rating equal to the Eligible Metal Agent Threshold Rating or higher (or 
the equivalent rating from any other Rating Agency). 
“Eligible Metal Agent Threshold Rating” means the rating of the relevant Rating Agency specified in the 
Final Terms. 
“ETC Securities” has the meaning given to it in Condition 2. 
“ETC Securities Balancing Agreement Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 
9(d)(ix). 
“EUI” means Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited (formerly known as CRESTCO Limited) incorporated in 
England and Wales under number 2878738 and whose registered office as at the Series Issue Date is at 
33 Cannon Street, London EC4M 5SB and any successor thereto. 
“Euroclear” means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. and any successor thereto. 
“Event of Default” has the meaning given to it in Condition 15. 
“Event of Default Redemption Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 15.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
[If Bearer Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Exchange Date” has the meaning given to it in 
Condition 4.] 
“Extraordinary Resolution” means a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held in 
accordance with the Trust Deed by a majority of at least 75 per cent. of the votes cast, provided that a 
resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. of the aggregate 
number of the ETC Securities who for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting held in 
accordance with the Trust Deed shall, for all purposes, be as valid and effectual as an Extraordinary 
Resolution passed at a meeting of such Securityholders duly convened and held in accordance with the 
relevant provisions of the Trust Deed. 
“FCA” means the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority under the FSMA and any successor thereto. 
“Final Metal Redemption Amount” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9. 
“Final Observation Date” means the Final Redemption Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Series 
of ETC Securities or, if earlier, the Early Termination Date of the relevant Balancing Agreement or any 
other date that is also an Early Redemption Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Series of ETC 
Securities. 
“Final Redemption Amount” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(a). 
“Final Redemption Disposal Period” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9. 
“Final Redemption Valuation Date” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9. 
“Final Terms” means the final terms issued specifying the relevant issue details of the ETC Securities, in 
the form set out in the Issue Deed relating to such ETC Securities or such other form as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the Arranger. 
“Fitch” means Fitch Ratings Limited and any successor thereto. 
“FSMA” means the United Kingdom Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 as amended and/or 
supplemented from time to time. 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will or be inserted – “FX Disruption Event” has the meaning given to 
it in Condition 10(a).] 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “FX Factor” has the meaning given to it in 
Condition 6.] 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “FX Forward Reference Level” has the 
meaning given to it in Condition 6.] 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “FX Forward Reference Level Source” has 
the meaning given to it in Condition 6.] 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “FX Hedged ETC Securities” means, in 
respect of a Series of ETC Securities, that the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security is hedged against 
movements in the exchange rate between the currency of such Series and the currency of the Metal 
Reference Price.]  
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “FX Hedging Fee Percentage” has the 
meaning given to it in Condition 6.] 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “FX Level Source Disruption” has the 
meaning given to it in Condition 10(a).]  
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “FX Percentage” has the meaning given to 
it in Condition 6.]

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “FX Spot Reference Level” has the meaning 
given to it in Condition 6.] 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “FX Spot Reference Level Source” has the 
meaning given to it in Condition 6.] 
“General Business Day” means a day on which commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits). 
[If a German Paying Agent is applicable, to be specified in Final Terms – “German Paying Agent” means 
[Deutsche Bank AG, Frankfurt][●] and any successor or replacement Paying Agent appointed under the 
Agency Agreement.] 
[If Bearer Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Global Security” means the ETC Securities in bearer 
form represented by a global security.] 
[If Metal is Gold, text will apply or be inserted – “Gold” means (i) allocated gold bars complying with the 
rules of the LBMA relating to good delivery and fineness from time to time in effect; and (ii) a contractual 
obligation against the Secured Account Custodian or the Subscription Account Custodian (as applicable) 
to transfer an amount of gold complying with the rules of the LBMA relating to good delivery and fineness 
from time to time in effect not including Gold included under (i) above.] 
“holder” has the meaning given to it in Condition 2. 
“Initial Early Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(b). 
”Initial Metal Entitlement per ETC Security” means: 
(i) 
on the Series Issue Date, the Initial Metal Entitlement per ETC Security [To be specified in Final 
Terms – [is][was] [●]]; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any subsequent Tranche of the ETC Securities issued after the Series Issue Date, the 
Metal Entitlement per ETC Security (as determined by the Determination Agent and published on 
the website maintained on behalf of the Issuer at www.etc.db.com or such other website notified by 
the Issuer for such Series of ETC Securities from time to time) in respect of the Subscription Trade 
Date relating to such Tranche[, which as at the Issue Date of this Tranche of ETC Securities is equal 
to [●][as specified in the Final Terms relating to such Tranche]. 
“Issue Date” means the issue date of the relevant Tranche of ETC Securities being in respect of this 
Tranche [To be specified in Final Terms – ●]. 
“Issue Deed” means the issue deed in respect of this Series of ETC Securities dated on or about the 
Series Issue Date made between, inter alios, the Issuer, the Trustee and the other parties specified therein 
as amended, supplemented, novated or replaced from time to time. 
“Issue Price per ETC Security” means: 
(i) 
on the Series Issue Date, the Issue Price per ETC Security [To be specified in Final Terms – 
[is][was]] an amount equal to the product of [If ETC Securities are not FX Hedged ETC Securities, 
text will apply or be inserted – (A) the Initial Metal Entitlement per ETC Security; and (B) the Metal 
Reference Price with respect to the Series Issue Date] [If ETC Securities are FX Hedged ETC 
Securities, text will apply or be inserted – (A) the Initial Metal Entitlement per ETC Security; (B) the 
Metal Reference Price with respect to the Series Issue Date; and (C) the FX Spot Reference Level 
with respect to the Series Issue Date]; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any subsequent Tranche of the ETC Securities issued after the Series Issue Date, the 
Value per ETC Security (as determined by the Determination Agent and published on the website 
maintained on behalf of the Issuer at www.etc.db.com or such other website notified by the Issuer

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
for such Series of ETC Securities from time to time) in respect of the Subscription Trade Date 
relating to such Tranche[, which as at the Issue Date of this Tranche of ETC Securities is equal to 
[●][as specified in the Final Terms relating to such Tranche]. 
“Issuer” means DB ETC plc, a public limited liability company incorporated in Jersey with registration 
number 103781. 
“Issuer Administration Agreement” means the administration agreement in respect of the Programme 
dated on or about 26 May 2010 entered into by the Issuer and the Corporate Administrator as amended, 
supplemented, novated or replaced from time to time.  
“Issuer Call Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(c). 
“Issuer Call Redemption Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(c). 
“Issuer Change in Law or Regulation Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in 
Condition 9(d)(i). 
“Issuer Delegation Agreement” means the delegation agreement relating to the Issuer Administration 
Agreement dated on or about 26 May 2010 entered into by the Issuer, the Corporate Administrator and 
Elian SPV Services Limited as amended, supplemented, novated or replaced from time to time.  
“Issuer Redemption Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(d)(i). 
“Issuer Series Fees and Expenses” means the Series Overheads, the Series Fee and, without 
duplication, the Series’ pro rata share of the general operating costs and expenses of the Issuer accrued 
and unpaid as at the date of redemption of the ETC Securities which shall include, without limitation, the 
fees, costs and expenses of the directors of the Issuer and the Corporate Administrator, in each case to 
the extent not paid by the Arranger when due and payable in accordance with the Programme Proposal 
Agreement following the occurrence of an Arranger Bankruptcy Event. 
“Issuing and Paying Agent” means Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch and any successor or 
replacement thereto. 
“LBMA” means The London Bullion Market Association and any successor thereto. 
“Lead Authorised Participant” means Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch and any successor or 
replacement thereto. 
“London Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments in London. 
“Loss” means any loss, liability, cost, claim, damages, expense (including, but not limited to, legal costs 
and expenses) or demand (or actions in respect thereof), judgment, interest on any judgment, assessment, 
fees or amounts paid in settlement of any action or claim. 
“LPPM” means The London Platinum and Palladium Market and any successor thereto. 
“Master Agency Terms” means the master agency terms version number [To be specified in Final Terms 
– ●] dated [To be specified in Final Terms – ●] relating to the Programme. 
“Master Agency Terms for Uncertificated Registered Securities” means the master agency terms for 
uncertificated registered securities version number [To be specified in Final Terms – ●] dated [To be 
specified in Final Terms – ●] relating to the Programme. 
“Master Authorised Participant Terms” means the master authorised participant terms version number 
[To be specified in Final Terms – ●] dated [To be specified in Final Terms – ●] relating to the Programme. 
“Master Balancing Terms” means the master balancing terms version number [To be specified in Final 
Terms – ●] dated [To be completed specified in Final Terms – ●] relating to the Programme.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
“Master Custody Terms for Secured Accounts” means the master custody terms for secured accounts 
version number [To be specified in Final Terms – ●] dated [To be specified in Final Terms – ●] relating to 
the Programme. 
“Master Custody Terms for the Subscription Account” means the master custody terms for the 
subscription account version number [To be specified in Final Terms – ●] dated [To be specified in Final 
Terms – ●] relating to the Programme.  
“Master Determination Agent Terms” means the master determination agent terms version number [To 
be specified in Final Terms – ●] dated [To be specified in Final Terms – ●] relating to the Programme. 
“Master Metal Agent Terms” means the master metal agent terms version number [To be specified in 
Final Terms – ●] dated [To be specified in Final Terms – ●] relating to the Programme. 
“Master Security Terms” means the master security terms version number [To be specified in Final Terms 
– ●] dated [To be specified in Final Terms – ●] relating to the Programme. 
“Master Terms and Conditions” means the master terms and conditions version number [To be specified 
in Final Terms – ●] dated [To be specified in Final Terms – ●] relating to the Programme. 
“Master Trust Terms” means the master trust terms [If Bearer Securities, text will apply or be inserted – 
for bearer securities][If Uncertificated Registered Securities text will apply or be inserted – for uncertificated 
registered securities] version number [To be specified in Final Terms – ●] dated [To be specified in Final 
Terms – ●] relating to the Programme. 
“Maturity Postponement Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 10(c)(iii). 
“Maximum Base Fee Percentage” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6 (in the definition of Base 
Fee Percentage). 
[If ETC Securities are FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Maximum FX Hedging 
Fee Percentage” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6 (in the definition of FX Hedging Fee 
Percentage).] 
“Metal” means [To be specified in Final Terms – [Gold][Silver][Platinum][Palladium][Rhodium]]. 
“Metal Agent” means Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch and any successor or replacement thereto. 
“Metal Agent Agreement” means the metal agent agreement dated on or about the Series Issue Date of 
the ETC Securities entered into by the Issuer and the Metal Agent and any other parties thereto by the 
execution of the Issue Deed and in the form of the Master Metal Agent Terms (as amended and/or 
supplemented by the Issue Deed) and as such Metal Agent Agreement is amended, supplemented, 
novated or replaced from time to time. 
“Metal Agent Bankruptcy Event” means (i) the Metal Agent becomes incapable of acting, is dissolved 
(other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger), is adjudged bankrupt or insolvent, files 
a voluntary petition in bankruptcy, makes a general assignment, arrangement or composition with or for 
the benefit of its creditors, consents to the appointment of a receiver, administrator, liquidator or other 
similar official of either the entity or all or substantially all its assets or admits in writing its inability to pay 
or meet its debts as they mature or suspends payment thereof, or if a resolution is passed or an order 
made for the winding-up, official management, liquidation or dissolution of such entity (other than pursuant 
to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger), a receiver, administrator, liquidator or other similar official of 
either the entity or all or substantially all its assets is appointed, a court order is entered approving a petition 
filed by or against it under applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, or a public officer takes charge or 
control of the entity or its property or affairs for the purpose of liquidation and/or (ii) an ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee announces that it has resolved that a Bankruptcy Credit Event (as

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
defined in the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (as supplemented from time to time)) has occurred 
with respect to the Metal Agent. 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Metal Currency” means, in relation to this 
Series of ETC Securities [To be specified in Final Terms – ●].] 
“Metal Disrupted Day” has the meaning given to it in Condition 10(e)(ii). 
“Metal Disruption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 10(a). 
“Metal Entitlement per ETC Security” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(b). 
“Metal Price Adjustment Factor” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6. 
“Metal Reference Price” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6. 
“Metal Reference Price Source” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6. 
“Metal Reference Price Source Disruption” has the meaning given to it in Condition 10(a). 
“Minimum Debt Amount” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(a)(ii). 
“Moody’s” means Moody’s Investors Service and any successor thereto. 
“Net Sale Proceeds” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9. 
[If Bearer Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “NGN” means a Global Security in new global note 
form.] 
“Obligor” means each person that has an obligation to the Issuer pursuant to the Secured Property. 
“Observation Date” means each Scheduled Observation Date, but with the last Observation Date being 
the Final Observation Date, provided that if any such date is not a Scheduled Valuation Day, the related 
Observation Date shall be the next following Scheduled Valuation Day. 
“OECD” means the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development and any successor thereto. 
[If Uncertificated Registered Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Operator” means EUI or any 
successor thereto and shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any 
such additional or alternative Operator approved by the Issuer from time to time in accordance with the 
Uncertificated Regulations and notified to the relevant Securityholders in accordance with Condition 20.] 
“Other Creditor” means each person that is entitled to the benefit of Other Issuer Obligations. 
“Other Issuer Obligations” means the obligations and duties of the Issuer owed to any party under the 
Transaction Documents other than the Secured Issuer Obligations and “Other Issuer Obligation” means 
any of them. 
“outstanding” means, in relation to the ETC Securities and a Scheduled Valuation Day, (i) on the Series 
Issue Date, the ETC Securities issued on such date, and (ii) on any Scheduled Valuation Day thereafter, 
all the ETC Securities issued on or prior to such Scheduled Valuation Day except (a) those that have been 
redeemed in accordance with Condition 9(a), 9(b) or 9(c); (b) those that have been cancelled for any 
reason; (c) those in respect of which the date for redemption has occurred and the redemption moneys 
have been duly paid to the Trustee or to the Issuing and Paying Agent [If Bearer Securities text will apply 
or be inserted – and which remain available for payment against presentation and surrender of ETC 
Securities]; (d) those that have become void or in respect of which claims have become prescribed; (e) 
those which have been issued and which are pending settlement to an Authorised Participant but in respect 
of which the relevant Authorised Participant(s) has not delivered in full the relevant subscription amount 
under the Authorised Participant Agreement; (f) those that have been purchased, settled and cancelled as 
provided in Condition 9(e); [If Bearer Securities text will apply or be inserted – (g) those mutilated or

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
defaced Bearer Securities that have been surrendered in exchange for replacement Bearer Securities; (h) 
(for the purpose only of determining how many ETC Securities are outstanding and without prejudice to 
their status for any other purpose) those Bearer Securities alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed 
and in respect of which replacement ETC Securities have been issued] and [(i)][(g)] any Global Security to 
the extent that it shall have been exchanged for one or more Definitive Securities pursuant to its provisions 
provided that for the purposes of (1) ascertaining the right to attend and vote at any meeting of the 
Securityholders, (2) the determination of how many Securities are outstanding for the purposes of the 
Conditions, the Balancing Agreement, the Trust Deed and the Security Deed and (3) the exercise of any 
discretion, power or authority that the Trustee is required, expressly or impliedly, to exercise in or by 
reference to the interests of the Securityholders, those ETC Securities that are beneficially held by or on 
behalf of the Issuer and not cancelled shall (unless no longer so held) be deemed not to remain 
outstanding. For the avoidance of doubt, ETC Securities (if any) which the Issuer has agreed on or prior 
to such Scheduled Valuation Day to issue but in respect of which delivery of the relevant subscription 
amount has not been received in full from the relevant Authorised Participant(s) and settlement to such 
relevant Authorised Participant(s) has not yet occurred shall not be deemed to be “outstanding” on such 
Scheduled Valuation Day. 
[If Metal is Palladium, text will apply or be inserted – “Palladium” means (i) allocated palladium plates or 
ingots complying with the rules of the LPPM relating to good delivery and purity from time to time in effect; 
and (ii) a contractual obligation against the Secured Account Custodian or the Subscription Account 
Custodian (as applicable) to transfer an amount of palladium complying with the rules of the LPPM relating 
to good delivery and purity from time to time in effect not including Palladium included under (i) above.] 
[If Uncertificated Registered Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “participating securities” shall 
have the meaning given to it in the Uncertificated Regulations.] 
“Paying Agents” means the Issuing and Paying Agent [Names and details of any additional paying agents 
– including German Paying Agent if applicable to be specified in the Final Terms – [,][and] ●], and any 
successor or replacement thereto. 
“Payment Business Day” means: [If the ETC Securities are denominated in a currency other than euro 
text will apply or be inserted – in relation to a payment, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
(i) commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in London and in the principal financial 
centre for the currency of the relevant payment and (ii) the Relevant Clearing System is open][If the ETC 
Securities are denominated in euro text will apply or be inserted – a day (i) which is a TARGET Settlement 
Day and (ii) on which the Relevant Clearing System is open]. 
[If Metal is Platinum, text will apply or be inserted – “Platinum” means (i) allocated platinum plates or ingots 
complying with the rules of the LPPM relating to good delivery and purity from time to time in effect; and 
(ii) a contractual obligation against the Secured Account Custodian or the Subscription Account Custodian 
(as applicable) to transfer an amount of platinum complying with the rules of the LPPM relating to good 
delivery and purity from time to time in effect not including Platinum included under (i) above.] 
“Potential Event of Default” means an event or circumstance that could with the giving of notice, lapse of 
time and/or issue of a certificate become an Event of Default. 
“Price Source” means [If not FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – the Metal 
Reference Price Source] [If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – with respect to (a) 
the Metal Reference Price, the Metal Reference Price Source; (b) the FX Spot Reference Level, the FX 
Spot Reference Level Source; or (c) the FX Forward Reference Level, the FX Forward Reference Level 
Source]. 
“Price Source Disruption” means the occurrence of a Metal Reference Price Source Disruption [If FX 
Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – or an FX Level Source Disruption]. 
“Principal” means the Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount, as applicable.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
“Proceedings” has the meaning given to it in Condition 24(b). 
“Product Fee” means a fee payable to the Programme Counterparty in respect of the relevant Series of 
ETC Securities and which is equal to the Product Fee Percentage which accrues on a daily basis and is 
applied to the aggregate Metal Entitlement per ETC Security of the Series of ETC Securities on each 
Scheduled Valuation Day. 
“Product Fee Deduction Factor” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6. 
“Product Fee Percentage” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6. 
“Programme” means the Secured ETC Precious Metal Linked Securities Programme of DB ETC plc. 
“Programme Counterparty” means Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch and any successor or 
replacement thereto. 
“Programme Counterparty Breach” has the meaning given to it in Condition 13(d)(v). 
“Programme Counterparty Default Redemption Notice” has the meaning given to it in 
Condition 9(d)(ix). 
“Programme Maximum Number of ETC Securities” means 1,000,000,000. 
“Programme Proposal Agreement” means the programme proposal agreement dated on or about 28 
May 2010 entered into by the Issuer and the Arranger as amended, supplemented, novated or replaced 
from time to time pursuant to which the Arranger agrees to pay to the Issuer certain fees payable by the 
Issuer and certain other overheads of the Issuer in connection with the establishment of the Programme 
and the issue of Series of ETC Securities thereunder. 
“Publication Event Redemption Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(d)(iv). 
“Publication Failure Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(d)(iv). 
“Publication Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(d)(iv). 
“Rating Agency” means any of Fitch, Moody’s and S&P and “Rating Agencies” means each of them. 
“Redemption Disposal Period” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9. 
[If Uncertificated Registered Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Register” means the register of 
persons holding the ETC Securities maintained by the Registrar on behalf of the Issuer.] 
[If Uncertificated Registered Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Registrar” means [To be specified 
in Final Terms – Computershare Investor Services (Jersey) Limited] and any successor or replacement 
thereto.] 
“Relevant Association” means [If Metal is gold or silver, text will apply or be inserted – the LBMA.][If Metal 
is platinum or palladium, text will apply or be inserted – the LPPM] [If Metal is rhodium, text will apply or be 
inserted – not applicable]. 
“Relevant Clearing System” means [Each Clearing System through which this Series of ETC Securities 
is to be cleared to be specified in Final Terms]. 
“Relevant Date” has the meaning given to it in Condition 14. 
“Relevant Disrupted Day” has the meaning given to it in Condition 10(c)(iii). 
“Relevant Metal Disrupted Day” has the meaning given to it in Condition 10(e)(ii)(A). 
“Relevant Price” has the meaning given to it in Condition 11.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
“Relevant Provisions” means, with respect to the Determination Agent, the provisions of the 
Determination Agent Agreement (including, without limitation, the duties and obligations of the 
Determination Agent under Clause 2.5 of the Determination Agent Agreement), the Issue Deed, the 
Balancing Agreement, the Authorised Participant Agreement and the Conditions. 
“Relevant Stock Exchange” means [each Stock Exchange on which this Series of ETC Securities is to 
be listed to be specified in Final Terms]. 
“Reserve Trust Account” means an account in the name of the Issuer with Elian SPV Services Limited 
referencing the Programme. 
[If Metal is Rhodium, text will apply or be inserted – “Rhodium” means (i) allocated rhodium sponge with 
a fineness of 999 parts per 1,000 refined by any LPPM platinum refiner as listed on www.lppm.com or any 
other refiner acceptable to the Secured Account Custodian and (ii) a contractual obligation against the 
Secured Account Custodian or the Subscription Account Custodian (as applicable) to transfer an amount 
of rhodium refined in accordance with (i) above.] 
“RIS” means a regulated information service for the purposes of giving information relating to the ETC 
Securities and/or the rules of the Relevant Stock Exchange chosen by the Issuer from time to time, 
including but not limited to the Regulatory News Service (the “RNS”) of the London Stock Exchange and 
the Business Wire Regulatory Disclosure provided by Business Wire Europe Ltd, a Berkshire Hathaway 
Company. 
“S&P” means Standard & Poor’s, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc., and any successor 
thereto. 
“Scheduled Early Redemption Date” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9 (in the definition of Early 
Redemption Date). 
“Scheduled Maturity Date” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(a). 
“Scheduled Observation Date” means [To be specified in Final Terms – [●]].  
“Scheduled Valuation Day” means the Series Issue Date and each day thereafter that is a Business Day 
and is not a Disrupted Day.  
“Secondary Early Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(b). 
“Secured Account” means the Secured Unallocated Account and the Secured Allocated Account held in 
the name of the Issuer with the Secured Account Custodian in respect of this Series of ETC Securities. 
“Secured Account Custodian” means Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch and any successor or 
replacement thereto. 
“Secured Account Custodian Bankruptcy Event” means (i) the Secured Account Custodian becomes 
incapable of acting, is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger), is 
adjudged bankrupt or insolvent, files a voluntary petition in bankruptcy, makes a general assignment, 
arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors, consents to the appointment of a 
receiver, administrator, liquidator or other similar official of either the entity or all or substantially all of its 
assets or admits in writing its inability to pay or meet its debts as they mature or suspends payment thereof 
or, if a resolution is passed or an order made for the winding-up, official management, liquidation or 
dissolution of such entity (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger), a receiver, 
administrator, liquidator or other similar official of either the entity or all or substantially all of its assets is 
appointed, a court order is entered approving a petition filed by or against it under applicable bankruptcy 
or insolvency law, or a public officer takes charge or control of the entity or its property or affairs for the 
purpose of liquidation, and/or (ii) an ISDA Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee announces that it

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
has resolved that a Bankruptcy Credit Event (as defined in the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
(as supplemented from time to time)) has occurred with respect to the Secured Account Custodian. 
“Secured Agent Rights” means the rights and interest of the Issuer in and under the Agency Agreement, 
the Metal Agent Agreement, the Custody Agreement for Secured Accounts, the Custody Agreement for 
the Subscription Account, any Sub-Custody Agreements (if any), the Determination Agent Agreement, the 
Authorised Participant Agreement and the rights, title and interest of the Issuer in all property, assets and 
sums derived from such agreements. 
“Secured Allocated Account” means the allocated Metal account held in the name of the Issuer with the 
Secured Account Custodian in respect of this Series of ETC Securities.  
“Secured Assets” means (i) the Underlying Metal; (ii) all property, assets and sums held by the Issuing 
and Paying Agent [If Uncertificated Registered Securities, text will apply or be inserted – or, as the case 
may be, the Registrar] and/or the Secured Account Custodian and/or the Metal Agent in connection with 
the ETC Securities and/or any Transaction Document (for the avoidance of doubt, not including any 
unallocated Metal standing to the credit of the Subscription Account which does not form part of the 
Underlying Metal), and (iii) any other property, assets and/or sums which have been charged, assigned, 
pledged and/or otherwise made subject to the security created by the Issuer in favour of the Trustee 
pursuant to the Security Deed. 
“Secured Balancing Agreement Rights” means the rights and interest of the Issuer in and under the 
Balancing Agreement. 
“Secured Creditor” means each person that is entitled to the benefit of Secured Issuer Obligations. 
“Secured Issuer Obligations” means the obligations and duties of the Issuer (i) under the Trust Deed, 
each ETC Security and the Balancing Agreement, (ii) to pay all Taxes (other than any income, corporation 
or similar tax), fees, costs, charges, expenses, liabilities and other amounts properly payable to the Metal 
Agent, and (iii) to pay the Taxes (other than any income, corporation or similar tax), fees, expenses or 
other amounts due to the Issuing and Paying Agents[,][and] the Paying Agents[If Uncertificated Registered 
Securities, text will apply or be inserted –, the Registrar and the Transfer Agents] pursuant to the Agency 
Agreement, due to the Secured Account Custodian pursuant to the Custody Agreement for Secured 
Accounts, due to the Subscription Account Custodian pursuant to the Custody Agreement for the 
Subscription Account, and due to the Determination Agent and/or to the Programme Counterparty pursuant 
to the Determination Agent Agreement, in each case to the extent such amounts relate to this Series of 
ETC Securities and “Secured Issuer Obligation” means any of them. 
“Secured Property” means the Secured Balancing Agreement Rights, the Secured Agent Rights and the 
Secured Assets. For the avoidance of doubt, any amount standing to the credit of the Reserve Trust 
Account shall not constitute Secured Property. 
“Secured Unallocated Account” means the unallocated Metal account held in the name of the Issuer with 
the Secured Account Custodian in respect of this Series of ETC Securities (which for the avoidance of 
doubt is not the Subscription Account).  
“Securities Act” means the United States Securities Act of 1933 as amended. 
“Security” means the security constituted by the Security Deed. 
“Security Deed” means the security deed dated on or about the Series Issue Date of the ETC Securities 
entered into as a deed by the Issuer, the Trustee and any other parties thereto by the execution of the 
Issue Deed and in the form of the Master Security Terms (as amended and/or supplemented by the Issue 
Deed) and as such Security Deed is amended, supplemented, novated or replaced from time to time. 
“Securityholder” has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
“Securityholder Notice and Direction” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(d)(iv). 
“Series” means, in respect of ETC Securities, all ETC Securities having the same ISIN, WKN or other 
similar identifier. 
“Series Fee” means the fee agreed between the Issuer and the Arranger in connection with the issue of 
the ETC Securities payable by the Arranger to the Issuer in accordance with the terms of the Programme 
Proposal Agreement. 
“Series Issue Date” means [To be specified in Final Terms – [●]], being the issue date of the first Tranche 
of this Series of ETC Securities. 
“Series Overheads” means: 
(i) 
the costs of printing any ETC Securities or any publication or advertising in respect of such ETC 
Securities; 
(ii) 
any fees, costs and expenses payable by the Issuer pursuant to the Transaction Documents in 
relation to any ETC Securities; 
(iii) 
any legal fees and disbursements payable to the legal advisers in Jersey to the Issuer and/or any 
other legal advisers properly appointed by the Issuer (subject to the prior written approval of the 
Arranger prior to the occurrence of an Arranger Bankruptcy Event); 
(iv) 
any fees payable to any Relevant Stock Exchange in respect of the listing of the ETC Securities on 
such Relevant Stock Exchange; and 
(v) 
any other fee, cost, expense or disbursement properly incurred by the Issuer in relation to the issue 
of the ETC Securities which is not to be reimbursed by any other person. 
[If Metal is Silver, text will apply or be inserted – “Silver” means (i) allocated silver bars complying with the 
rules of the LBMA relating to good delivery and fineness from time to time in effect; and (ii) a contractual 
obligation against the Secured Account Custodian or the Subscription Account Custodian (as applicable) 
to transfer an amount of silver complying with the rules of the LBMA relating to good delivery and fineness 
from time to time in effect not including silver included under (i) above.] 
“Specified Currency” means, in relation to this Series of ETC Securities [To be specified in Final Terms 
– ●]. 
“specified office” means, in relation to any Agent, the office identified in respect of such Agent in the Issue 
Deed or any other office approved by the Trustee and notified to Securityholders in accordance with 
Condition 20. 
“Stock Exchange” means the London Stock Exchange, Euronext Paris, Euronext Amsterdam, the 
Frankfurt Stock Exchange, the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the Borsa Italiana, the OMX Nordic 
Exchange and/or the SIX Swiss Exchange. 
“Sub-Custodian” means any sub-custodian appointed by the Secured Account Custodian in connection 
with the Custody Agreement for Secured Accounts relating to the ETC Securities. 
“Sub-Custody Agreement” means an agreement between the Issuer, the Secured Account Custodian 
and a Sub-Custodian to which the Issuer is a party pursuant to which the Sub-Custodian is appointed to 
act as sub-custodian in connection with the duties and obligations of the Secured Account Custodian under 
the Custody Agreement for Secured Accounts relating to the ETC Securities as amended, supplemented, 
novated or replaced from time to time. 
“Subscription Account” means the unallocated Metal account held in the name of the Issuer with the 
Subscription Account Custodian in respect of this Series of ETC Securities holding unallocated Metal

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
deposited by Authorised Participants with respect to Subscription Orders in respect of which the related 
issue of ETC Securities to the relevant Authorised Participant has not yet occurred. 
“Subscription Account Custodian” means Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch and any successor or 
replacement thereto. 
“Subscription Account Custodian Bankruptcy Event” means (i) the Subscription Account Custodian 
becomes incapable of acting, is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or 
merger), is adjudged bankrupt or insolvent, files a voluntary petition in bankruptcy, makes a general 
assignment, arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors, consents to the appointment 
of a receiver, administrator, liquidator or other similar official of either the entity or all or substantially all of 
its assets or admits in writing its inability to pay or meet its debts as they mature or suspends payment 
thereof or, if a resolution is passed or an order made for the winding-up, official management, liquidation 
or dissolution of such entity (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger), a receiver, 
administrator, liquidator or other similar official of either the entity or all or substantially all of its assets is 
appointed, a court order is entered approving a petition filed by or against it under applicable bankruptcy 
or insolvency law, or a public officer takes charge or control of the entity or its property or affairs for the 
purpose of liquidation, and/or (ii) an ISDA Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee announces that it 
has resolved that a Bankruptcy Credit Event (as defined in the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
(as supplemented from time to time)) has occurred with respect to the Subscription Account Custodian. 
“Subscription Order” means a request from an Authorised Participant delivered to the Issuer to issue 
further ETC Securities and which the Determination Agent determines is valid in accordance with the 
Authorised Participant Agreement. 
“Subscription Settlement Amount” means, in respect of a subscription for ETC Securities and the related 
Subscription Settlement Date, an amount of unallocated Metal determined by the Determination Agent as 
being equal to the product of the Initial Metal Entitlement per ETC Security in respect of the relevant 
Subscription Trade Date and the aggregate number of ETC Securities to be issued pursuant to the relevant 
Subscription Order. 
“Subscription Settlement Date” means, subject to Condition 10(d), the second Business Day after the 
Subscription Trade Date. 
“Subscription Trade Date” means, subject to Condition 10(d), a Business Day on which a Subscription 
Order is determined to be valid and accepted by or on behalf of the Issuer in accordance with the 
Authorised Participant Agreement. 
“Substituted Obligor” has the meaning given to it in Condition 17(c). 
“Successor Price Source” has the meaning given to it in Condition 11. 
“Suspension Event” means that (i) the Issuer has delivered a notice in writing to the Determination Agent, 
the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Lead Authorised Participant and each Authorised Participant (copied to 
each other Transaction Party) stating that with effect from the date specified in such notice subscriptions 
of the ETC Securities shall be suspended; and (ii) the effective date of such suspension has occurred, 
provided that the effective date of any such suspension so specified shall be a day not earlier than the 
Business Day following the date of such notice.  
[If the ETC Securities are denominated in euro, text will apply or be inserted – “TARGET Settlement Day” 
means a day on which the TARGET System is operating.] 
[If the ETC Securities are denominated in euro, text will apply or be inserted – “TARGET System” means 
the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) system or any 
successor thereto.]

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
“Tax” means any tax, duty, assessment or charge of whatsoever nature (including, without limitation, any 
tax on income, profits, gains, net wealth, asset values or turnover, value added tax, stamp duty, stamp 
duty reserve tax, excise, severance, sales, use, transfer, documentary, recording tax or duty or any other 
similar tax, duty or charge) imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by any government, applicable 
tax authority or jurisdiction. 
“Termination Event Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(d)(x).  
“Termination Event Redemption Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(d)(x).  
“Termination for Breach” means, with respect to the Determination Agent, the termination of the 
appointment of the Determination Agent where (a) the Determination Agent commits a material breach of 
its obligations under the Determination Agent Agreement and to the extent such breach is capable of being 
remedied the Determination Agent fails to cure such breach within 15 calendar days of its becoming aware 
of, or its receiving notice from the Issuer, the Trustee or the Programme Counterparty of, such breach or 
(b) the Determination Agent commits any breach of its obligations under the Determination Agent 
Agreement and to the extent such breach is capable of being remedied the Determination Agent fails to 
cure such breach within 30 calendar days of its becoming aware of, or its receiving notice from the Issuer, 
the Trustee or the Programme Counterparty of, such breach. 
“Termination for Cause” means, with respect to the Determination Agent, each of a Termination for 
Breach and a termination of the appointment of the Determination Agent in connection with the occurrence 
of a Determination Agent Bankruptcy Event. 
“Trading Unit” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9. 
“Tranche” means, in relation to ETC Securities of this Series issued on any date, the ETC Securities that 
are issued on the same Issue Date at the same Issue Price per ETC Security. 
“Transaction Document” means each of the Issue Deed, the Trust Deed, the Security Deed, the Issuer 
Administration Agreement, the Issuer Delegation Agreement, the Agency Agreement, the Determination 
Agent Agreement, the Custody Agreement for Secured Accounts, the Custody Agreement for the 
Subscription Account, the Authorised Participant Agreement, the Balancing Agreement and the Metal 
Agent Agreement in each case as amended, supplemented, novated and/or replaced from time to time 
and “Transaction Documents” means all such documents. 
“Transaction Party” means a party to a Transaction Document (other than the Issuer). 
[If Uncertificated Registered Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Transfer Agent” means [To be 
specified in Final Terms – [each of] Computershare Investor Services (Jersey) Limited [and ●]] and any 
successor or replacement thereto.] 
“Trust Deed” means the trust deed dated on or about the Series Issue Date of the ETC Securities entered 
into as a deed by the Issuer, the Trustee and any other parties thereto by the execution of the Issue Deed 
and in the form of the relevant Master Trust Terms (as amended and/or supplemented by the Issue Deed) 
and as such Trust Deed is amended, supplemented, novated or replaced from time to time. 
“Trustee” means Deutsche Trustee Company Limited and any successor or replacement thereto. 
“UK Listing Authority” means the Financial Conduct Authority under the FSMA and any successor or 
replacement thereto. 
“Uncertificated Registered Securities” means ETC Securities issued in dematerialised uncertificated 
registered form. 
[If Uncertificated Registered Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Uncertificated Regulations” 
means the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 Companies (Uncertificated Securities) (Jersey) Order 1999 (No.

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
9462) and such other regulations having force within Jersey as are applicable to EUI and/or the CREST 
relevant system as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time.] 
“Underlying Metal” means (i) all Metal recorded and identified in the Secured Allocated Account and 
recorded in the Secured Unallocated Account; and (ii) any Metal recorded in the Subscription Account in 
relation to a Subscription Settlement Amount in respect of which the Subscription Order has been settled 
by the issue of ETC Securities to the relevant Authorised Participant but which has not yet been transferred 
to the Secured Accounts. 
“Value per ETC Security” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(c). 
“Value per ETC Security Threshold Level” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(d)(v). 
“Value per ETC Security Threshold Level Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(d)(v). 
“Value per ETC Security Threshold Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(d)(v). 
“VAT” means value added tax chargeable in accordance with (but subject to derogations from) Council 
Directive 2006/112/EC, any other tax of a similar fiscal nature and any other form of tax levied by reference 
to added value or sales, and any similar tax charged from time to time in substitution for or in addition to 
any of the above. 
“VAT Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(d)(vii). 
“VAT Redemption Event Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(d)(vii). 
2 
Form and Title 
[If Bearer Securities, text will apply or be inserted –  
The [Full description of the ETC Securities to be specified in Final Terms] (the “ETC Securities”) are issued 
in bearer form and shall not be exchangeable for Uncertificated Registered Securities. The ETC Securities 
will be represented on issue by a Global Security in [To be specified in Final Terms – [NGN][CGN]] form. 
The Global Security may be exchanged for Definitive Securities in the circumstances described in 
Condition 4 and any such Definitive Securities shall be serially numbered and shall not be issued with 
coupons. 
Title to the ETC Securities shall pass by delivery. Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction 
or as required by law, the holder of any ETC Security shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its 
absolute owner for all purposes whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, 
trust or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable for so treating the 
holder. In the Conditions, “Securityholder” and “holder” means the bearer of any Bearer Security of this 
Series.] 
[If Uncertificated Registered Securities, text will apply or be inserted –  
The [Full description of the ETC Securities to be specified in Final Terms] (the “ETC Securities”) are issued 
in dematerialised uncertificated registered form and shall not be exchangeable for Bearer Securities. The 
ETC Securities shall be held in uncertificated registered form in accordance with the Uncertificated 
Regulations and as such are dematerialised and not constituted by any physical document of title. The 
ETC Securities shall be cleared through CREST and are participating securities for the purposes of the 
Uncertificated Regulations. Title to the ETC Securities is recorded on the Register and shall pass by 
registration in the Register. Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, 
the holder of any ETC Security shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all 
purposes whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, 
and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder. In the Conditions, “Securityholder” and “holder” 
means the person in whose name an Uncertificated Registered Security of this Series is registered in the

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
Register. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, for so long as the ETC Securities are 
participating securities: (i) the Register shall be maintained in Jersey and at all times outside of the United 
Kingdom, (ii) the ETC Securities may be issued in uncertificated form in accordance with and subject as 
provided in the Uncertificated Regulations and (iii) for the avoidance of doubt, the Conditions in respect of 
the ETC Securities shall remain applicable notwithstanding that they are not endorsed on any certificate 
or document of title.]  
[If Uncertificated Registered Securities, text will apply or be inserted –  
3 
Transfers 
(a) 
Transfers 
Title to the ETC Securities will pass upon registration of the transfer in the Register. All transactions 
in respect to the ETC Securities (including, without limitation, transfers of the ETC Securities) in the 
open market or otherwise must be effected through an account with EUI. All transfers of the ETC 
Securities shall be subject to and made in accordance with the Uncertificated Regulations and the 
rules, procedures and practices in effect of the Registrar and CREST. The Uncertificated 
Regulations and such rules, procedures and practices may change from time to time. 
No provision of the Conditions shall (notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein) apply or have 
effect to the extent that it is in any respect inconsistent with: (i) the holding of title to the ETC 
Securities in uncertificated form, (ii) the transfer of title to the ETC Securities by means of registration 
in the Register or (iii) the Uncertificated Regulations. 
If at any time the ETC Securities cease to be held in uncertificated form and/or accepted for 
clearance through CREST, or notice is received by or on behalf of the Issuer that the ETC Securities 
will cease to be held in uncertificated form and cleared through CREST and/or CREST is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 calendar days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or 
otherwise) or CREST announces an intention permanently to cease business or does in fact do so, 
the ETC Securities shall continue to be in registered form and the Issuer, the Registrar, the Issuing 
and Paying Agent and any other relevant Transaction Party (other than the Authorised Participant(s) 
and the Lead Authorised Participant) may agree such procedures as they determine necessary in 
relation to the transfer of ETC Securities and shall as soon as reasonably practicable give notice 
thereof to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 20 and to the Authorised Participant(s) 
and the Lead Authorised Participant. 
The provisions of the third paragraph of Condition 3(a) shall apply equally in the case that a holder 
ceases to be a CREST member, but for such purposes only the affected holder will need to be 
notified of the procedures adopted. 
(b) 
Transfer Free of Charge 
Transfers of ETC Securities shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Operator, the Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but upon payment by the relevant holder of any Tax 
or other governmental charges that may be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity 
as the Issuer, the Registrar, the Operator or the relevant Transfer Agent may require). 
(c) 
Closed Periods 
If the rules and procedures of the Registrar and/or for so long as the ETC Securities are held in 
CREST the rules and procedures of CREST include any closed period in which no Securityholder 
may require the transfer of an ETC Security to be registered in the Register, such closed periods 
shall apply to the ETC Securities. Details of any such closed period are available from the Registrar 
and the Transfer Agents.]

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
[If Bearer Securities, text will apply or be inserted – 
4 
Exchange 
The Global Security relating to the ETC Securities is exchangeable (free of charge to the holder) on or 
after the Exchange Date in whole but not in part for Definitive Securities if the Global Security is held on 
behalf of a Clearing System and the Relevant Clearing System is closed for business for a continuous 
period of 14 calendar days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an 
intention permanently to cease business or does in fact do so. 
“Exchange Date” means a day falling not less than 60 calendar days after the date on which the notice 
requiring exchange is given and on which banks are open for business in the city in which the specified 
office of the Issuing and Paying Agent is located. 
Any such exchange may be effected on or after an Exchange Date by the holder of the Global Security 
surrendering the Global Security to or to the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent. In exchange for the 
Global Security, the Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, duly executed and authenticated 
Definitive Securities in an aggregate number equal to the number of ETC Securities represented by the 
Global Security submitted for exchange, security printed in accordance substantially in the form required 
under the Trust Deed.] 
5 
Constitution and Status 
This Series of ETC Securities is constituted by the Trust Deed and secured by the Security Deed. The 
ETC Securities are secured, limited recourse obligations of the Issuer, at all times ranking pari passu and 
without any preference among themselves, secured in the manner described in Condition 7 and recourse 
in respect of which is limited in the manner described in Condition 7(g) and Condition 16. 
6 
Metal Entitlement per ETC Security and Value per ETC Security 
For the purposes of this Condition 6, the following terms have the meanings as set out below: 
“Base Fee Percentage” means [To be specified in Final Terms – ●] per cent. per annum (the “Maximum 
Base Fee Percentage”), or such lower amount as may be determined by the Programme Counterparty 
and notified to the Issuer, the Transaction Parties and the Securityholders from time to time, provided that 
the Issuer shall procure (and the Programme Counterparty has agreed) that Securityholders shall be given 
not less than 30 calendar days’ prior notice in accordance with Condition 20 of any change to the Base 
Fee Percentage and if the scheduled day notified for any such change is not a Scheduled Valuation Day, 
the change to the Base Fee Percentage shall take effect on the first following Scheduled Valuation Day. 
The current Base Fee Percentage and any proposed change to the Base Fee Percentage shall be 
published on the website maintained on behalf of the Issuer at www.etc.db.com (or such other website as 
may be notified to Securityholders in accordance with Condition 20 from time to time). The Base Fee 
Percentage as at the [To be specified in Final Terms - Series Issue Date/Issue Date] is [To be specified in 
Final Terms – ●]. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of a Scheduled Valuation Day, an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the number of calendar days from (and including) the immediately preceding Scheduled Valuation 
Day to (but excluding) the relevant Scheduled Valuation Day; divided by 
(ii) 
360. 
[If ETC Securities are FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “FX Factor” means, in 
respect of a Scheduled Valuation Day, an amount calculated by the Determination Agent equal to: 
(i) 
one; plus

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
(ii) 
the FX Percentage multiplied by the Metal Price Adjustment Factor.] 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “FX Forward Reference Level” means, in 
respect of any calendar day, the forward rate, expressed in the Specified Currency, and [To be specified 
in Final Terms – [displayed on the FX Forward Reference Level Source for the corresponding Metal Fixing 
Time (or any other time specified in the relevant Final Terms) on that day as being the rate for a forward 
exchange of an amount of the Specified Currency for one unit of the Metal Currency (or, if the currency 
exchange rate is expressed as the rate for the exchange of an amount of the Metal Currency per one unit 
of the Specified Currency, the inverse of such rate), as determined by the Determination Agent and notified 
to the Issuer and the Programme Counterparty][insert if other]]. 
[If ETC Securities are FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “FX Forward Reference 
Level Source” means [To be specified in Final Terms – [Bloomberg Page BFIX under the heading [●/●] 
and term S/N][insert if other].] 
[If ETC Securities are FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “FX Hedging Fee 
Percentage” means [To be specified in Final Terms – ●] per cent. per annum (the “Maximum FX Hedging 
Fee Percentage”), or such lower amount as may be determined by the Programme Counterparty and 
notified to the Issuer, the Transaction Parties and the Securityholders from time to time, provided that the 
Issuer shall procure (and the Programme Counterparty has agreed) that Securityholders shall be given not 
less than 30 calendar days’ prior notice in accordance with Condition 20 of any change to the FX Hedging 
Fee Percentage and if the scheduled day notified for any such change is not a Scheduled Valuation Day, 
the change to the FX Hedging Fee Percentage shall take effect on the first following Scheduled Valuation 
Day. The current FX Hedging Fee Percentage and any proposed change to the FX Hedging Fee 
Percentage shall be published on the website maintained on behalf of the Issuer at www.etc.db.com (or 
such other website as may be notified to Securityholders in accordance with Condition 20 from time to 
time). The FX Hedging Fee Percentage as at the [To be specified in Final Terms - Series Issue Date/Issue 
Date] is [To be specified in Final Terms – ●].] 
[If ETC Securities are FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “FX Percentage” means, 
subject to Condition 10(e), in respect of a Scheduled Valuation Day, an amount calculated by the 
Determination Agent equal to: 
(i) 
(A) 
the FX Forward Reference Level in respect of the Scheduled Valuation Day immediately 
preceding the relevant Scheduled Valuation Day; divided by  
(B) 
the FX Spot Reference Level in respect of the relevant Scheduled Valuation Day,  
minus 
(ii) 
one.] 
[If ETC Securities are FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “FX Spot Reference 
Level” means, in respect of a Scheduled Valuation Day, the currency exchange rate, expressed in the 
Specified Currency, and [To be completed/specified in Final Terms – [displayed on the FX Spot Reference 
Level Source for the corresponding Metal Fixing Time (or any other time specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) on such Scheduled Valuation Day as being the rate for the exchange of an amount of the Specified 
Currency per one unit of the Metal Currency (or, if the currency exchange rate is expressed as the rate for 
the exchange of an amount of the Metal Currency per one unit of the Specified Currency, the inverse of 
such rate), as determined by the Determination Agent and notified to the Issuer and the Programme 
Counterparty][insert if other].] 
[If ETC Securities are FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “FX Spot Reference 
Level Source” means [To be specified in Final Terms – [Bloomberg Page BFIX under the heading [●/●] 
and term SPOT][insert if other].]

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
“Metal Fixing Time” means [to be specified in the Final Terms]. 
[If ETC Securities are FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply if or be inserted – “Metal Price 
Adjustment Factor” means, in respect of a Scheduled Valuation Day, an amount calculated by the 
Determination Agent equal to: 
(i) 
the Metal Reference Price in respect of the Scheduled Valuation Day immediately preceding the 
relevant Scheduled Valuation Day; divided by 
(ii) 
the Metal Reference Price on the relevant Scheduled Valuation Day.] 
“Metal Reference Price” means, in respect of a Scheduled Valuation Day, the price of the Metal [To be 
specified in Final Terms – [displayed on the Metal Reference Price Source corresponding to the Metal 
Fixing Time on such Scheduled Valuation Day, as determined by the Determination Agent and notified to 
the Issuer and the Programme Counterparty][insert if other]]. 
“Metal Reference Price Source” means [To be specified in Final Terms – [Bloomberg Page BBG under 
the heading [GOLDLNPM][SLVRLN][PLTMLNPM][PLDMLNPM][insert if other].] 
“Product Fee Deduction Factor” is an amount calculated by the Determination Agent equal to: 
(i) 
one; minus  
(ii) 
the Product Fee Percentage multiplied by the Day Count Fraction. 
“Product Fee Percentage” means [If not FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – the 
Base Fee Percentage][If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – the sum of the Base 
Fee Percentage and the FX Hedging Fee Percentage]. 
(a) 
Determination and Publication of Metal Entitlement per ETC Security and Value per 
ETC Security 
Subject to Condition 10(e), the Determination Agent shall determine the Metal Entitlement per ETC 
Security in accordance with Condition 6(b) in respect of each Scheduled Valuation Day during the 
term of the ETC Securities up to (and including) the earlier to occur of the Early Redemption 
Valuation Date and the Final Redemption Valuation Date and notify its determination of the Metal 
Entitlement per ETC Security in respect of a Scheduled Valuation Day to the Issuer, the Trustee, 
the Programme Counterparty and the Issuing and Paying Agent by no later than 14:00 London time 
on the immediately following Scheduled Valuation Day.  
Subject to Condition 10(e), the Determination Agent shall determine the Value per ETC Security in 
accordance with Condition 6(c) in respect of each Scheduled Valuation Day during the term of the 
ETC Securities up to (but excluding) the earlier to occur of the Early Redemption Valuation Date 
and the Final Redemption Valuation Date and notify its determination of the Value per ETC Security 
in respect of a Scheduled Valuation Day to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Programme Counterparty 
and the Issuing and Paying Agent by no later than 14:00 London time on the immediately following 
Scheduled Valuation Day.  
Subject to Condition 10(e), the Issuer shall publish the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security and the 
Value per ETC Security notified to it by the Determination Agent in respect of a Scheduled Valuation 
Day by no later than 16:00 London time on the immediately following Scheduled Valuation Day on 
the website maintained on behalf of the Issuer at www.etc.db.com (or such other website as may 
be notified to Securityholders in accordance with Condition 20 from time to time).  
(b) 
Metal Entitlement per ETC Security 
The “Metal Entitlement per ETC Security” in respect of a Scheduled Valuation Day shall be an 
amount per ETC Security determined by the Determination Agent as follows:

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
(i) 
if the Scheduled Valuation Day is the Series Issue Date, the Metal Entitlement per ETC 
Security in respect of the Series Issue Date shall be equal to the Initial Metal Entitlement per 
ETC Security;  
(ii) 
[If ETC Securities are not FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – 
subject to Condition 10(e), in relation to any other Scheduled Valuation Day, the Metal 
Entitlement per ETC Security in respect of such Scheduled Valuation Day shall be an amount 
calculated by the Determination Agent equal to: 
(A) 
the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security in respect of the immediately preceding 
Scheduled Valuation Day; multiplied by  
(B) 
the Product Fee Deduction Factor. 
For illustration purposes only, a formulaic expression of the determination of Metal 
Entitlement per ETC Security is set out below: 
 
Where: 
“Et” means Metal Entitlement per ETC Security in respect of the relevant Scheduled Valuation 
Day; 
“Et-1” means Metal Entitlement per ETC Security in respect of the Scheduled Valuation Day 
immediately preceding the relevant Scheduled Valuation Day; 
“PFP” means the Product Fee Percentage; and 
“YF(t)” means an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the number of calendar days from (and including) the immediately preceding 
Scheduled Valuation Day to (but excluding) the relevant Scheduled Valuation 
Day; divided by 
(ii) 
360.] 
[If ETC Securities are FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – 
subject to Condition 10(e), in relation to any other Scheduled Valuation Day, the Metal 
Entitlement per ETC Security in respect of such Scheduled Valuation Day shall be an amount 
calculated by the Determination Agent equal to: 
(A) 
the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security in respect of the immediately preceding 
Scheduled Valuation Day; multiplied by  
(B) 
the Product Fee Deduction Factor; multiplied by  
(C) 
the FX Factor. 
For illustration purposes only, a formulaic expression of the determination of Metal 
Entitlement per ETC Security is set out below: 
 
Where: 

)
(
1
1
t
YF
PFP
E
E
t
t






)
(
1
1
)
,1
(
1
1
1
t
YF
PFP
M
M
S
t
t
F
E
E
t
t
t
t
t


























--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
“Et” means Metal Entitlement per ETC Security in respect of the relevant Scheduled Valuation 
Day; 
“Et-1” means Metal Entitlement per ETC Security in respect of the Scheduled Valuation Day 
immediately preceding the relevant Scheduled Valuation Day; 
“F(t-1,t)” means an amount equal to the FX Forward Reference Level in respect of the 
Scheduled Valuation Day immediately preceding the relevant Scheduled Valuation Day; 
“Mt” means the Metal Reference Price on the relevant Scheduled Valuation Day;  
“Mt-1” means the Metal Reference Price in respect of the Scheduled Valuation Day 
immediately preceding the relevant Scheduled Valuation Day;  
“St” means an amount equal to the FX Spot Reference Level in respect of the relevant 
Scheduled Valuation Day; 
“PFP” means the Product Fee Percentage; and 
“YF(t)” means an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the number of calendar days from (and including) the immediately preceding 
Scheduled Valuation Day to (but excluding) the relevant Scheduled Valuation 
Day; divided by 
(ii) 
360.] 
(c) 
Value per ETC Security 
The “Value per ETC Security” in respect of a Scheduled Valuation Day shall be an amount per 
ETC Security expressed in the Specified Currency and determined by the Determination Agent as 
being equal to: 
[If ETC Securities are not FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – 
(i) 
the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security in respect of the relevant Scheduled Valuation Day 
(the Value per ETC Security as of the Issue Date is equal to the Issue Price per ETC 
Security); multiplied by  
(ii) 
the Metal Reference Price in respect of the relevant Scheduled Valuation Day. 
For illustration purposes only, a formulaic expression of the determination of Value per ETC Security 
is set out below: 
 
Where: 
“VpSt” means the Value per ETC Security in respect of the relevant Scheduled Valuation Day (the 
Value per ETC Security of the Issue Date is equal to the Issue Price per ETC Security);  
“Et” means Metal Entitlement per ETC Security in respect of the relevant Scheduled Valuation Day; 
and 
“Mt” means the relevant Metal Reference Price on the relevant Scheduled Valuation Day.] 
[If ETC Securities are FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – 
(i) 
the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security in respect of the relevant Scheduled Valuation Day 
(the Value per ETC Security as of the Issue Date is equal to the Issue Price per ETC 
Security); multiplied by  
t
t
t
M
E
VpS



--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
(ii) 
the Metal Reference Price in respect of the relevant Scheduled Valuation Day; multiplied by 
(iii) 
the FX Spot Reference Level for the Specified Currency on the relevant Scheduled Valuation 
Day. 
For illustration purposes only, a formulaic expression of the determination of Value per ETC Security 
is set out below: 
 
Where: 
“VpSt” means the Value per ETC Security in respect of the relevant Scheduled Valuation Day (the 
Value per ETC Security of the Issue Date is equal to the Issue Price per ETC Security);  
“Et” means Metal Entitlement per ETC Security in respect of the relevant Scheduled Valuation Day;  
“Mt” means the relevant Metal Reference Price on the relevant Scheduled Valuation Day; and 
“St” means the relevant FX Spot Reference Level for the Specified Currency on the relevant 
Scheduled Valuation Day.] 
7 
Security 
(a) 
Security 
(i) 
The Secured Issuer Obligations are secured in favour of the Trustee, pursuant to the Security 
Deed, by: 
(A) 
an assignment by way of security of all the Issuer’s rights, title, interest and benefit 
present and future against the Secured Account Custodian, the Subscription Account 
Custodian and any Sub-Custodian relating to the Underlying Metal in respect of this 
Series of ETC Securities under the Custody Agreement for Secured Accounts, the 
Custody Agreement for the Subscription Account and any Sub-Custody Agreements 
(if any); 
(B) 
a first fixed charge over all of the Underlying Metal in respect of this Series of ETC 
Securities and all sums or assets derived therefrom;  
(C) 
an assignment by way of security of all of the Issuer’s rights, title, interest and benefit 
present and future in, to and under the Balancing Agreement, Metal Agent Agreement, 
Agency Agreement, the Determination Agent Agreement and the Authorised 
Participant Agreement; and 
(D) 
a first fixed charge over (a) all sums and any other property held or received by the 
Metal Agent relating to the sale of Underlying Metal; and (b) all sums held now or in 
the future by the Issuing and Paying Agent [If Uncertificated Registered Securities, 
text will apply or be inserted - and/or the Registrar] and/or the Secured Account 
Custodian to meet payments due in respect of any Secured Issuer Obligation or Other 
Issuer Obligation relating to the ETC Securities. 
(ii) 
The Security is granted to the Trustee as continuing Security for the Secured Issuer 
Obligations. In accordance with the Security Deed, prior to any enforcement of the Security, 
the Trustee will be deemed to release from such Security without the need for any notice or 
other formalities: 
(A) 
sums held by the Issuing and Paying Agent [If Uncertificated Registered Securities, 
text will apply or be inserted –, the Registrar], the Secured Account Custodian and/or 
t
t
t
t
S
M
E
VpS




--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
the Metal Agent, as applicable, to the extent required for payment of any sum or 
delivery of any Metal in respect of the ETC Securities and/or under the Transaction 
Documents which is due and payable to be duly made or immediately deliverable 
(which for the avoidance of doubt shall include, without limitation, amounts payable in 
respect of Principal to Securityholders in accordance with these Conditions, amounts 
which the Metal Agent is permitted to deduct pursuant to Condition 7(d) and Buy-Back 
Redemption Amounts deliverable to any Authorised Participant by the Issuer); 
(B) 
any part of the Secured Property to the extent required to comply with and subject to 
the provisions of Conditions 7(d), 7(g) and 7(h); and 
(C) 
a pro rata amount of the Secured Property in connection with the purchase and 
cancellation of any ETC Securities by the Issuer. 
(b) 
Money Received by the Trustee Prior to Enforcement of Security 
(i) 
Pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed, the Issuer agrees, on any date on which a payment 
of Principal under these Conditions in respect of any ETC Securities becomes due, 
unconditionally to pay the Trustee (or to the order of the Trustee) in same day funds, in 
accordance with the Trust Deed, the Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount, 
as applicable, in respect of the ETC Securities which is due and payable on that date. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Conditions or the Trust Deed, (1) payment 
of Principal due under the ETC Securities pursuant to the Conditions made to the Issuing 
and Paying Agent in accordance with the terms of the Agency Agreement shall, to that extent, 
satisfy the Issuer’s obligation to make payments of Principal in respect of the ETC Securities 
to the Trustee for the account of the Securityholders except to the extent that there is failure 
by the Issuing and Paying Agent to pass such payment to the relevant Securityholders 
(whether via payment through the Relevant Clearing System or otherwise) and (2) a payment 
of Principal made after the due date or as a result of the ETC Securities becoming repayable 
following an Event of Default or the occurrence of an Early Redemption Event shall be 
deemed to have been made when the full amount due has been received by the Issuing and 
Paying Agent or the Trustee and notice to that effect has been given to the Securityholders, 
except to the extent that there is failure by the Issuing and Paying Agent to pass such 
payment to the relevant Securityholders (whether via payment through the Relevant Clearing 
System or otherwise). Under the terms of the Trust Deed, the Trustee holds the benefit of 
this covenant on trust for itself and the Securityholders according to their respective interests. 
(ii) 
Save for any moneys received in connection with the realisation or enforcement of all or part 
of the Security, all moneys received by or on behalf of the Trustee in relation to the Issuer’s 
covenant to pay Principal pursuant to Condition 7(b)(i) will, despite any appropriation of all or 
part of them by the Issuer, be held by the Trustee on trust to apply them, subject to Conditions 
21(kk) and 21(ll): 
(A) 
first, in payment or satisfaction of the fees, costs, charges, expenses and liabilities 
properly incurred by or payable to the Trustee under or pursuant to the Transaction 
Documents (including, without limitation, any Taxes (other than any income, 
corporation or similar tax in respect of the Trustee’s remuneration) required to be paid 
by the Trustee in connection with the performance of its obligations under the 
Transaction Documents and the Trustee’s remuneration); 
(B) 
secondly, in payment of any amounts owing to the holders of ETC Securities pari 
passu and rateably; and 
(C) 
thirdly, in payment of any balance to the Issuer for itself.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
If the Trustee holds any moneys in respect of ETC Securities that have become void or in 
respect of which claims have become prescribed, the Trustee will hold them on the trusts 
described above. 
(c) 
Application of Proceeds of Enforcement of Security 
Pursuant to the terms of the Security Deed, subject to Condition 7(d)(ii), and Conditions 21(kk) and 
21(ll), the Trustee will apply the proceeds derived from the realisation of the Secured Property 
(whether by way of liquidation or enforcement and after taking account of (x) any Taxes incurred, 
withheld or deducted by or on behalf of the Issuer and (y) any amounts which the Metal Agent is 
permitted to deduct from the proceeds of the realisation of the Underlying Metal in accordance with 
Condition 7(d) properly incurred by the Metal Agent prior to the enforcement of the Security by the 
Trustee (which shall have been certified (including the amounts due to the Metal Agent) by the 
Issuer and the Metal Agent to the Trustee which certificate shall be conclusive and binding)) as 
follows: 
(i) 
first, in payment or satisfaction of all fees, costs, charges, expenses, liabilities and other 
amounts properly incurred by or payable to the Trustee or any receiver under or pursuant to 
the Security Deed and/or the Trust Deed and/or any other Transaction Document (which for 
the purpose of this Condition 7(c) and the Security Deed shall include, without limitation, any 
Taxes required to be paid by the Trustee (other than any income, corporation or similar tax 
in respect of the Trustee’s remuneration), the costs of enforcing or realising all or some of 
the Security and the Trustee’s remuneration); 
(ii) 
secondly, in payment or satisfaction of the Issuer Series Fees and Expenses in respect of 
the ETC Securities (to the extent not paid to the Issuer or direct to the ultimate payee by the 
Arranger following the occurrence of an Arranger Bankruptcy Event); 
(iii) 
thirdly, in payment of any amounts owing to the Issuing and Paying Agent [If Uncertificated 
Registered Securities, text will apply or be inserted –or the Registrar] for reimbursement in 
respect of proper payment of Principal made to the relevant holders of ETC Securities; 
(iv) 
fourthly, on a pari passu basis, in payment of any fees, expenses or other amounts due to (I) 
the Issuing and Paying Agent, any other Paying Agent(s) [If Uncertificated Registered 
Securities, text will apply or be inserted -, the Registrar and the Transfer Agents] pursuant to 
the Agency Agreement, (II) the Secured Account Custodian pursuant to the Custody 
Agreement for Secured Accounts and the Subscription Account Custodian pursuant to the 
Custody Agreement for the Subscription Account, (III) the Determination Agent and the 
Programme Counterparty pursuant to the Determination Agent Agreement and (IV) the Metal 
Agent pursuant to the Metal Agent Agreement; 
(v) 
fifthly, in payment of any amounts owing to the Securityholders pari passu and rateably; 
(vi) 
sixthly, in payment of any amounts owing to the Programme Counterparty under the 
Balancing Agreement; and  
(vii) 
seventhly, in payment of the balance (if any) to the Securityholders. 
(d) 
Liquidation of Underlying Metal following an Early Redemption Event or Final 
Redemption Event 
(i) 
Following the Early Redemption Valuation Date or the Final Redemption Valuation Date, 
upon the occurrence of the first day of the related Redemption Disposal Period, the Metal 
Agent shall, acting as agent of the Issuer [If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be 
inserted – (x)] realise the Underlying Metal in a timely fashion during the Redemption 
Disposal Period in accordance with the terms of the relevant Metal Agent Agreement and

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
applicable laws [If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – ; and (y) convert 
proceeds from the realisation of Underlying Metal into the Specified Currency]. 
The Issuer has authorised and directed the Secured Account Custodian to deliver the 
Underlying Metal held by the Secured Account Custodian or Sub-Custodian to, or to the order 
of, the Metal Agent upon the occurrence of the first day of a Redemption Disposal Period, to 
the extent necessary to effect the realisation of the Underlying Metal. Pursuant to the terms 
of the Security Deed, the Security described in Condition 7(a) shall automatically be released 
without further action on the part of the Trustee to the extent necessary to effect the 
realisation of the Underlying Metal; provided that nothing in this Condition 7(d) shall operate 
to release the charges and other security interests over the proceeds of the realisation of the 
Underlying Metal. 
In realising the Underlying Metal, the Metal Agent may take such steps as it, acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner, considers appropriate in order to effect an orderly 
realisation in a timely fashion (so far as is practicable in the circumstances and taking into 
account the amount of the Underlying Metal to be realised) during the Redemption Disposal 
Period, and may effect such realisation at any time or from time to time during the 
Redemption Disposal Period and may do so in one transaction or in multiple transactions [If 
FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted –, provided that the proceeds of the 
Underlying Metal from each such transaction shall be converted into the Specified Currency 
using the FX Spot Reference Level on or about the day of such sale]. The Metal Agent will 
not be liable to the Issuer or to the Trustee, the Securityholders or any other person merely 
because a higher price could have been obtained had all or part of the realisation been 
delayed or taken place at a different time or had the realisation not been effected in stages. 
The Metal Agent may charge a bid/offer spread in respect of each realisation of the 
Underlying Metal, provided that such bid/offer spread is representative of the bid/offer spread 
that would generally arise on a realisation by the Metal Agent of a similar type and for a 
similar amount of Metal. The Metal Agent shall be permitted to deduct such bid/offer spread 
and any Taxes arising from or connected with any such realisation from the actual proceeds 
of the realisation and shall not be liable to account for anything except the actual proceeds 
of any such realisation received by it after such deductions. The Issuer shall indemnify the 
Metal Agent for any Taxes arising from or connected with any such realisation which are 
borne by the Metal Agent and which the Metal Agent has not deducted from the actual 
proceeds of such realisation. 
Subject as provided above, in carrying out any realisation, the Metal Agent will act in good 
faith and a commercially reasonable manner and will sell at a price which it reasonably 
believes to be representative of the fair market price of Underlying Metal being disposed of 
in the relevant transaction. Without prejudice to anything in this Condition 7(d)(i), the Metal 
Agent shall use reasonable efforts to realise the Underlying Metal in such a way as to 
minimise any VAT which may be charged, withheld or deducted on the realisation thereof 
which would reduce the net realisation proceeds (as compared to the position if no VAT were 
due), save that nothing in this Condition 7(d)(i) shall require the Metal Agent to minimise any 
such VAT in a manner which would itself reduce the net realisation proceeds. 
Subject as provided above, in carrying out any realisation, the Metal Agent may sell (A) to 
itself, or any Affiliate of it, provided that the Metal Agent shall sell at a price which it believes 
to be a fair market price; and (B) to a member of a Relevant Association, to the extent that a 
sale to a member of the Relevant Association would minimise the VAT which may be 
charged, withheld or deducted on the relevant sale as provided above (and thus maximise 
net realisation proceeds after deduction for the VAT (if any) due thereon) and one or more

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
members of the Relevant Association are willing to purchase the Underlying Metal at a fair 
market price.  
The Metal Agent shall pay the Net Sale Proceeds to the Issuing and Paying Agent on behalf 
of the Issuer on or around the day falling two Business Days prior to the Scheduled Maturity 
Date or the Early Redemption Date, as applicable and in any event by not later than 17:00 
London time (or such later time as the Issuing and Paying Agent may agree) on the day 
falling two Business Days prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date or the Early Redemption Date, 
as applicable, (or by such other time and/or on such other date as may be specified for this 
purpose in the relevant Issue Deed or as otherwise agreed by the parties to the relevant 
Metal Agent Agreement).  
(ii) 
Prior to the enforcement of the Security constituted under the Security Deed, the Issuer (or 
its agent) shall apply the proceeds of the realisation of the Underlying Metal after taking 
account of (x) any Taxes incurred, withheld or deducted by or on behalf of the Issuer and (y) 
any amounts which the Metal Agent is permitted to deduct from the proceeds of the 
realisation of the Secured Property in accordance with Condition 7(d)(i), as follows: 
(A) 
first, in payment or satisfaction of all Taxes and other amounts properly incurred by or 
payable to the Metal Agent (which for the purpose of this Condition 7(d) shall include, 
without limitation, any Taxes (other than any income, corporation or similar tax in 
respect of the Metal Agent’s remuneration) required to be paid by the Metal Agent in 
connection with the performance of its obligations under these Conditions and/or by 
the Metal Agent on behalf of the Issuer in connection with the realisation of any 
Underlying Metal and the bid/offer spread charged by the Metal Agent in realising the 
Underlying Metal), provided that in no circumstance shall the amount payable to the 
Metal Agent in accordance with this Condition 7(d)(ii)(A) duplicate any amounts which 
the Metal Agent has deducted from the proceeds of the realisation of the Secured 
Property in accordance with Condition 7(d)(i); 
(B) 
secondly, in payment or satisfaction of all fees, costs, charges, expenses, liabilities 
and other amounts properly incurred by or payable to the Trustee or any receiver 
under or pursuant to the Security Deed and/or the Trust Deed and/or the other 
Transaction Documents (including, without limitation, any Taxes required to be paid 
by the Trustee in connection with the performance of its obligations under the Trust 
Deed and/or the Security Deed and/or the other Transaction Documents and the 
Trustee’s remuneration); 
(C) 
thirdly, in payment or satisfaction of the Issuer Series Fees and Expenses in respect 
of the ETC Securities (to the extent not paid to the Issuer or direct to the ultimate 
payee by the Arranger following the occurrence of an Arranger Bankruptcy Event); 
(D) 
fourthly, in payment of any amounts owing to the Issuing and Paying Agent [If 
Uncertificated Registered Securities, text will apply or be inserted – or the Registrar] 
for reimbursement in respect of proper payment of Principal made to the relevant 
holders of ETC Securities; 
(E) 
fifthly, on a pari passu basis, in payment of any fees, expenses or other amounts due 
to (I) the Issuing and Paying Agent, any other Paying Agent(s) [If Uncertificated 
Registered Securities, text will apply or be inserted –, the Registrar and the Transfer 
Agents] pursuant to the Agency Agreement, (II) the Secured Account Custodian 
pursuant to the Custody Agreement for Secured Accounts and Subscription Account 
Custodian pursuant to the Custody Agreement for the Subscription Account, and (III) 
the Determination Agent and the Programme Counterparty pursuant to the 
Determination Agent Agreement;

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
(F) 
sixthly, in payment of any amounts owing to the Securityholders pari passu and 
rateably; 
(G) 
seventhly, in payment of any other amounts owing to the Programme Counterparty 
under the Balancing Agreement; and  
(H) 
eighthly, in payment of the balance (if any) to the Securityholders. 
(e) 
Enforcement of Security Constituted Under the Security Deed 
The Security over the Secured Property shall become enforceable if payment of Principal in respect 
of the ETC Securities is not made when due on the Scheduled Maturity Date or the relevant Early 
Redemption Date (if applicable). 
(f) 
Realisation of Security 
At any time after the Security has become enforceable, the Trustee may, at its discretion, and shall, 
if so directed in writing by holders of at least one-fifth in number of the ETC Securities then 
outstanding or by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Securityholders, in each case subject to it 
having been pre-funded and/or secured and/or indemnified to its satisfaction by the Securityholders, 
enforce the Security constituted under the Security Deed. 
To do this, it may, at its discretion, (i) enforce, terminate and/or realise any relevant Transaction 
Document relating to the ETC Securities in accordance with its or their terms, and/or take action 
against the relevant Obligor(s) and/or (ii) take possession of and/or realise all or part of the Secured 
Property over which the Security shall have become enforceable and may in its discretion, sell, call 
in, collect and convert into money all or part of the Secured Property, in such manner and on such 
terms as it thinks fit, in each case without any liability as to the consequence of such action and 
without having regard to the effect of such action on individual Securityholders and the Trustee will 
not be obliged or required to take any action or step which may involve it in incurring any personal 
liability or expense unless pre-funded and/or secured and/or indemnified to its satisfaction. 
The Trustee may, in writing, appoint a receiver of all or part of the Secured Property relating to the 
ETC Securities over which any Security shall have become enforceable and may remove any 
receiver so appointed and appoint another in its place. No delay or waiver of the right to exercise 
these powers shall prejudice their future exercise. 
Neither the Trustee nor any receiver appointed by it or any attorney or agent of the Trustee will, by 
reason of taking possession of any Secured Property relating to the ETC Securities or any other 
reason and whether or not as mortgagee in possession, be liable to account for anything except 
actual receipts or be liable for any loss or damage arising from the realisation of such Secured 
Property or from any act or omission to such Secured Property or otherwise unless such loss or 
damage shall be caused by its own fraud. 
The Trustee shall not be required to take any action in relation to the enforcement of the Security 
that would involve any personal liability or expense without first being indemnified and/or secured 
and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction. 
(g) 
Shortfall after Application of Proceeds 
In respect of the ETC Securities, the Transaction Parties and the Securityholders shall have 
recourse only to the Secured Property in respect of the ETC Securities, subject always to the 
Security, and not to any other assets of the Issuer. If, following realisation in full of the Secured 
Property (whether by way of liquidation or enforcement) and application of available cash sums as 
provided in this Condition 7, the Trust Deed and the Security Deed, as applicable, any outstanding 
claim against the Issuer in respect of the Secured Issuer Obligations remains unpaid, then such 
outstanding claim shall be extinguished and no debt shall be owed by the Issuer in respect thereof.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
Following the extinguishment of any such claim in accordance with this Condition 7(g), none of the 
Transaction Parties, the Securityholders or any other person acting on behalf of any of them shall 
be entitled to take any further steps against the Issuer or any of its officers, shareholders, corporate 
service providers or directors to recover any further sum in respect of the extinguished claim and 
no debt shall be owed to any such persons by the Issuer in respect of such further sum. 
None of the Transaction Parties, the Securityholders or any person acting on behalf of any of them 
may, at any time, bring, institute or join with any other person in bringing, instituting or joining 
insolvency, administration, bankruptcy, winding-up, examinership or any other similar proceedings 
(whether court-based or otherwise) in relation to the Issuer or any of its assets, and none of them 
shall have any claim arising with respect to the sums, assets and/or property attributable to any 
other securities issued by the Issuer (save for any further securities which form a single series with 
the ETC Securities).  
The provisions of this Condition 7(g) shall survive notwithstanding any redemption of the ETC 
Securities or the termination or expiration of any Transaction Document.  
(h) 
Issuer’s Rights as Beneficial Owner of Secured Property 
Without prejudice to Condition 17(a), at any time before any Security in respect of the ETC 
Securities becomes enforceable, the Issuer may, with the sanction of an Extraordinary Resolution 
or with the prior written consent of the Trustee: 
(i) 
take such action in relation to the Secured Property relating to the ETC Securities as it may 
think expedient; and 
(ii) 
exercise any rights incidental to the ownership of the Secured Property which are exercisable 
by the Issuer and, in particular (but, without limitation, and without responsibility for their 
exercise), any voting rights in respect of such property and all rights to enforce any such 
ownership interests in respect of such property.  
The Issuer shall not exercise any rights with respect to the Secured Property, unless it has the 
consents referred to above or is directed to do so by an Extraordinary Resolution and, if such 
direction or consent is given, the Issuer shall act only in accordance with such direction or consent, 
provided that, prior to the enforcement of the Security, the Issuer may release or modify the rights 
and assets which are comprised in the Secured Property without any further action or consent being 
required on the part of the Trustee to the extent necessary in connection with any of the 
circumstances described in Condition 7(a) in relation to which the Security over such Secured 
Property is released. 
8 
Restrictions 
So long as any of the ETC Securities remain outstanding, the Issuer shall not, without the prior written 
consent of the Trustee and, other than in respect of paragraphs (ii), (iii) and (vi), the Arranger and the 
Programme Counterparty: 
(i) 
engage in any business activities, save that the Issuer may without consent engage in any of the 
following activities (or any other business activity which relates to or is incidental thereto): 
(A) 
issue, enter into, amend, exchange or repurchase and cancel or reissue or resell all or some 
only of the ETC Securities of any Series under the Programme as may be provided in these 
Conditions and the Trust Deed and the Transaction Documents and in connection therewith 
enter into or amend Transaction Documents accordingly; 
(B) 
acquire and own rights, property or other assets which are to comprise Secured Property for 
a Series of ETC Securities issued under the Programme so as to enable it to discharge its

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
obligations under such Series, and any relevant Transaction Document relating to such 
Series; 
(C) 
perform its respective obligations under any ETC Securities issued under the Programme, 
and any relevant Transaction Document entered into in connection with such Series, and any 
agreements incidental to the granting of Security relating to any such Series of ETC 
Securities or incidental to the issue and constitution of any Series of ETC Securities issued 
under the Programme; 
(D) 
engage in any activity in relation to the Secured Property, the Balancing Agreement or any 
Transaction Document contemplated by the Conditions or such Transaction Document 
relating to any Series of ETC Securities; 
(E) 
subject as provided in the relevant Trust Deed, the relevant Security Deed and in the 
Conditions relating to any Series of ETC Securities enforce any of its rights whether under 
the relevant Trust Deed, the relevant Security Deed, any other Transaction Document or 
otherwise under any agreement entered into in relation to any Series of ETC Securities or 
any Secured Property relating to any such Series; and 
(F) 
perform any other act incidental to or necessary in connection with any of the above (which 
shall include, without limitation, the appointment of auditors and any other administrative or 
management functions necessary to maintain the Issuer and/or to keep it operating and/or to 
comply with any laws, regulations or rules applicable to it);  
(ii) 
cause or permit the Balancing Agreement or the terms of the Security granted under the Security 
Deed and the order of priority specified in the Conditions, the Trust Deed and the Security Deed, as 
applicable, to be amended, terminated or discharged (other than as contemplated by the relevant 
Trust Deed, Security Deed, Balancing Agreement and/or the Conditions relating to such Series of 
ETC Securities); 
(iii) 
release any party to the Balancing Agreement, the relevant Trust Deed, the relevant Security Deed 
or any other relevant Transaction Document relating to a Series of ETC Securities from any existing 
obligations thereunder (other than as contemplated by the relevant Trust Deed, Security Deed, 
Balancing Agreement and/or the Conditions relating to such Series of ETC Securities); 
(iv) 
have any subsidiaries; 
(v) 
sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of the Secured Property in respect of any Series of ETC Securities 
or any right or interest therein or thereto or create or allow to exist any charge, lien or other 
encumbrance over such Secured Property (to the extent it relates to the Issuer) except in 
accordance with the Conditions of the relevant ETC Securities of any such Series and any other 
Transaction Document relating to any such Series as may be applicable; 
(vi) 
consent to any variation of, or exercise any powers or consent or waiver pursuant to, the terms of 
the Balancing Agreement, the Conditions, the relevant Trust Deed, the relevant Security Deed or 
any other Transaction Document relating to any Series of ETC Securities (other than as 
contemplated by the Conditions and the relevant Transaction Documents); 
(vii) 
consolidate or merge with any other person or convey or transfer its properties or assets 
substantially as an entirety to any person (other than as contemplated by the relevant Trust Deed 
and the Conditions for any Series of ETC Securities); 
(viii) 
have any employees; 
(ix) 
issue any shares (other than such shares in the capital of the Issuer as were issued at the time of 
its incorporation and which are held on charitable trust by the subscribers currently being Elian

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
Nominees (Jersey) Limited and Naile Nominees (Jersey) Limited) or make any distribution to its 
shareholders; 
(x) 
open or have any interest in any account with a bank or financial institution other than the Reserve 
Trust Account unless such account (A) relates to a Series of ETC Securities, a Custody Agreement 
for Secured Accounts or Custody Agreement for the Subscription Account, the Balancing 
Agreement or any Secured Property relating to a Series of ETC Securities or any party thereto and 
the Issuer’s interest in such account is simultaneously charged in favour of the relevant Trustee so 
as to form part of the relevant Secured Property relating to such Series of ETC Securities or (B) is 
opened in connection with the administration and management of the Issuer and only moneys 
necessary for that purpose are credited to it; 
(xi) 
declare any dividends, other than an annual dividend payable to the shareholder(s) of the Issuer in 
the aggregate amount of GBP 1,000; 
(xii) 
purchase, own, lease or otherwise acquire any real property (including office premises or like 
facilities); 
(xiii) 
guarantee, act as surety for or become obligated for the debts of any other entity or person or enter 
into any agreement with any other entity or person whereby it agrees to satisfy the obligations of 
such entity or person or any other entity or person; 
(xiv) 
acquire any securities or shareholdings whatsoever from its shareholders or enter into any 
agreements whereby it would be acquiring the obligations and/or liabilities of its shareholders; 
(xv) 
except as contemplated by any relevant Transaction Document and/or the Conditions relating to a 
Series of ETC Securities, advance or lend any of its moneys or assets, including, but not limited to, 
the rights, property or other assets comprising the Secured Property for any such Series of ETC 
Securities, to any other entity or person;  
(xvi) 
subject as provided in (i) above, incur any other indebtedness for borrowed moneys, other than 
(subject to Conditions 7 and 19) issuing further ETC Securities under the Programme (which may 
or may not form a single series with the ETC Securities of any Series and may or may not be 
guaranteed by a third party) and creating or incurring further obligations relating to such ETC 
Securities, provided that: 
(A) 
such further ETC Securities and obligations are secured on assets of the Issuer other than 
(I) the Secured Property relating to any other Series of ETC Securities and (II) the Issuer’s 
share capital; 
(B) 
such further ETC Securities and obligations are secured pari passu upon the Secured 
Property relating to the Series of ETC Securities with which such ETC Securities are to form 
a single series (as such Secured Property may be increased in connection with the issue of 
such further securities), all in accordance with Condition 19 of the relevant Series of ETC 
Securities; and 
(C) 
if further ETC Securities which are to form a single series with the ETC Securities are being 
issued, the relevant Authorised Participant has transferred to or to the order of the Issuer an 
amount of Metal in respect of each further ETC Security equal to the Metal Entitlement per 
ETC Security on the relevant Subscription Trade Date; or 
(xvii) permit or cause any Underlying Metal to be transferred out of a Secured Account other than a 
transfer made (1) in accordance with the Issuer’s obligations under the Balancing Agreement; (2) 
to an Authorised Participant in connection with the settlement of a Buy-Back Order; or (3) to the 
Metal Agent following an Early Redemption Valuation Date or Final Redemption Valuation Date in 
accordance with Condition 7(d) and the relevant Metal Agent Agreement,

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
provided that the Issuer shall not take any action (even where the prior written consent of the Trustee, the 
Arranger and the Programme Counterparty is obtained) if such action is, in the opinion of the Issuer, 
inconsistent with the objects of the Issuer as specified in its Memorandum and Articles of Association. 
9 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
For the purposes of this Condition 9, the following terms have the meanings as set out below: 
“Aggregate Final Metal Entitlement” means, in respect of a Final Redemption Valuation Date or Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, the product of (i) the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security as of such Final 
Redemption Valuation Date or Early Redemption Valuation Date, as the case may be; and (ii) the total 
number of ETC Securities outstanding, in each case as at such date. 
“Aggregate Metal Sold” means, in respect of a Redemption Disposal Period, the aggregate number of 
Trading Units of Underlying Metal sold by the Metal Agent during the Redemption Disposal Period. The 
Metal Agent will notify the Issuer, the Determination Agent, the Issuing and Paying Agent and the Trustee 
of the number of Trading Units of Underlying Metal sold by the Metal Agent as soon as reasonably 
practicable following each sale, and in any event no later than the day falling two Business Days prior to 
the Scheduled Maturity Date or the Early Redemption Date, as applicable, of Underlying Metal during the 
Redemption Disposal Period and will notify the Issuer, the Determination Agent, the Issuing and Paying 
Agent and the Trustee of the Aggregate Metal Sold as soon as reasonably practicable following the last 
day during the Redemption Disposal Period on which Underlying Metal is sold, and in any event no later 
than the day falling two Business Days prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date or the Early Redemption Date, 
as applicable. 
“Average Metal Sale Price” means a price denominated in the Specified Currency determined by the 
Determination Agent as being equal to: 
(i) 
Net Sale Proceeds; divided by  
(ii) 
Aggregate Metal Sold, 
provided that if the Aggregate Final Metal Entitlement exceeds the Aggregate Metal Sold, then for the 
purposes of calculating the Average Metal Sale Price only, such excess shall be deemed to have been 
sold by the Metal Agent at the last available Metal Reference Price as at the last day of the Redemption 
Disposal Period [If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – and converted into the 
Specified Currency at the FX Spot Reference Level with respect to such day (or, if no FX Spot Reference 
Level is available with respect to such day, the last available FX Spot Reference Level)], as determined by 
the Determination Agent. 
“Early Metal Redemption Amount” means an amount determined by the Determination Agent as being 
equal to the product of (i) the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security as at the Early Redemption Valuation 
Date; and (ii) the Average Metal Sale Price. 
“Early Redemption Date” means, subject to postponement in accordance Condition 10(c), the earlier of: 
(a) five Business Days after the first day on which all Underlying Metal held by or on behalf of the Issuer in 
respect of Series of the ETC Securities has been sold by the Metal Agent in accordance with the terms of 
the Metal Agent Agreement; and (b) the 45th calendar day following the Early Redemption Valuation Date 
(with such 45th calendar day being the “Scheduled Early Redemption Date”).  
“Early Redemption Disposal Period” means, subject to Condition 10(c), the period from (and including) 
the date falling four Scheduled Valuation Days after the Early Redemption Valuation Date to (but excluding) 
the date falling five Business Days prior to the Scheduled Early Redemption Date. 
“Early Redemption Valuation Date” means, subject to Condition 10(c):

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
(i) 
in relation to an Early Redemption Event the date of the occurrence of the Early Redemption Event 
as specified in Condition 9(c) or 9(d), as applicable; and 
(ii) 
in relation to an Event of Default, the date of the notice from the Trustee given to the Issuer and the 
Programme Counterparty pursuant to Condition 15; 
or if such day is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day. 
“Final Metal Redemption Amount” means an amount determined by the Determination Agent as being 
equal to the product of (i) the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security as at the Final Redemption Valuation 
Date; and (ii) the Average Metal Sale Price. 
“Final Redemption Disposal Period” means, subject to Condition 10(c), the period from (and including) 
the date falling four Scheduled Valuation Days after the Final Redemption Valuation Date to (but excluding) 
the date falling five Business Days prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
“Final Redemption Valuation Date” means, subject to Condition 10(c), the day falling 45 calendar days 
prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date being [To be specified in Final Terms – ●], provided that if such day 
is not a Business Day, the Final Redemption Valuation Date shall be the immediately following Business 
Day. 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “FX Forward Reference Level” has the 
meaning given to it in Condition 6.] 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “FX Spot Reference Level” has the meaning 
given to it in Condition 6.] 
“Metal Entitlement per ETC Security” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(b). 
“Metal Reference Price” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6.  
“Net Sale Proceeds” means an amount notified by the Metal Agent to the Issuer, the Determination Agent, 
the Issuing and Paying Agent and the Trustee as soon as reasonably practicable following the last day 
during the Redemption Disposal Period on which Underlying Metal is sold, and in any event no later than 
the day falling two Business Days prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date or the Early Redemption Date, as 
applicable, which is denominated in the Specified Currency and equal to (i) the proceeds of the sale of 
Underlying Metal in accordance with Condition 7(d) [If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be 
inserted – (for the avoidance of doubt, converted into the Specified Currency)] less (ii) all amounts which 
the Metal Agent is entitled to deduct from the proceeds of sale in accordance with Condition 7(d). The 
Metal Agent will also notify the Issuer, the Determination Agent, the Issuing and Paying Agent and the 
Trustee of the sale proceeds of each sale of Underlying Metal as soon as reasonably practicable following 
each sale and in any event no later than the day falling two Business Days prior to the Scheduled Maturity 
Date or the Early Redemption Date, as applicable. 
“Redemption Disposal Period” means in respect of a determination of (i) the Final Metal Redemption 
Amount, the Final Redemption Disposal Period; or (ii) the Early Metal Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Disposal Period. 
“Specified Currency” has the meaning given to it in Condition 1. 
“Trading Unit” means [If the Metal is Gold, text will apply or be inserted – one fine troy ounce.][If the Metal 
is Silver, Platinum, Palladium or Rhodium, text will apply or be inserted – one troy ounce.] 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed in whole or purchased and cancelled by the Issuer as provided below, 
subject to Condition 10(c), each ETC Security shall become due and payable on [scheduled maturity 
date of the relevant Series to be specified in Final Terms] (unless such date is (x) postponed

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
pursuant to a Maturity Postponement Notice, in which case that date will be postponed by the 
number of days specified in such Maturity Postponement Notice; or (y) not a Business Day, in which 
case that date will be the first following day that is a Business Day) (the “Scheduled Maturity Date”) 
at its final redemption amount (the “Final Redemption Amount”), being an amount per ETC 
Security determined by the Determination Agent equal to the greater of: 
(i) 
the Final Metal Redemption Amount; and 
(ii) 
10 per cent. of the Issue Price per ETC Security as at the Series Issue Date (the “Minimum 
Debt Amount”). 
The Issuer will, on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, publish the determination of the Final 
Redemption Amount (which shall include publication of the price, volume and date of each sale of 
Underlying Metal during the Redemption Disposal Period, including information on any fees, 
deductions and/or taxes imposed on such sale, and the determination of the Average Metal Sale 
Price) on the website maintained on behalf of the Issuer at www.etc.db.com or such other website 
notified by the Issuer for such Series of ETC Securities from time to time. 
The ability of the Issuer to make payment of the Final Redemption Amount is dependent on (A) the 
Final Metal Redemption Amount being at least equal to the Minimum Debt Amount; and (B) each of 
the Metal Agent and the Programme Counterparty fulfilling their obligations under the Metal Agent 
Agreement and Balancing Agreement (respectively). 
Provided that the Final Metal Redemption Amount is at least equal to the Minimum Debt Amount, 
the ability of the Issuer to make payment of the Final Redemption Amount will be dependent on 
(I) its receipt in full from the Metal Agent of the proceeds of the disposal of the Underlying Metal in 
accordance with Condition 7(d); (II) the Metal Agent having sold all of the Underlying Metal on or 
prior to the last day of the Redemption Disposal Period; and (III) the Underlying Metal held by the 
Issuer as at the first day of the Redemption Disposal Period being at least equal to the Aggregate 
Final Metal Entitlement. 
To the extent any of (I), (II) or (III) above are not satisfied, the provisions of Condition 7 shall apply 
with respect to the enforcement of the Issuer’s rights against the Metal Agent and/or the Programme 
Counterparty and the payment of any proceeds of any such enforcement shall be made in 
accordance with Condition 7. If the Issuer’s inability to pay the Final Redemption Amount on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date is solely due to the Final Metal Redemption Amount falling below the 
Minimum Debt Amount, the Issuer may not have any further rights against the Metal Agent and/or 
the Programme Counterparty which could be enforced and therefore there may not be any proceeds 
of enforcement of the Security. 
All such payments are also subject to the limited recourse provisions of Condition 7(g). As a result 
of the application of Condition 7(g), the Securityholders may not receive in full the Final Redemption 
Amount payable in respect of an ETC Security. 
(b) 
Early Redemption Amount 
If any of the Early Redemption Events listed in Condition 9(d) occur, subject to Condition 10(c), each 
ETC Security shall become due and payable on the related Early Redemption Date at its early 
redemption amount (the “Early Redemption Amount”) being an amount per ETC Security 
determined by the Determination Agent equal to the greater of: 
(i) 
the Early Metal Redemption Amount; and 
(ii) 
the Minimum Debt Amount (as defined in Condition 9(a)(ii)). 
The Issuer will, on or prior to the Early Redemption Date, publish the determination of the Early 
Redemption Amount (which shall include publication of the price, volume and date of each sale of

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
Underlying Metal during the Redemption Disposal Period, including information on any fees, 
deductions and/or taxes imposed on such sale, and the determination of the Average Metal Sale 
Price) on the website maintained on behalf of the Issuer at www.etc.db.com or such other website 
notified by the Issuer for such Series of ETC Securities from time to time. 
The ability of the Issuer to make payment of the Early Redemption Amount is dependent on (A) the 
Early Metal Redemption Amount being at least equal to the Minimum Debt Amount; and (B) each 
of the Metal Agent and the Programme Counterparty fulfilling their obligations under the Metal Agent 
Agreement and Balancing Agreement (respectively). 
Provided that the Early Metal Redemption Amount is at least equal to the Minimum Debt Amount, 
the ability of the Issuer to make payment of the Early Redemption Amount will be dependent on (I) 
its receipt in full from the Metal Agent of the proceeds of the disposal of the Underlying Metal in 
accordance with Condition 7(d); (II) the Metal Agent having sold all of the Underlying Metal on or 
prior to the last day of the Redemption Disposal Period; and (III) the Underlying Metal held by the 
Issuer as at the first day of the Redemption Disposal Period being at least equal to the Aggregate 
Final Metal Entitlement.  
To the extent any of (I), (II) or (III) above are not satisfied, the provisions of Condition 7 shall apply 
with respect to the enforcement of the Issuer’s rights against the Metal Agent and/or the Programme 
Counterparty and the payment of any proceeds of any such enforcement shall be made in 
accordance with Condition 7. If the Issuer’s inability to pay the Early Redemption Amount on the 
Early Redemption Date is solely due to the Early Metal Redemption Amount falling below the 
Minimum Debt Amount, the Issuer may not have any further rights against the Metal Agent and/or 
the Programme Counterparty which could be enforced and therefore there may not be any proceeds 
of enforcement of the Security. 
All such payments are also subject to the limited recourse provisions of Condition 7(g). As a result 
of the application of Condition 7(g), the Securityholders may not receive in full the Early Redemption 
Amount payable in respect of an ETC Security. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions or any Transaction Document, if at any 
time following notice being given that an Early Redemption Event is to occur (the “Initial Early 
Redemption Event”) a notice is given that an event or circumstance which would otherwise 
constitute or give rise to an Early Redemption Event occurs (the “Secondary Early Redemption 
Event”) in respect of which the Early Redemption Valuation Date relating thereto occurs (or would 
occur) prior to the date that would have been the Early Redemption Valuation Date in respect of the 
Initial Early Redemption Event, the Secondary Early Redemption Event shall prevail and all 
references to the “Early Redemption Event” in the Conditions and the Transaction Documents shall 
be construed accordingly. 
The Issuer shall give notice to the Securityholders of the Early Redemption Valuation Date and the 
Early Redemption Date of the ETC Securities as soon as reasonably practicable in accordance with 
Condition 20. 
(c) 
Issuer Call Redemption Event 
The Issuer may, on giving an irrevocable notice to the Programme Counterparty and the 
Securityholders in accordance with Condition 20, elect to redeem all the ETC Securities of this 
Series and designate an Early Redemption Valuation Date for such purposes, provided that the 
date designated as the Early Redemption Valuation Date shall not be earlier than the 60th calendar 
day following the date of the relevant notice and shall not be on or after the Final Redemption 
Valuation Date (such notice an “Issuer Call Redemption Notice”). For the purposes of Condition 
9(b), an Early Redemption Event in the form of an “Issuer Call Redemption Event” will occur on 
the Early Redemption Valuation Date designated in the Issuer Call Redemption Notice (save that if

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
such day is not a Business Day the Early Redemption Valuation Date shall be the first following 
Business Day). The Issuer shall give a copy of the Issuer Call Redemption Notice to each of the 
Transaction Parties on the same date as such notice is given to the Programme Counterparty and 
the Securityholders. 
(d) 
Early Redemption Events 
Each of the following events shall be an early redemption event (each an “Early Redemption 
Event”): 
(i) 
on or after the Series Issue Date due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law, 
regulation, rule, order, ruling or procedure (including, without limitation, any tax law and any 
regulation, rule, order, ruling or procedure of any applicable regulatory authority, applicable 
market association, tax authority and/or any exchange) or due to the promulgation of or any 
change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction (including, without limitation, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, any 
Commodity Regulatory Body, the LBMA, the LPPM or any relevant exchange or trading 
facility) of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), 
the Issuer may give the Trustee, the Secured Account Custodian, the Subscription Account 
Custodian, the Determination Agent, the Lead Authorised Participant, the Authorised 
Participants, the Issuing and Paying Agent, [If Uncertificated Registered Securities, text will 
apply or be inserted – the Registrar,] the Programme Counterparty, the Metal Agent and the 
Securityholders in accordance with Condition 20 notice that all the ETC Securities of this 
Series are to be redeemed and designate an Early Redemption Valuation Date for such 
purposes, provided that the date designated as the Early Redemption Valuation Date shall 
not be earlier than the 30th calendar day following the date of the relevant notice and shall 
not be later than the Final Redemption Valuation Date (such notice an “Issuer Redemption 
Notice”), because: 
(A) 
it has (or reasonably expects that it will) become illegal for the Issuer to (x) hold, 
acquire or dispose of all or some only of the Underlying Metal, and/or (y) perform its 
obligations under the ETC Securities and/or the Balancing Agreement; or 
(B) 
the Issuer would (or would expect to) incur a materially increased cost in performing 
its obligations under the ETC Securities and/or the Balancing Agreement (including, 
without limitation, any increase in any applicable Taxes, any decrease in any 
applicable tax benefit and/or any other costs or liability to Tax of the Issuer relating to 
any change in any applicable tax law or regulation). 
For the purposes of Condition 9(b), an Early Redemption Event in the form of an “Issuer 
Change in Law or Regulation Redemption Event” will occur on the Early Redemption 
Valuation Date designated in the Issuer Redemption Notice (save that if such day is not a 
Business Day, the Early Redemption Valuation Date shall be the first following Business 
Day); 
(ii) 
a notice of termination (other than a Balancing Agreement Optional Termination Notice) is 
validly delivered by the Issuer or the Programme Counterparty, as applicable, under the 
Balancing Agreement following which the Balancing Agreement is to terminate in whole prior 
to the Scheduled Maturity Date of the ETC Securities (such notice being the “Balancing 
Agreement Termination Notice” and the date of termination being the “Balancing 
Agreement Early Termination Date”). For the purposes of Condition 9(b), an Early 
Redemption Event in the form of a “Balancing Agreement Redemption Event” will occur 
on such Balancing Agreement Early Termination Date. Set out below is a description of the 
circumstances and events in which a Balancing Agreement Early Termination Date may be 
designated or occur.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
(A) 
Pursuant to the terms of the Balancing Agreement (to which the Issuer and the 
Programme Counterparty are the only parties), if one of the following events occurs 
and is then continuing with respect to a party (each a “Balancing Agreement Event 
of Default”), the other party may deliver a Balancing Agreement Termination Notice 
to such party and a Balancing Agreement Early Termination Date will occur on the 
fourth Business Day following the day on which such Balancing Agreement 
Termination Notice was validly delivered, provided that a Balancing Agreement 
Termination Notice may not be delivered on or after the fourth Business Day prior to 
the Final Redemption Valuation Date: 
(I) 
Failure to Pay or Deliver: failure by the party to make, when due, any delivery 
or payment required under the Balancing Agreement if such failure is not 
remedied on or before the 10th calendar day after notice of such failure is given 
to the party; 
(II) 
Breach of Agreement: failure by the party to comply with or perform any 
agreement or obligation (other than an obligation to make any delivery or 
payment under the Balancing Agreement) to be complied with or performed by 
the party in accordance with the Balancing Agreement if such failure is not 
remedied within 30 calendar days after notice of such failure is given to the 
party; 
(III) 
Misrepresentation: a representation made in the Balancing Agreement proves 
to have been incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made;  
(IV) 
Bankruptcy: the party (1) is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger); (2) in the case of the Programme Counterparty only, 
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing its 
inability generally to pay its debts as they become due; (3) makes a general 
assignment, arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors 
(in the case of the Programme Counterparty) or its Securityholders (in the case 
of the Issuer); (4)(A) institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, 
supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or 
regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or 
organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, a proceeding seeking 
a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy 
or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is 
presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or 
similar official, or (B) has instituted against it (other than, in the case of the 
Issuer, by the Programme Counterparty or any of its Affiliates) a proceeding 
seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any 
bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a 
petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or 
petition is instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in clause 
(A) above and either (X) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or 
the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or 
liquidation or (Y) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each 
case within 15 calendar days of the institution or presentation thereof; (5) has 
a resolution passed for its winding-up, official management or liquidation (other 
than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (6) seeks (in the 
case of the Programme Counterparty only) or (in the case of both the Issuer 
and the Programme Counterparty) becomes subject to the appointment of an 
administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets (other than, in 
respect of the Issuer, the appointment of a trustee, custodian or similar person 
for the purpose of an issue of notes or other securities by the Issuer); (7) has a 
secured party (other than, in the case of the Issuer, the Trustee) take 
possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, 
attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or 
against all or substantially all its assets (in the case of the Programme 
Counterparty) or the assets on which the liabilities of the Issuer under the 
relevant Balancing Agreement are secured pursuant to the Security Deed (in 
the case of the Issuer) and such secured party (other than, in the case of the 
Issuer, the Trustee) maintains possession, or any such process is not 
dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within 15 calendar 
days thereafter; (8) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, 
under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of 
the events specified in clauses (1) to (7) above (inclusive); or (9) takes any 
action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or 
acquiescence in, any of the foregoing acts; or 
(V) 
Metal Loss or Unauthorised Transfer: either (x) the Issuer has permitted or 
caused any Underlying Metal to be transferred out of a Secured Account other 
than a transfer made (1) in accordance with the Issuer’s obligations under the 
Balancing Agreement; (2) to an Authorised Participant in connection with the 
settlement of a Buy-Back Order; or (3) to the Metal Agent following an Early 
Redemption Valuation Date or Final Redemption Valuation Date in accordance 
with Condition 7(d) and the relevant Metal Agent Agreement; or (y) the Issuer’s 
holdings of Underlying Metal are reduced due to theft, loss, damage, 
destruction or misdelivery (unless such theft, loss, damage, destruction or 
misdelivery is the direct result of the negligence, fraud, bad faith or wilful 
misconduct of the Programme Counterparty acting in any capacity). The 
occurrence of such an event shall be a Balancing Agreement Event of Default 
with respect to the Issuer only. 
The party delivering a Balancing Agreement Termination Notice in relation to a 
Balancing Agreement Event of Default shall deliver a copy of such notice to each 
Transaction Party (other than the Authorised Participant(s) and the Lead Authorised 
Participant). 
The Issuer shall give notice thereof to the Securityholders in accordance with 
Condition 20 and to the Authorised Participant(s) and the Lead Authorised Participant. 
(B) 
Pursuant to the terms of the Balancing Agreement (to which the Issuer and the 
Programme Counterparty are the only parties), if one of the following events occurs 
and is then continuing with respect to a party (each a “Balancing Agreement 
Termination Event”), such party (or in respect of a Balancing Agreement Tax Event, 
either party) may deliver a Balancing Agreement Termination Notice to the other party 
and a Balancing Agreement Early Termination Date will occur on the fourth Business 
Day following the day on which such Balancing Agreement Termination Notice was 
validly delivered, provided that a Balancing Agreement Termination Notice may not be 
delivered on or after the fourth Business Day prior to the Final Redemption Valuation 
Date: 
(I) 
Illegality: due to an event or circumstance (other than any action taken by a 
party) occurring after the Series Issue Date, it becomes unlawful under any 
applicable law (including without limitation the laws of any country in which

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
delivery or compliance is required by either party), on any day, or it would be 
unlawful if the relevant delivery or compliance were required on that day (in 
each case, other than as a result of a breach by the party of the requirement 
under the Balancing Agreement for such party to maintain in full force and effect 
or obtain all consents of any governmental or other authority that are required 
to be obtained by it with respect to the Balancing Agreement) for a party to 
make a delivery required by the Balancing Agreement or to comply with any 
other material provision of the Balancing Agreement (a “Balancing Agreement 
Illegality”); 
(II) 
Tax Event: A party will, or there is a substantial likelihood that it will, on the next 
date on which a delivery is (1) due to it under the Balancing Agreement, receive 
a delivery from which an amount is required to be deducted or withheld for or 
on account of a Tax; or (2) due from or to it under the Balancing Agreement, be 
liable to account for VAT on such delivery (whether such VAT is recoverable or 
not) (a “Balancing Agreement Tax Event”); or 
(III) 
Market Disruption: With respect to the Programme Counterparty only, if 
(i) 10 consecutive Business Days are Disrupted Days or (ii) any event in 
connection with which the Programme Counterparty or any of its Affiliates is (or 
would be) (X) unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts to: (1) hold, 
acquire or dispose of Metal or (2) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of 
Metal; or (Y) required pursuant to a ruling, direction or other instruction of (1) 
any applicable government, governmental or regulatory body or other relevant 
institution (including, without limitation, the Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission, any Commodity Regulatory Body or any Relevant Association) or 
(2) the board or internal management of the Programme Counterparty or any 
relevant Affiliate to cease holding, acquiring or disposing of Metal. 
The party delivering a Balancing Agreement Termination Notice in relation to a 
Balancing Agreement Termination Event shall deliver a copy of such notice to each 
Transaction Party (other than the Authorised Participant(s) and the Lead Authorised 
Participant). 
The Issuer shall give notice thereof to the Securityholders in accordance with 
Condition 20 and to the Authorised Participant(s) and the Lead Authorised Participant. 
(C) 
Pursuant to the terms of the Balancing Agreement, provided that no Balancing 
Agreement Event of Default with respect to the Programme Counterparty has occurred 
and is continuing and provided that no notice of termination of the relevant Balancing 
Agreement has already been given in respect of a Balancing Agreement Event of 
Default or a Balancing Agreement Termination Event, the Programme Counterparty 
may opt to terminate the Balancing Agreement by delivering a notice to the Issuer 
stating that it is electing to terminate the Balancing Agreement and specifying the 
Balancing Agreement Early Termination Date (a “Balancing Agreement Optional 
Termination Notice”). The date designated as the Balancing Agreement Early 
Termination Date must be on or later than the 60th calendar day after the date of the 
relevant Balancing Agreement Optional Termination Notice but not later than the Final 
Redemption Valuation Date (and if the date specified as the Balancing Agreement 
Early Termination Date is not a Business Day then the Balancing Agreement Early 
Termination Date shall be the next day that is a Business Day). 
If the Programme Counterparty opts to deliver a Balancing Agreement Optional 
Termination Notice, the Programme Counterparty shall deliver a copy of such notice

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
to each Transaction Party (other than the Authorised Participant(s) and the Lead 
Authorised Participant). 
The Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable upon receipt of any such 
Balancing Agreement Optional Termination Notice, give notice thereof and of the 
scheduled Balancing Agreement Early Termination Date to the Securityholders in 
accordance with Condition 20 and to the Authorised Participant(s) and the Lead 
Authorised Participant. 
(iii) 
any of the Determination Agent, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Secured Account 
Custodian, the Subscription Account Custodian, [If Uncertificated Registered Securities, text 
will apply or be inserted – the Registrar,] the Lead Authorised Participant and/or all of the 
Authorised Participants in relation to the ETC Securities resign or their appointment in relation 
to this Series of ETC Securities is terminated for any reason and no successor or 
replacement has been appointed within 60 calendar days of the date of notice of resignation 
or termination or the date the appointment was automatically terminated in accordance with 
the Determination Agent Agreement, the Agency Agreement, the Custody Agreement for 
Secured Accounts or the Custody Agreement for the Subscription Account as applicable, and 
the Issuer gives notice (an “Agent Redemption Event Notice”) to the Transaction Parties 
and the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 19. For the purposes of Condition 9(b), 
an Early Redemption Event in the form of an “Agent Redemption Event” will occur on the 
fourth Business Day following the date of the Agent Redemption Event Notice. An Agent 
Redemption Event Notice may not be delivered on or after the fourth Business Day prior to 
the Final Redemption Valuation Date; 
(iv) 
if the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security or the Value per ETC Security in respect of the ETC 
Securities has not been published by or on behalf of the Issuer for 14 consecutive Scheduled 
Valuation Days (a “Publication Failure Event”) and the Trustee is notified in writing of such 
Publication Failure Event and directed in writing by holders of at least one-fifth in number of 
the ETC Securities then outstanding (a “Securityholder Notice and Direction”) to give a 
notice under this Condition 9(d)(iv) to the Issuer, the Trustee shall, provided that the Trustee 
has been pre-funded and/or secured and/or indemnified to its satisfaction, give such notice 
(a “Publication Event Redemption Notice”) to the Issuer, copied to each of the Transaction 
Parties. Any such notice and direction given to the Trustee pursuant to this Condition 9(d)(iv) 
by Securityholders must be substantially in the form set out in the Agency Agreement which 
is available from the Issuing and Paying Agent, any Paying Agent and/or the Trustee. For the 
purposes of Condition 9(b), an Early Redemption Event in the form of a “Publication 
Redemption Event” will occur on the fourth Business Day following the date of the 
Publication Event Redemption Notice. A Publication Event Redemption Notice may not be 
delivered on or after the fourth Business Day prior to the Final Redemption Valuation Date. 
The Trustee shall not be responsible for or liable to the Issuer, any Securityholder or any 
Transaction Party for investigating, verifying, determining or monitoring whether a Publication 
Failure Event has occurred or exists and, unless and until the Trustee receives a 
Securityholder Notice and Direction, the Trustee shall be entitled to assume that no such 
event has occurred. The Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable after receipt of a 
Publication Event Redemption Notice, give notice thereof to the Securityholders in 
accordance with Condition 20, specifying in such notice the scheduled Early Redemption 
Valuation Date; 
(v) 
if the Value per ETC Security on two consecutive Scheduled Valuation Days is less than or 
equal to 20 per cent. of the Issue Price per ETC Security as at the Series Issue Date (the 
“Value per ETC Security Threshold Level”), the Determination Agent shall give notice (a 
“Value per ETC Security Threshold Level Notice”) to the Issuer, copied to each of the

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
Transaction Parties. For the purposes of Condition 9(b), an Early Redemption Event in the 
form of a “Value per ETC Security Threshold Redemption Event” will occur on the fourth 
Business Day following the date of the Value per ETC Security Threshold Level Notice. A 
Value per ETC Security Threshold Redemption Notice may not be delivered on or after the 
fourth Business Day prior to the Final Redemption Valuation Date. The Issuer shall, as soon 
as reasonably practicable after receipt of a Value per ETC Security Threshold Level Notice, 
give notice thereof to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 20, specifying in such 
notice the scheduled Early Redemption Valuation Date; 
(vi) 
an Issuer Call Redemption Event occurs pursuant to Condition 9(c);  
(vii) 
if the Issuer will, or there is a substantial likelihood that it will, on the next date on which a 
delivery of Metal is due in respect of a Subscription Order or Buy-Back Order, be required to 
make a payment in respect of VAT or be required to account for VAT on such delivery of 
Metal from or to an Authorised Participant (whether or not such VAT is recoverable); the 
Issuer may give the Trustee, the Secured Account Custodian, the Subscription Account 
Custodian, the Determination Agent, the Lead Authorised Participant, the Authorised 
Participants, the Issuing and Paying Agent, [If Uncertificated Registered Securities, text will 
apply or be inserted – the Registrar,] the Programme Counterparty, the Metal Agent and the 
Securityholders in accordance with Condition 20 notice that all the ETC Securities of this 
Series are to be redeemed (a “VAT Redemption Event Notice”) and an Early Redemption 
Event in the form of a “VAT Redemption Event” will occur on the fourth Business Day 
following the date of the VAT Redemption Event Notice, provided that such VAT Redemption 
Event Notice may not be delivered on or after the fourth Business Day prior to the Final 
Redemption Valuation Date; 
(viii) 
if a Securityholder requests a firm bid price from one or more Authorised Participants for its 
ETC Securities on each of five consecutive Scheduled Valuation Days and no Authorised 
Participant provides the Securityholder with a firm bid price for such ETC Securities (a “Bid 
Price Request Event”), the Securityholder may deliver a notice in writing to the Issuer, each 
Authorised Participant and the Lead Authorised Participant notifying them of the occurrence 
of such Bid Price Request Event (a “Bid Price Request Notice”). If the Securityholder 
delivers a Bid Price Request Notice to such persons and none of the Lead Authorised 
Participant or any of the Authorised Participants provides a firm bid price to the relevant 
Securityholder on any of the 20 consecutive Scheduled Valuation Days from (and including) 
the date of the relevant Bid Price Request Notice (such 20th Scheduled Valuation Day, the 
“Bid Price Request Period End Date”), an “AP Bid Price Event” shall be deemed to have 
occurred on such Bid Price Request Period End Date and such Securityholder may give 
notice thereof to the Issuer and the Lead Authorised Participant. Upon receipt of any such 
notice by the Issuer, and provided that any such notice is accompanied by evidence to the 
satisfaction of the Issuer that an AP Bid Price Event has so occurred, the Issuer shall, once 
satisfied of the occurrence of such AP Bid Price Event (for which purposes the Issuer may 
consult with the Lead Authorised Participant and the Authorised Participants), give notice to 
the Transaction Parties and the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 20 that the 
ETC Securities are to be redeemed prior to their Scheduled Maturity Date (an “AP 
Redemption Event Notice”) and, for the purposes of Condition 9(b), an Early Redemption 
Event in the form of an “AP Redemption Event” will occur on the fourth Business Day 
following the date of such AP Redemption Event Notice. An AP Redemption Event Notice 
may not be delivered on or after the fourth Business Day prior to the Final Redemption 
Valuation Date;  
(ix) 
if a Balancing Agreement Event of Default with respect to the Programme Counterparty 
occurs and is continuing, and the Trustee is notified in writing of such Balancing Agreement

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
Event of Default and directed in writing by holders of at least one-fifth in number of the ETC 
Securities then outstanding to give a notice under this Condition 9(d)(ix), the Trustee shall, 
provided that the Trustee has been pre-funded and/or secured and/or indemnified to its 
satisfaction, give such notice (a “Programme Counterparty Default Redemption Notice”) 
to the Issuer and each of the Transaction Parties. For the purposes of Condition 9(b) an Early 
Redemption Event in the form of an “ETC Securities Balancing Agreement Redemption 
Event” will occur on the fourth Business Day following the date of the Programme 
Counterparty Default Redemption Notice. A Programme Counterparty Default Redemption 
Notice may not be delivered on or after the fourth Business Day prior to the Final Redemption 
Valuation Date. Any direction given to the Trustee pursuant to this Condition 9(d)(ix) by 
Securityholders must be substantially in the form set out in the Agency Agreement which is 
available from the Issuing and Paying Agent, any Paying Agent and the Trustee. The Trustee 
shall not be responsible for or liable to the Issuer, any Securityholder or any Transaction 
Party for investigating, verifying, determining or monitoring whether a Balancing Agreement 
Event of Default with respect to the Programme Counterparty has occurred or exists and, 
unless and until the Trustee receives notice from the requisite number of Securityholders and 
is directed in each case as aforementioned, the Trustee shall be entitled to assume that no 
such event has occurred. The Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable after receipt of 
a Programme Counterparty Default Redemption Notice, give notice thereof to the 
Securityholders in accordance with Condition 20, specifying in such notice the scheduled 
Early Redemption Valuation Date; or 
(x) 
if the Issuer becomes entitled to serve a VAT Redemption Event Notice or a termination 
notice under the Balancing Agreement following a Balancing Agreement Tax Event or a 
Balancing Agreement Illegality, and the Trustee is notified in writing of such entitlement and 
directed in writing by holders of at least one-fifth in number of the ETC Securities then 
outstanding to give a notice under this Condition 9(d)(x), the Trustee shall, provided that the 
Trustee has been pre-funded and/or secured and/or indemnified to its satisfaction, give such 
notice (a “Termination Event Redemption Notice”) to the Issuer and each of the 
Transaction Parties. For the purposes of Condition 9(b), an Early Redemption Event in the 
form of a “Termination Event Redemption Event” will occur on the fourth Business Day 
following the date of the Termination Event Redemption Notice. A Termination Event 
Redemption Notice may not be delivered on or after the fourth Business Day prior to the Final 
Redemption Valuation Date. Any direction given to the Trustee pursuant to this Condition 
9(d)(x) by Securityholders must be substantially in the form set out in the Agency Agreement 
which is available from the Issuing and Paying Agent, any Paying Agent and the Trustee. 
The Trustee shall not be responsible for or liable to the Issuer, any Securityholder or any 
Transaction Party for investigating, verifying, determining or monitoring whether a Balancing 
Agreement Tax Event or Balancing Agreement Illegality has occurred or exists and, unless 
and until the Trustee receives notice from Securityholders and is directed in each case as 
aforementioned, the Trustee shall be entitled to assume that no such event has occurred. 
The Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable after receipt of a Termination Event 
Redemption Notice, give notice thereof to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 
20, specifying in such notice the scheduled Early Redemption Valuation Date. 
(e) 
Purchases 
The Issuer may (without the consent of the Trustee or any Securityholder), from time to time, buy 
back all or some of the ETC Securities. Only an Authorised Participant may request that the Issuer 
buy back ETC Securities by delivering a valid Buy-Back Order subject to and in accordance with 
the terms of the Authorised Participant Agreement. The Issuer will only accept a Buy-Back Order 
and buy back ETC Securities if a valid Buy-Back Order is given by an Authorised Participant and all 
conditions precedent to a purchase of the ETC Securities are satisfied.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
In accordance with the terms of the Authorised Participant Agreement the Issuer will not be obliged 
to accept any Buy-Back Order and/or buy back ETC Securities if (i) an Early Redemption Event has 
occurred and/or (ii) a Determination Agent Bankruptcy Event Notice has been delivered (until such 
time as a replacement Determination Agent is appointed in accordance with the Determination 
Agent Agreement or the Programme Counterparty is making the requisite determinations and 
calculations in place of the Determination Agent pursuant to Condition 13(d) and the relevant 
Determination Agent Agreement) and/or (iii) a Balancing Agreement Termination Notice, Agent 
Redemption Event Notice, VAT Redemption Event Notice, Publication Event Redemption Notice, 
Value per ETC Security Threshold Level Notice, AP Redemption Event Notice, Programme 
Counterparty Default Redemption Notice or Termination Event Redemption Notice has been 
delivered. If an Issuer Call Redemption Notice, Issuer Redemption Notice or a Balancing Agreement 
Optional Termination Notice is delivered, the last day on which the Issuer is required to accept a 
valid Buy-Back Order shall be the fourth Business Day preceding the related Early Redemption 
Valuation Date or Balancing Agreement Early Termination Date (as applicable). 
ETC Securities purchased by the Issuer from an Authorised Participant will be purchased on such 
terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the Authorised Participant on a delivery free of 
payment basis. All ETC Securities purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be cancelled. Any 
ETC Securities so cancelled may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in 
respect of any such ETC Securities shall be discharged. In accordance with the Security Deed, the 
Trustee will and will be deemed to release without the need for any notice or other formalities from 
such Security the relevant portion of the Secured Property relating to the ETC Securities so 
purchased and cancelled. 
[If Bearer Securities, text will apply or be inserted – All ETC Securities purchased by or on behalf of 
the Issuer shall be surrendered for cancellation by surrendering each such ETC Security to or to the 
order of the Issuing and Paying Agent and shall, together with all ETC Securities redeemed by the 
Issuer, be cancelled forthwith. If, on a scheduled Buy-Back Settlement Date, the ETC Securities 
purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer have not been surrendered for cancellation, the relevant 
Authorised Participant shall have a period of 5 Business Days from (but excluding) the scheduled 
Buy-Back Settlement Date to surrender such ETC Securities. If the ETC Securities have not been 
surrendered within such period, the Issuing and Paying Agent shall use its best efforts to cancel 
such Buy-Back Order. Until the earlier of the surrender of the ETC Securities and the cancellation 
of the Buy-Back Order, any Underlying Metal which, in accordance with the Custody Agreement for 
Secured Accounts, has been transferred from the Secured Allocated Account to the Secured 
Unallocated Account in anticipation of the settlement of the Buy-Back Order shall remain in the 
Secured Unallocated Account in unallocated form.] 
[If Bearer Securities in CGN form, text will apply or be inserted – Cancellation of any ETC Security 
represented by a Global Security that is required by these Conditions to be cancelled (other than 
upon its redemption) will be effected by a reduction in the number of ETC Securities represented by 
the Global Security representing such ETC Security on its presentation to or to the order of the 
Issuing and Paying Agent for endorsement, whereupon the number of ETC Securities represented 
by such Global Security will be reduced for all purposes by the number of ETC Securities so 
cancelled and endorsed.][If Bearer Securities in NGN form, text will apply or be inserted – On 
cancellation of any ETC Security represented by a Global Security that is required by these 
Conditions to be cancelled (other than upon its redemption), the Issuer will procure that details of 
such cancellation will be entered pro rata in the records of the Relevant Clearing System and, upon 
any such entry being made, the number of ETC Securities recorded in the records of the Relevant 
Clearing System and by the Global Security will be reduced by the aggregate number of the ETC 
Securities so cancelled.]

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
Any Buy-Back Order in respect of which the Buy-Back Settlement Date occurs after an Early 
Redemption Valuation Date or Final Redemption Valuation Date shall automatically be cancelled 
with effect from the Early Redemption Valuation Date or the Final Redemption Valuation Date, as 
applicable (for the avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding the acceptance of such Buy-Back Order 
prior to such date) and any ETC Securities which have been surrendered for cancellation in respect 
of any such Buy-Back Order shall be returned to the relevant Authorised Participant. 
10 Disruption Events and Postponement 
(a) 
Disruption Events 
The Determination Agent (in relation to Price Source Disruptions only) shall and the Programme 
Counterparty (in relation to Disruption Events other than Price Source Disruptions) may (but is not 
obliged to), with respect to any Business Day, determine that one or more Metal Disruption Events 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – or FX Disruption Events] has occurred 
or exists (each such event a “Disruption Event”). 
For these purposes: 
“Metal Disruption Event” means the occurrence or existence of any of the following events: 
(i) 
the Metal Reference Price Source fails to calculate and announce the Metal Reference Price 
on the relevant Business Day (a “Metal Reference Price Source Disruption”); 
(ii) 
trading in the Metal is subject to a material suspension or material limitation on the over-the-
counter market of the Relevant Association or the primary exchange or trading facility for 
trading of such Metal or such market, exchange or trading facility is not open for trading for 
any reason (including a scheduled closure);  
(iii) 
the permanent discontinuation of trading in the Metal on the over-the-counter market of the 
Relevant Association or the primary exchange or trading facility for trading of such Metal; the 
disappearance of trading in the Metal; or the disappearance or permanent discontinuance or 
unavailability of the Metal Reference Price, notwithstanding the availability of the publication 
(or such other origin of reference, including an exchange or reference dealers) containing (or 
reporting) the relevant Metal Reference Price (or prices from which the relevant Metal 
Reference Price is calculated) as determined by the Programme Counterparty; or 
(iv) 
any event in connection with which the Issuer, the Programme Counterparty or any of its 
Affiliates is (or would be) unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts to hold, acquire 
or dispose of Metal. 
[If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “FX Disruption Event” means the 
occurrence or existence of any of the following events: 
(i) 
the FX Forward Reference Level Source fails to calculate and announce the FX Forward 
Reference Level or the FX Spot Reference Level Source fails to calculate and announce the 
FX Spot Reference Level on the relevant Business Day (a “FX Level Source Disruption”); 
or 
(ii) 
trading in foreign exchange contracts between the Specified Currency and the Metal 
Currency is subject to a material suspension, limitation, illiquidity or disruption; it becomes 
impossible or impracticable to convert the Specified Currency into the Metal Currency or vice 
versa; or any event in connection with which the Programme Counterparty or any of its 
Affiliates is (or would be) unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts to hold, acquire 
or dispose of foreign exchange forward contracts between the Metal Currency and the 
Specified Currency or vice versa.]

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
(b) 
Disruption Event and Determination of Disrupted Days  
(i) 
If the Determination Agent determines that a Price Source Disruption has occurred or exists 
with respect to any Business Day, the Determination Agent shall give notice of its 
determination to the Issuer (copied to each Transaction Party (other than the Authorised 
Participant(s) and the Lead Authorised Participant)) no later than 11:00 London time on the 
immediately following Business Day, specifying the Price Source Disruption which has 
occurred or is existing on the relevant Business Day (such notice a “Disruption Event 
Notice”). The Determination Agent is not under any obligation to monitor whether or not a 
Disruption Event other than a Price Source Disruption has occurred or is continuing with 
respect to any Business Day and shall have no liability to the Issuer, any Securityholder or 
any other person for any determination or non-determination that it makes under the 
Determination Agent Agreement.  
(ii) 
If the Programme Counterparty determines that a Disruption Event other than a Price Source 
Disruption has occurred or exists with respect to any Business Day, the Programme 
Counterparty may (but is not obliged to) give notice of its determination to the Issuer (copied 
to each Transaction Party (other than the Authorised Participant(s) and the Lead Authorised 
Participant)) no later than 11:00 London time on the immediately following Business Day, 
specifying the Disruption Event or Disruption Events which have occurred or are existing on 
such Business Day (such notice a “Disruption Event Notice”). The Programme 
Counterparty is not under any obligation to monitor whether or not a Disruption Event has 
occurred or is continuing with respect to any Business Day and shall have no liability to the 
Issuer, any Securityholder or any other person for any determination or non-determination 
that it makes under the Balancing Agreement.  
(iii) 
The Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable after receipt by it of a Disruption Event 
Notice, give notice thereof to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 20 and to the 
Authorised Participant(s) and the Lead Authorised Participant. 
(c) 
Postponement of Final Redemption Valuation Date or Early Redemption Valuation Date 
and Payment of Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount 
(i) 
If the Final Redemption Valuation Date or Early Redemption Valuation Date, as applicable, 
is a Disrupted Day, then the Final Redemption Valuation Date or Early Redemption Valuation 
Date (as applicable) shall be deemed to have been postponed until the first following 
Scheduled Valuation Day; provided that if no such Scheduled Valuation Day has occurred 
on or before the 10th Business Day following the Final Redemption Valuation Date or Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, as the case may be, then that 10th Business Day shall be 
deemed to be the Final Redemption Valuation Date or Early Redemption Valuation Date, as 
the case may be, and the Programme Counterparty will determine the Metal Entitlement per 
ETC Security in respect of such Final Redemption Valuation Date or Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, as the case may be, by applying the relevant formula for the determination 
thereof but using such estimates of any component for which a value is not available as it 
deems fit and making such adjustments as it, in good faith and a commercially reasonable 
manner, deems necessary to take into account the economic effect of the Disrupted Days on 
and since the scheduled Early Redemption Valuation Date or scheduled Final Redemption 
Valuation Date, as the case may be. If the Programme Counterparty has not notified such 
Metal Entitlement per ETC Security to the Issuer and the Determination Agent by no later 
than 11:00 London time on the Business Day following such postponed Early Redemption 
Valuation Date or Final Redemption Valuation Date, as the case may be, then the Metal 
Entitlement per ETC Security for the Early Redemption Valuation Date or Final Redemption

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
Valuation Date, as the case may be, shall be deemed to be the last determined Metal 
Entitlement per ETC Security. 
(ii) 
The Issuer shall publish the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security for the Final Redemption 
Valuation Date or the Early Redemption Valuation Date (as applicable) determined in 
accordance with Condition 10(c)(i) by no later than 16:00 London time on the Business Day 
immediately following the date on which such Metal Entitlement per ETC Security is 
determined on the website maintained on behalf of the Issuer at www.etc.db.com (or such 
other website as may be notified to Securityholders in accordance with Condition 20 from 
time to time). 
(iii) 
If any day in the period from (and including) the Final Redemption Valuation Date or Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, as the case may be, to (and including) the fourth Business Day 
prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date (in the case of the Final Redemption Valuation Date) or 
the Scheduled Early Redemption Date (in the case of the Early Redemption Valuation Date) 
is a Disrupted Day (each, a “Relevant Disrupted Day”), then the Programme Counterparty 
may, by notice (a “Maturity Postponement Notice”) to the Determination Agent on such 
fourth Business Day prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date or Scheduled Early Redemption 
Date, as the case may be, postpone the Scheduled Maturity Date or Early Redemption Date 
by the number of days specified in such Maturity Postponement Notice, which number of 
days may not exceed the total number of Relevant Disrupted Days. In such case the Final 
Redemption Disposal Period or Early Redemption Disposal Period, as the case may be, shall 
be deemed extended by the same number of days as the Scheduled Maturity Date or Early 
Redemption Date have been postponed by. 
(iv) 
The Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable following receipt of a Maturity 
Postponement Notice, notify Securityholders of such postponement in accordance with 
Condition 20. No additional amount shall be payable to Securityholders in connection with 
any postponement of the payment of the Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption 
Amount, as applicable.  
(d) 
Postponement of Subscriptions and Buy-Backs 
If a Subscription Trade Date or a Buy-Back Trade Date is a Disrupted Day, then the Subscription 
Trade Date or Buy-Back Trade Date shall be deemed to be postponed until the first following 
Scheduled Valuation Day and settlement of the related subscription or buy-back, as applicable, shall 
be postponed accordingly, provided that if such Scheduled Valuation Day does not occur by the 
earlier of (i) the 10th Business Day following the Business Day in respect of which the relevant 
Subscription Order or Buy-Back Order was delivered and (ii) the fourth Business Day prior to the 
Early Redemption Valuation Date or Final Redemption Valuation Date, the relevant Subscription 
Order to Buy-Back Order shall automatically be deemed to have been cancelled. No additional 
amount shall be payable to any Authorised Participant (or any Securityholder acquiring ETC 
Securities from, or selling ETC Securities to, an Authorised Participant) in connection with the 
postponement of the Subscription Trade Date or Buy-Back Trade Date, as applicable. 
(e) 
Modification of Calculation and Publication of Value per ETC Security and Metal 
Entitlement per ETC Security 
[If ETC Securities are not FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – In respect of 
each Disrupted Day, in accordance with Condition 6, no Metal Entitlement per ETC Security or 
Value per ETC Security will be determined or published on such Disrupted Day.] 
[If ETC Securities are FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – 
In respect of each Disrupted Day:

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
(i) 
in accordance with Condition 6, no Metal Entitlement per ETC Security or Value per ETC 
Security will be determined or published on such Disrupted Day; and 
(ii) 
if the Disruption Event Notice relating to such Disrupted Day specifies only Metal Disruption 
Events (and no FX Disruption Events) (such Disrupted Day, a “Metal Disrupted Day”), the 
Determination Agent will determine the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security in respect of the 
first Scheduled Valuation Day following such Metal Disrupted Day in accordance with 
Condition 6(b), except that the FX Percentage shall be deemed to be the Disrupted FX 
Percentage, calculated by the Determination Agent as follows: 
(A) 
the Determination Agent shall identify each Metal Disrupted Day in respect of which it 
has received a Disruption Event Notice or, in the case of a Price Source Disruption, it 
has issued a Disruption Event Notice pursuant to Condition 10(b)(i) falling prior to the 
relevant Scheduled Valuation Day, but after the immediately prior Scheduled 
Valuation Day (each such Metal Disrupted Day, a “Relevant Metal Disrupted Day”); 
(B) 
in respect of (I) each Relevant Metal Disrupted Day and (II) the relevant Scheduled 
Valuation Day, the Determination Agent shall calculate an amount (a “Disrupted Daily 
FX Percentage”), being equal to: 
(I) 
the FX Forward Reference Level in respect of the immediately prior Relevant 
Metal Disrupted Day (or, in the case of the first Relevant Metal Disrupted Day, 
the immediately prior Scheduled Valuation Day); divided by 
(II) 
the FX Spot Reference Level in respect of such day; and 
(C) 
the “Disrupted FX Percentage” shall be an amount equal to: 
(I) 
the result of the multiplication of all Disrupted Daily FX Percentages relating to 
the relevant Scheduled Valuation Day; minus  
(II) 
one. 
For illustration purposes only, a formulaic expression of the determination of the Metal Entitlement 
per ETC Security on the first Scheduled Valuation Day following such Metal Disrupted Day is set 
out below: 
 
Where:  
“t” means the relevant Scheduled Valuation Day; 
“Et” means Metal Entitlement per ETC Security in respect of the relevant Scheduled Valuation Day; 
“Et-1” means Metal Entitlement per ETC Security in respect of the Scheduled Valuation Day 
immediately preceding the relevant Scheduled Valuation Day; 
“Mt” means the Metal Reference Price on the relevant Scheduled Valuation Day;  
“Mt-1” means the Metal Reference Price in respect of the Scheduled Valuation Day immediately 
preceding the relevant Scheduled Valuation Day;  
“k” is a series of whole numbers from one to T, each representing the relevant Reference Calculation 
Days in chronological order during the Reference Period; 
))
(
1(
1
)
,1
(
1
1
1
1
t
YF
PFP
M
M
S
k
k
F
E
E
t
t
T
k
k
t
t




























--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
“Reference Period” means the period from (but excluding) the Scheduled Valuation Day 
immediately preceding the Scheduled Valuation Day in respect of which Et is being calculated to 
(and including) the Scheduled Valuation Day in respect of which Et is being calculated; 
“T” means the number of Reference Calculation Days in the relevant Reference Period. 
“Reference Calculation Day” means any day which is either a Metal Disrupted Day or the 
Scheduled Valuation Day in respect of which Et is being calculated; 
“F(k-1,k)” means an amount equal to the FX Forward Reference Level in respect of the Reference 
Calculation Day immediately preceding the relevant Reference Calculation Day; 
“Sk” means an amount equal to the FX Spot Reference Level in respect of the relevant Reference 
Calculation Day; 
“PFP” means the Product Fee Percentage; and 
“YF(t)” means an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the number of calendar days from (and including) the immediately preceding Scheduled 
Valuation Day to (but excluding) the relevant Scheduled Valuation Day; divided by 
(ii) 
360.] 
11 Successor Price Source 
If on any Scheduled Valuation Day the Programme Counterparty determines that the Relevant Price has 
not been calculated and announced by the Price Source but has been calculated and announced by a 
successor price source acceptable to the Programme Counterparty, then the Programme Counterparty will 
notify the Issuer of such determination (each such notice will be copied to each Transaction Party (other 
than the Authorised Participant(s) and the Lead Authorised Participant)) and, with effect from the first 
Scheduled Valuation Day following date of such notice, such successor price source (the “Successor 
Price Source”) shall be deemed to be the Price Source for the purposes of the ETC Securities and the 
Balancing Agreement. The Issuer shall notify the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 20 and the 
Authorised Participant(s) and the Lead Authorised Participant as soon as reasonably practicable after 
receipt of any such notice from the Programme Counterparty of the replacement of the Price Source with 
a Successor Price Source. 
For these purposes: 
“Relevant Price” means [If not FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – the Metal 
Reference Price.] [If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – the Metal Reference Price, 
the FX Spot Reference Level or the FX Forward Reference Level (as applicable).] 
12 Balancing Agreement 
(a) 
Balancing Agreement 
In connection with the issue of the ETC Securities, the Issuer will on the Series Issue Date enter 
into the Balancing Agreement with the Programme Counterparty. The Balancing Agreement will 
provide for the balancing, following periodic Observation Dates, of the quantity of Underlying Metal 
held by the Issuer in respect of the Series of ETC Securities with the aggregate Metal Entitlement 
per ETC Security in respect of all outstanding ETC Securities of such Series.  
Pursuant to the Balancing Agreement, the Issuer may transfer (or receive) Underlying Metal in 
unallocated form to (or from) the Programme Counterparty in an amount equal to the difference 
between the quantity of Underlying Metal held by the Issuer (as adjusted to take into account

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
reductions in the quantity of such Underlying Metal due to unauthorised transfers or loss, theft and 
similar events) in respect of the Series of ETC Securities and the aggregate Metal Entitlement per 
ETC Security in respect of all outstanding ETC Securities of such Series as at an Observation Date 
under the Balancing Agreement. Such difference may be caused by the deduction of the Product 
Fee in the calculation of the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security since the previous Observation 
Date. [If FX Hedged ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – Additionally, such difference 
may be caused by the effect of the FX Factor in the calculation of the Metal Entitlement per ETC 
Security, which relates to movements in foreign exchange rates between the Specified Currency 
and the Metal Currency.] 
(b) 
Transfer of Balancing Agreement  
At any time prior to the occurrence of a Balancing Agreement Event of Default or a Balancing 
Agreement Termination Event with respect to the Programme Counterparty, the Programme 
Counterparty may transfer the Balancing Agreement to a single Eligible Counterparty, provided that 
(i) the Programme Counterparty and such Eligible Counterparty provide such authorisations, 
consents, legal opinions and/or such other documents as the Issuer may reasonably require, (ii) 
following such transfer the Balancing Agreement will be subject to the Security on the same terms 
mutatis mutandis as prior to such transfer and shall form part of the Secured Property, as applicable 
and (iii) not less than 60 calendar days’ prior notice of any such transfer is given to Securityholders 
in accordance with Condition 20. The Security to the extent that it relates to the Balancing 
Agreement shall be released in connection with any such transfer. 
13 Payments, Calculations, Agents and Records 
(a) 
Payments Net of Taxes 
All payments in respect of the ETC Securities shall be made net of and after allowance for any 
withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any Taxes. In the event that any withholding or 
deduction for, or on account of, any Tax applies to payments in respect of the ETC Securities, the 
Securityholders will be subject to such Tax or deduction and shall not be entitled to receive amounts 
to compensate for any such Tax or deduction. No Event of Default shall occur as a result of any 
such withholding or deduction. 
(b) 
Payments 
[If Bearer Securities, text will apply or be inserted – 
(i) 
Payments of Principal in respect of Definitive Securities shall, subject to Condition 13(c), be 
made against presentation and surrender of the relevant ETC Securities at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent outside the United States, by a cheque payable in the relevant 
currency drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, by transfer to, an account denominated in 
such currency with a Bank. “Bank” means a bank in [If the ETC Securities are denominated 
in a currency other than euro, text will apply or be inserted – [principal financial centre for the 
relevant currency to be specified in Final Terms]][If the ETC Securities are denominated in 
euro, text will apply or be inserted – a city in which banks in general have access to the 
TARGET System.]] 
(ii) 
For as long as the ETC Securities are represented by a Global Security deposited with a 
Relevant Clearing System and held by the Relevant Clearing System or a common 
depository, common safekeeper or nominee, as applicable, on behalf of the Relevant 
Clearing System, the obligations of the Issuer under the Conditions to make payments in 
respect of the ETC Securities will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder 
of the Global Security, subject to and in accordance with the terms of such Global Security. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of the Relevant Clearing System as owning ETC

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
Securities represented by such Global Security must look solely to the Relevant Clearing 
System for his share of any payment made by the Issuer to or to the order of the holder of 
the Global Security. Payments made to any person shown in the records of the Relevant 
Clearing System as owning any ETC Security represented by the Global Security shall be 
subject to and made in accordance with the rules of the Relevant Clearing System.] 
[If Uncertificated Registered Securities, text will apply or be inserted – 
The Issuer or the Issuing and Paying Agent on behalf of the Issuer shall pay or cause to be paid all 
payments under the Conditions in respect of the ETC Securities to the relevant Securityholder’s 
cash memorandum account (as shown in the records of the Registrar at the close of business on, 
for so long as the Uncertificated Registered Securities are held in a Clearing System, the Clearing 
System Business Day immediately prior to the date for payment, where “Clearing System 
Business Day” means Monday to Friday inclusive except 25 December and 1 January) for value 
on the relevant payment date, such payment to be made subject to and in accordance with the rules 
and procedures of the Registrar and/or the Relevant Clearing System, as applicable. Each of the 
persons shown in the Register as owning ETC Securities must look solely to the settlement bank or 
institution at which its cash memorandum account is held for each such payment so made by or on 
behalf of the Issuer. 
If the Uncertificated Registered Securities are not held in a Clearing System, payments on each 
Uncertificated Registered Security shall be made in the relevant currency by cheque drawn on a 
Bank on the relevant payment date and mailed to the holder (or to the first named of joint holders) 
of such Uncertificated Registered Security at its address appearing in the Register at the close of 
business on the General Business Day in Jersey immediately prior to such relevant payment date. 
Upon application by the holder to the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent before 
the relevant date for payment subject to and in accordance with the rules and procedures of the 
Registrar, such payment may be made by transfer to an account in the relevant currency maintained 
by the payee with a Bank). “Bank” means a bank in [If the ETC Securities are denominated in a 
currency other than euro, text will apply or be inserted – [principal financial centre for the relevant 
currency to be specified in Final Terms]][If the ETC Securities are denominated in euro, text will 
apply or be inserted – a city in which banks in general have access to the TARGET System.]]] 
(c) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws 
All payments in respect of the ETC Securities are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or 
other laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment. No commission or expenses shall be 
charged to the Securityholders in respect of such payments. 
(d) 
Calculations and Determinations 
(i) 
The Determination Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date and/or at such time as 
the Determination Agent is required in accordance with the Determination Agent Agreement 
and the Conditions and any other Relevant Provisions, perform such duties and obligations 
as are required to be performed by it in accordance therewith. 
(ii) 
If (I) the appointment of the Determination Agent is terminated in connection with a 
Determination Agent Bankruptcy Event or (II) the Determination Agent resigns or its 
appointment is terminated and the Determination Agent fails to perform its duties and 
obligations under the Determination Agent Agreement in the period prior to the effective date 
of such resignation or termination, the Issuer shall as soon as reasonably practicable after 
becoming aware of the foregoing notify the Programme Counterparty thereof. As soon as 
reasonably practicable after receipt of such notice (taking into account the time required for 
the Programme Counterparty to put in place the relevant systems and procedures), the 
Programme Counterparty has agreed in the Determination Agent Agreement to act as agent

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
of the Issuer (or, if the Trustee so requests following the occurrence of an Event of Default 
or Potential Event of Default or after the Security has become enforceable, as agent for the 
Trustee) on a temporary basis, provided that no Balancing Agreement Event of Default or 
Balancing Agreement Termination Event has occurred or is continuing with respect to the 
Programme Counterparty, until such time as a replacement Determination Agent is appointed 
in accordance with the terms of the Determination Agent Agreement, and will make the 
determinations and calculations which the Determination Agent is required to make pursuant 
to the Determination Agent Agreement, the Conditions and the other Relevant Provisions, 
and the Conditions and any relevant Transaction Documents shall be construed accordingly. 
In doing so, the Programme Counterparty shall apply the provisions of the Determination 
Agent Agreement and the Conditions and the other Relevant Provisions, with any necessary 
consequential amendments, to the extent that, in its opinion, it can do so, and in all other 
respects it shall do so in such manner as it shall deem fair and reasonable in the 
circumstances.  
(iii) 
Under the Determination Agent Agreement, the Programme Counterparty has agreed to give 
notice of the occurrence of a Determination Agent Bankruptcy Event to the Issuer and each 
Transaction Party (other than the Authorised Participant(s) and the Lead Authorised 
Participant) as soon as reasonably practicable after it becomes aware of the occurrence of 
such event. The Issuer shall give notice of the occurrence of a Determination Agent 
Bankruptcy Event to each Transaction Party and to the Securityholders in accordance with 
Condition 20 as soon as reasonably practicable after it becomes aware of the occurrence of 
such event. Any notice of the occurrence of a Determination Agent Bankruptcy Event given 
by the Issuer or the Programme Counterparty shall constitute a “Determination Agent 
Bankruptcy Event Notice”. 
(iv) 
Under the Determination Agent Agreement, the Issuer has authorised the Programme 
Counterparty in its capacity as the Issuer’s agent to (A) vary the appointment of the 
Determination Agent on giving the Determination Agent at least 60 calendar days’ prior notice 
to that effect (or such shorter notice period as the Issuer, the Programme Counterparty and 
the Determination Agent may agree from time to time) provided that such variation is of an 
operational nature and which is, in the reasonable determination of the Programme 
Counterparty, necessary to enable the Determination Agent to properly perform its duties 
and obligations under the Relevant Provisions. Any variation in the appointment of the 
Determination Agent will not be effective unless the Determination Agent has consented to 
such variation; and (B) to terminate the appointment of the Determination Agent in 
accordance with the Determination Agent Agreement. 
(v) 
Without prejudice to Condition 13(d)(v)(D), the Programme Counterparty shall not be liable 
(whether directly or indirectly, in contract, in tort or otherwise) to the Issuer, any 
Securityholder, any other Transaction Party or any other person for any Loss incurred by any 
such person that arises out of or in connection with the performance by the Programme 
Counterparty of its obligations under the Determination Agent Agreement, the Conditions or 
any other Transaction Document to which it is a party, provided that nothing shall relieve the 
Programme Counterparty from any Loss arising by reason of acts or omissions constituting 
bad faith, fraud or gross negligence of the Programme Counterparty (any such act or 
omission, a “Programme Counterparty Breach”). 
(A) 
If the Programme Counterparty would, but for the operation of this Condition 
13(d)(v)(A), be held liable for any Loss arising as the result of a Programme 
Counterparty Breach, the Programme Counterparty shall nevertheless incur no liability 
to the Issuer, any Securityholder, any other Transaction Party or any other person if 
such Programme Counterparty Breach results from the Programme Counterparty

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
complying with any specific instruction or express direction from any director of the 
Issuer (whether received in electronic form or otherwise). 
(B) 
If the Programme Counterparty would, but for the operation of this Condition 
13(d)(v)(B), be held liable for any Loss arising as the result of a Programme 
Counterparty Breach, the Programme Counterparty shall nevertheless incur no liability 
to the Issuer, any Securityholder, any other Transaction Party or any other person if 
such Programme Counterparty Breach results solely and directly from either the failure 
by any other Transaction Party to provide any notice, instruction or direction which 
such Transaction Party is required or permitted to give under the Conditions or any 
relevant Transaction Document or a delay in the delivery by any other Transaction 
Party of any notice, instruction or direction which such Transaction Party is required 
or permitted to give to the Determination Agent and/or the Programme Counterparty 
under the Conditions or any relevant Transaction Document.  
(C) 
If the Programme Counterparty would, but for the operation of this Condition 
13(d)(v)(C), be held liable for any Loss arising as the result of a Programme 
Counterparty Breach, the Programme Counterparty shall nevertheless incur no liability 
to the Issuer, any Securityholder, any other Transaction Party or any other person if 
such Programme Counterparty Breach results solely and directly from the reliance by 
the Programme Counterparty upon a rate, amount, quotation, value, other calculation 
or determination or other information which is made or provided by another 
Transaction Party in accordance with the Conditions and the terms of any relevant 
Transaction Document and notified to the Programme Counterparty pursuant to the 
Conditions and the relevant Transaction Document. 
(D) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the relevant Determination Agent 
Agreement, these Conditions or any other Transaction Document, the Programme 
Counterparty shall not be liable to the Issuer, the Securityholders, any Transaction 
Party or any other person for any calculations, determinations (or any delay in making 
any calculation or determination), actions or omissions made by the Programme 
Counterparty in connection with the performance of the duties and obligations of the 
Determination Agent pursuant to Condition 13(d)(ii) unless fraudulent or made in bad 
faith. Without prejudice to anything in this Condition 13(d)(v), the Programme 
Counterparty shall have the benefit of the provisions of Condition 13(f) relating to the 
Determination Agent in respect of any calculations, determinations, actions or 
omissions made by the Programme Counterparty in connection with the performance 
by the Programme Counterparty of the duties and obligations of the Determination 
Agent pursuant to Condition 13(d)(ii). 
(vi) 
The determination by the Determination Agent or the Programme Counterparty, as 
applicable, of any amount, rate, value or of any state of affairs, circumstance, event or other 
matter, or the formation of any opinion or the exercise of any discretion required or permitted 
to be determined, formed or exercised by the Determination Agent under the Relevant 
Provisions in the case of the Determination Agent and under the Conditions, the 
Determination Agent Agreement and any other Transaction Documents to which it is a party 
in the case of the Programme Counterparty are required under the terms of the Determination 
Agent Agreement to be made in good faith and shall (in the absence of manifest error) be 
final and binding on the Issuer, the Securityholders and the Transaction Parties. 
(e) 
Determination or Calculation by Trustee 
If at any time after the Security has become enforceable pursuant to Condition 7(e) and (i) the 
Determination Agent does not make any determination or calculation relating to the Metal

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
Entitlement per ETC Security, Value per ETC Security, Final Metal Redemption Amount, Early Metal 
Redemption Amount, Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount when required 
pursuant to the Conditions and the Transaction Documents and (ii) the Programme Counterparty 
has not made any determination or calculation relating thereto or a Balancing Agreement Event of 
Default or Balancing Agreement Termination Event has occurred and is continuing with respect to 
the Programme Counterparty, then the Trustee may make any determination or calculation in place 
of the Determination Agent (or may appoint an agent on its behalf to do so) provided that the Trustee 
shall have been pre-funded and/or secured and/or indemnified to its satisfaction. Any such 
determination or calculation made by the Trustee shall for the purposes of the Conditions and the 
Transaction Documents be deemed to have been made by the Determination Agent. In doing so, 
the Trustee shall apply the provisions of the Conditions and/or the relevant Transaction 
Document(s), with any necessary consequential amendments, to the extent that, in its opinion, it 
can do so, and in all other respects it shall do so in such manner as it shall deem fair and reasonable 
in the circumstances. The Trustee shall not be liable to the Issuer, the Securityholders or any 
Transaction Party for any calculations and determinations (or any delay in making any calculation 
or determination) so made unless fraudulent or made in bad faith. 
(f) 
Determination Agent 
(i) 
Subject as provided in the Conditions and the Determination Agent Agreement, the Issuer 
shall use all reasonable efforts to procure that there shall at all times be a Determination 
Agent for so long as any of the ETC Securities of this Series are outstanding. If the 
Determination Agent resigns or its appointment is terminated for any reason, the Issuer shall 
use all reasonable efforts to appoint a reputable entity that provides administration services 
of a similar type to those required of the Determination Agent under the Relevant Provisions 
or a leading bank or investment banking firm (acting through its principal London office or 
any other office actively involved in such market) engaged in the interbank market (or, if 
appropriate, money, precious metals or foreign exchange market) that the Issuer reasonably 
determines is capable of making the calculation(s) and/or determination(s) required to be 
made by the Determination Agent under the Relevant Provisions to act as such in its place.  
(ii) 
The Determination Agent shall not be liable (whether directly or indirectly, in contract, in tort 
or otherwise) to the Issuer, any Securityholder, any other Transaction Party or any other 
person for any Loss incurred by any such person that arises out of or in connection with the 
performance by the Determination Agent of its obligations under the Determination Agent 
Agreement, the Conditions and the other Relevant Provisions provided that nothing shall 
relieve the Determination Agent from any Loss arising by reason of acts or omissions 
constituting bad faith, fraud or gross negligence of the Determination Agent (any such act or 
omission, a “Determination Agent Breach”). 
(A) 
If the Determination Agent would, but for the operation of this Condition 13(f)(ii)(A), be 
held liable for any Loss arising as the result of a Determination Agent Breach, the 
Determination Agent shall nevertheless incur no liability to the Issuer, any 
Securityholder, any other Transaction Party or any other person if such Determination 
Agent Breach results from the Determination Agent complying with any specific 
instruction or express direction from any director of the Issuer (whether received in 
electronic form or otherwise). 
(B) 
If the Determination Agent would, but for the operation of this Condition 13(f)(ii)(B), be 
held liable for any Loss arising as the result of a Determination Agent Breach, the 
Determination Agent shall nevertheless incur no liability to the Issuer, any 
Securityholder, any other Transaction Party or any other person if such Determination 
Agent Breach results solely and directly from either (i) the failure by any other 
Transaction Party to provide any notice, instruction or direction which such

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
Transaction Party is required or permitted to give under the Conditions or any relevant 
Transaction Document or (ii) a delay in the delivery by any other Transaction Party of 
any notice, instruction or direction which such Transaction Party is required or 
permitted to give to the Determination Agent under the Conditions or any relevant 
Transaction Document.  
(C) 
If the Determination Agent would, but for the operation of this Condition 13(f)(ii)(C), be 
held liable for any Loss arising as the result of a Determination Agent Breach, the 
Determination Agent shall nevertheless incur no liability to the Issuer, any 
Securityholder, any other Transaction Party or any other person if such Determination 
Agent Breach results solely and directly from the reliance by the Determination Agent 
upon a rate, amount, quotation, value, other calculation or determination or other 
information notified to the Determination Agent pursuant to the Conditions and/or any 
relevant Transaction Document which is made or provided by another Transaction 
Party in accordance with the Conditions and the terms of any relevant Transaction 
Document. 
(iii) 
The Determination Agent has no obligation towards or relationship of agency or trust with 
any Securityholder. 
(iv) 
The Determination Agent has no duties or responsibilities except those expressly set forth in 
the Conditions, the Determination Agent Agreement and the other Relevant Provisions and 
no implied or inferred duties or obligations of any kind will be read into the Determination 
Agent Agreement against or on the part of the Determination Agent. The Determination Agent 
will not, and will not be deemed to, assume or be liable for the obligations or duties of the 
Issuer or any other person under the Conditions, the Trust Deed or any other Transaction 
Document unless otherwise agreed pursuant to the Relevant Provisions. 
(v) 
The Determination Agent may consult, on any legal matter which it believes in good faith 
requires such consultation, any legal or other professional advisers reasonably selected by 
it, who may be employees of or advisers to the Issuer, and it will not be liable in respect of 
anything done, or omitted to be done, relating to that matter in good faith in accordance with 
the opinion of such adviser(s).  
(vi) 
The Determination Agent will not incur any liability to any person in acting upon any [If the 
ETC Securities are Bearer Securities the following text will apply or be inserted - ETC 
Security,] signature, or other document or information from any electronic or other source 
reasonably believed by it to be genuine and believed by it to have been signed or otherwise 
given or disseminated by the proper party or parties, in each case received by it in connection 
with the performance of its duties under the Determination Agent Agreement. 
(vii) 
The Determination Agent and the Programme Counterparty, respectively, whether or not 
acting for themselves, may acquire, hold or dispose of any ETC Security or other security (or 
any interest therein) of the Issuer or any other person, may enter into or be interested in any 
contract or transaction with any such person, and may act on, or as depositary, trustee or 
agent for, any committee or body of holders of securities of any such person, in each case 
with the same rights as it would have had if that Determination Agent or Programme 
Counterparty, as applicable, were not a Determination Agent or the Programme 
Counterparty, as applicable, under the Determination Agent Agreement and need not 
account for any profit. 
(viii) 
Save as otherwise provided in the Determination Agent Agreement and the other Relevant 
Provisions, the Determination Agent shall not be required to expend or risk its own funds or 
otherwise to incur any liability, financial or otherwise (other than such costs and expenditure 
contemplated by the Relevant Provisions and/or incurred in the ordinary performance of the

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
Determination Agent’s duties and obligations under the Determination Agent Agreement and 
any ordinary office expenses, remuneration of directors or employees or general operating 
costs of the Determination Agent (whether incurred in connection with the performance of its 
obligations under the Relevant Provisions or otherwise)) if it shall have reasonable grounds 
for believing that repayment of such funds or the provision of an indemnity satisfactory to it 
against such risk or liability is not assured to it.  
(ix) 
The Determination Agent is not bound to make any investigation into the facts or matters 
stated in any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, 
consent, entitlement order, approval or other paper or document received by it from the Issuer 
or any other Transaction Party. 
(x) 
To the extent that the Determination Agent requires clarification of its duties pursuant to the 
Relevant Provisions, the Determination Agent is entitled to seek instructions from, and to rely 
entirely and act on the instructions received from, the Issuer and, without prejudice to the 
standard of care, limitation of liability and indemnity provisions in the Determination Agent 
Agreement, the Determination Agent will not be responsible for any action it takes in 
accordance with such instructions. 
(xi) 
If the Issuer expressly instructs the Determination Agent to take any action not contemplated 
by the Relevant Provisions, the Determination Agent will, without prejudice to the standard 
of care, limitation of liability and indemnity provisions in the Determination Agent Agreement, 
not be responsible for any action it takes on behalf of the Issuer in accordance with such 
instructions. 
(xii) 
The Determination Agent will have no responsibility or liability for any Loss resulting from its 
being unable to perform any functions or obligations under the Determination Agent 
Agreement if the same results from any law, regulation or requirement (whether or not having 
the force of law) of any central bank or governmental or other regulatory authority affecting 
it. Nothing in the Determination Agent Agreement or in any other Transaction Document may 
require the Determination Agent to take any action or refrain from taking any action if the 
same would be contrary to any applicable law, regulation or requirement of any central bank 
or government or other regulatory authority affecting it. 
(xiii) 
The Determination Agent shall have no obligation to notify anyone of the execution of the 
relevant Issue Deed or any other Transaction Document or do anything to find out if an Event 
of Default, or a Potential Event of Default or an Early Redemption Event (or any event which 
with the passing of time or the giving of a notice would constitute an Early Redemption Event) 
has occurred in relation to the relevant Series of ETC Securities (other than as required 
pursuant to Condition 9(d)(v) with respect to a Value per ETC Security Threshold Redemption 
Event) or if the Security under the relevant Security Deed has become enforceable. Until the 
Determination Agent has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary, it may assume 
that no such event has occurred and that the Issuer and all other Transaction Parties are 
performing all their respective obligations under the ETC Securities of the relevant Series of 
ETC Securities and the other Transaction Documents. The Determination Agent shall not be 
responsible for monitoring or supervising the performance by any other person of its 
obligations to the Issuer and may assume these are being so performed unless and until it 
has actual knowledge to the contrary. The Determination Agent shall not be responsible for 
any errors made by the Issuer, the Trustee, the Programme Counterparty, the Metal Agent 
or any other Transaction Party or any agent thereof in giving instructions or for the 
negligence, default, fraud, bad faith, wilful default or other failure of any of them.

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
(g) 
Custodian 
If the Secured Account Custodian or the Subscription Account Custodian resigns or its appointment 
is terminated for any reason, the Issuer shall use all reasonable efforts to appoint an Eligible 
Custodian to act as the Secured Account Custodian or the Subscription Account Custodian (as 
applicable) in its place within 60 calendar days of the date of the notice of resignation or the notice 
of termination or the date the appointment was automatically terminated in accordance with the 
Custody Agreement for Secured Accounts or the Custody Agreement for the Subscription Account 
(as relevant). Neither the Secured Account Custodian nor the Subscription Account Custodian may 
resign its duties without a successor Eligible Custodian having been appointed as aforesaid. 
(h) 
Metal Agent 
If the Metal Agent resigns or its appointment is terminated for any reason, the Issuer shall use all 
reasonable efforts to appoint an Eligible Metal Agent to act as the Metal Agent in its place within 60 
calendar days of the date of the notice of resignation or the notice of termination or the date the 
appointment was automatically terminated in accordance with the Metal Agent Agreement. The 
Metal Agent may not resign its duties without a successor Eligible Metal Agent having been 
appointed as aforesaid. 
(i) 
Appointment of Agents 
Save as provided below, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer. The Agents do not assume 
any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any Securityholder. The Issuer reserves 
the right at any time with the prior written approval of the Trustee and in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant Agency Agreement, Metal Agent Agreement, Determination Agent 
Agreement, Custody Agreement for Secured Accounts and/or Custody Agreement for the 
Subscription Account, as applicable, to vary or terminate the appointment of the Issuing and Paying 
Agent, any other Paying Agent, [If Uncertificated Registered Securities, text will apply or be inserted 
– the Registrar, any Transfer Agent,] the Metal Agent, the Secured Account Custodian, the 
Subscription Account Custodian or the Determination Agent and to appoint additional or other 
Paying Agents [If Uncertificated Registered Securities, text will apply or be inserted – or Registrar 
or Transfer Agents]. Without prejudice to the provisions for the automatic termination of the 
appointment of an Agent in connection with the occurrence of an insolvency or similar event or 
proceedings in the relevant Transaction Documents, the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to 
at all times maintain (i) an Issuing and Paying Agent,[If Uncertificated Registered Securities, text 
will apply or be inserted - (ii) a Registrar, (iii) a Transfer Agent,] [(iv)][(ii)] a Determination Agent, 
[(v)][(iii)] a Secured Account Custodian, [(vi)][(iv)] a Subscription Account Custodian, [(vii)][(v)] a 
Metal Agent, [(viii)][(vi)] a Paying Agent having its specified office in a major European city[If the 
ETC Securities are listed on the LSE, text will apply or be inserted – (which shall be London so long 
as the ETC Securities are listed on the London Stock Exchange)], [(ix)][(vii)] such other agents as 
may be required by any other stock exchange on which the ETC Securities may be listed, in each 
case, as approved by the Trustee, and [(x)][(viii)] a Paying Agent with a specified office in a 
European Union member state that will not be obliged to withhold or deduct any tax pursuant to any 
law implementing Directive 2003/48/EC or any other Directive implementing the conclusions of the 
ECOFIN Council meeting of 26-27 November 2000. Notice of any change of Agent or any change 
to the specified office of an Agent shall promptly be given to the Securityholders by the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 20. 
Pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed, at any time after an Event of Default or a Potential Event 
of Default has occurred in relation to a particular Series of ETC Securities, the Trustee may: (i) by 
notice in writing to the Issuer and the Issuing and Paying Agent and any other Paying Agents, 
require the Issuing and Paying Agent and all or any of the other Paying Agent(s), until notified by 
the Trustee to the contrary, so far as permitted by applicable law to (a) act as agent of the Trustee

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
under the Trust Deed and the ETC Securities of such Series mutatis mutandis on the terms of the 
relevant Agency Agreement (with consequential amendments as necessary and except that the 
Trustee’s liability for the indemnification, remuneration and all other expenses of the Issuing and 
Paying Agent and such other Paying Agents (if any) will be limited to the amounts for the time being 
held by the Trustee in respect of the ETC Securities on the terms of the Trust Deed and which are 
available (after application in accordance with the relevant order of priority set out in Condition 7) to 
discharge such liability), or (b) deliver [If Bearer Securities text will apply or be inserted – the ETC 
Securities and] all moneys, documents and records held by them in respect of the ETC Securities 
to or to the order of the Trustee or as the Trustee directs in such notice; and (ii) by notice in writing 
to the Issuer require it to make all subsequent payments in respect of the ETC Securities to or to 
the order of the Trustee and not to the Issuing and Paying Agent with effect from the receipt of any 
such notice by the Issuer; and from then until such notice is withdrawn, sub-paragraph (1) of 
Condition 7(b)(i) shall cease to have effect. 
Pursuant to the terms of the Security Deed, at any time after the Security has become enforceable, 
the Trustee may: (i) by notice in writing to the Issuer and the Agents, require the Agents or any of 
them, until notified by the Trustee to the contrary, so far as permitted by applicable law to (a) act as 
agent of the Trustee under the Security Deed mutatis mutandis on the terms of the relevant Agency 
Agreement, Metal Agent Agreement, Custody Agreement for Secured Accounts, Custody 
Agreement for the Subscription Account, Determination Agent Agreement and Authorised 
Participant Agreement, as applicable (with consequential amendments as necessary and except 
that the Trustee’s liability for the indemnification, remuneration and all other expenses of the Agents 
or such Agent will be limited to the amounts for the time being held by the Trustee in respect of the 
ETC Securities on the terms of the Security Deed and which are available (after application in 
accordance with the relevant order of priority set out in Condition 7) to discharge such liability), and 
thereafter to hold all ETC Securities, moneys, assets, documents and records held by them in 
respect of the ETC Securities and in the case of the Secured Account Custodian or the Subscription 
Account Custodian or any Sub-Custodian (where applicable) assets forming part of, or documents 
evidencing or representing, the Secured Property, to the order of the Trustee, or (b) deliver all ETC 
Securities, moneys, assets, documents and records held by them in respect of the ETC Securities 
and in the case of the Secured Account Custodian or the Subscription Account Custodian or any 
Sub-Custodian (where applicable) assets forming part of, or documents evidencing or representing, 
the Secured Property, to the Trustee or as the Trustee directs in such notice; and (ii) by notice in 
writing to the Issuer require it to make all subsequent payments in respect of the ETC Securities to 
or to the order of the Trustee and not to the Issuing and Paying Agent with effect from the receipt of 
any such notice by the Issuer. 
(j) 
Business Day Convention and Non-Payment Business Days 
If any date for payment in respect of any ETC Security is not a Payment Business Day, the holder 
shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Business Day or to any interest or 
other sum in respect of such postponed payment. 
(k) 
[If Bearer Securities in NGN form, text will apply or be inserted – Records 
For so long as the ETC Securities are Bearer Securities represented by a Global Security in NGN 
form, the records of the Relevant Clearing Systems (which expression in this Condition 13(k) means 
the records that each Relevant Clearing System holds for its customers which reflect the amount of 
such customers’ interests in the ETC Securities) shall be conclusive evidence of the number of the 
ETC Securities represented by the Global Security and, for these purposes, a statement issued by 
the Relevant Clearing System (which statement shall be made available to the bearer upon request) 
stating the number of ETC Securities represented by the Global Security at any time shall be 
conclusive evidence of the records of the Relevant Clearing System at that time.]

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
[If Uncertificated Registered Securities or Bearer Securities in CGN form, text will apply or be 
inserted - This Condition is intentionally left blank.] 
(l) 
[If Bearer Securities, text will apply or be inserted – Negotiability of Global Security 
The Global Security is a bearer document and negotiable and accordingly: 
(i) 
is freely transferable by delivery and such transfer shall operate to confer upon the transferee 
all rights and benefits appertaining hereto and to bind the transferee with all obligations 
appertaining hereto pursuant to these Conditions; 
(ii) 
the holder of the Global Security is and shall be absolutely entitled as against all previous 
holders to receive all amounts by way of amounts payable upon redemption or otherwise 
payable in respect of the Global Security and the Issuer waives as against such holder and 
any previous holder of the Global Security all rights of set-off or counterclaim that would or 
might otherwise be available to it in respect of the obligations evidenced by the Global 
Security; and 
(iii) 
payment upon due presentation of the Global Security will operate as a good discharge 
against such holder and all previous holders of the Global Security.] 
[If Uncertificated Registered Securities or Bearer Securities in CGN form, text will apply or be 
inserted - This Condition is intentionally left blank.] 
14 Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment under the Conditions in respect of the ETC Securities shall be 
prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years from the date on which the payment of Principal 
in respect of the ETC Securities first became due or (if any amount of the money payable was improperly 
withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding was made or (if earlier) 
the date seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the Securityholders that, upon further 
presentation of the ETC Security being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be 
made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation (such date the “Relevant Date”)[If 
Bearer Securities, text will apply or be inserted – save that if the ETC Securities are in global form claims 
in respect of Principal in respect of the relevant Global Security shall become void unless the Global 
Security is presented for payment within a period of 10 years from the appropriate Relevant Date]. 
15 Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each an “Event of Default”) occurs, the Trustee at its discretion may, or 
shall, if so directed in writing by holders of at least one-fifth in number of the ETC Securities then 
outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution (provided that in each case the Trustee shall 
have been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction), give notice to the Issuer 
(copied to each Transaction Party (other than the Authorised Participant(s) and the Lead Authorised 
Participant)) (such notice an “Event of Default Redemption Notice”) that the ETC Securities are, and 
they shall immediately become, due and payable at their Early Redemption Amount on the Early 
Redemption Date: 
(i) 
the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its obligations (other than a payment 
obligation) under the ETC Securities, the Security Deed or the Trust Deed, which default is 
incapable of remedy or, if in the opinion of the Trustee capable of remedy, is not in the opinion of 
the Trustee remedied within 30 calendar days (or such longer period as the Trustee may permit) 
after notice of such default shall have been given to the Issuer by the Trustee (and, for these 
purposes, a failure to perform or comply with an obligation shall be deemed to be remediable 
notwithstanding that the failure results from not doing an act or thing by a particular time);

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
(ii) 
any order shall be made by any competent court or any resolution passed for the winding-up or 
dissolution of the Issuer, save for the purposes of amalgamation, merger, consolidation, 
reorganisation or other similar arrangement on terms previously approved in writing by the Trustee 
or by an Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(iii) 
an examiner is appointed in respect of the Issuer. 
The Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable after receipt of any Event of Default Redemption 
Notice, give notice thereof to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 20 and to the Authorised 
Participant(s) and the Lead Authorised Participant.  
The Issuer has undertaken in the Trust Deed that, on each anniversary of the issue date of the first series 
of securities issued under the Programme and also within 14 calendar days after any request by the 
Trustee, it will send to the Trustee a certificate signed by a Director of the Issuer to the effect that as at a 
date not more than five calendar days prior to the date of the certificate no Event of Default, or event or 
circumstance that could with the giving of notice, lapse of time and/or issue of a certificate become an 
Event of Default, has occurred. 
16 Enforcement 
Pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed, only the Trustee may, at its discretion and without further notice, 
take such action or step or institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce the 
rights of the holders of the ETC Securities against the Issuer whether the same arise under general law, 
the Trust Deed or the ETC Securities, but it need not take any such action or step or institute proceedings 
unless (a) in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed, the Trustee is so directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution or in writing by holders of at least one-fifth in number of the ETC Securities then outstanding 
and (b) it is secured and/or pre-funded and/or indemnified to its satisfaction. None of the holders of the 
ETC Securities shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless the Trustee, having become 
bound to proceed in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed, fails or neglects to do so within a 
reasonable time and such failure is continuing.  
Pursuant to the terms of the Security Deed, only the Trustee may enforce the Security over the Secured 
Property in accordance with the Security Deed and (other than as permitted by the Trust Deed and the 
Conditions) only the Trustee may, at its discretion and without further notice, take such action or step or 
institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce the Security over the Secured 
Property, but it need not take any such action or step or institute such proceedings unless (a) it shall have 
been so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or in writing by holders of at least one-fifth in number of 
the relevant Series of ETC Securities then outstanding (in accordance with the Security Deed) and (b) it 
shall have been secured and/or pre-funded and/or indemnified to its satisfaction. None of the Secured 
Creditors, the Other Creditors, the Securityholders or the other Transaction Parties shall be entitled to 
proceed directly against the Issuer in respect of the Security Deed unless the Trustee, having become 
bound to proceed in accordance with the terms of the Security Deed, fails or neglects to do so within a 
reasonable time and such failure is continuing. The Trustee, the Securityholders and the Transaction 
Parties acknowledge and agree that only the Trustee may enforce the Security over the Secured Property 
in accordance with, and subject to the terms of, the Security Deed. 
The Trustee shall in no circumstances be obliged to take any action, step or proceeding that would involve 
any personal liability or expense without first being indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction whether pursuant to the Trust Deed, the Security Deed or otherwise.

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
17 Meetings of Securityholders, Modification, Waiver, Substitution and Restrictions 
(a) 
Meetings of Securityholders 
In accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed, a meeting of Securityholders may be convened as 
described in Annex 1 to these Conditions by the Issuer or the Trustee at any time during the term 
of the ETC Securities. The quorum requirement for a meeting and the voting arrangements pursuant 
to the Trust Deed are described in Annex 1 to these Conditions.  
The special quorum provisions described in Annex 1 to these Conditions and in the Trust Deed shall 
apply to any meeting and Extraordinary Resolution relating to any proposal: (i) to amend the dates 
of maturity or redemption of the ETC Securities; (ii) to vary any method of, or basis for, calculating 
the Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount, as applicable; (iii) to vary the currency 
or currencies of payment or denomination of the ETC Securities; (iv) to take any steps that, as 
specified in the Issue Deed and/or the Trust Deed, may only be taken following approval by an 
Extraordinary Resolution to which the special quorum provisions apply; (v) to modify the provisions 
concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Securityholders or the majority required to pass 
an Extraordinary Resolution; (vi) to modify the provisions of the Trust Deed concerning the special 
quorum provisions; or (vii) to modify certain provisions of Condition 7 and/or the Security Deed.  
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Conditions, for the avoidance of doubt, neither the 
approval of Securityholders by way of an Extraordinary Resolution of Securityholders or otherwise 
or the consent of the Trustee is required (without limitation) for: 
(i) 
the transfer of Metal to the Programme Counterparty under the Balancing Agreement and to 
an Authorised Participant under the Authorised Participant Agreement and the related 
release of Security provided such transfer and release is effected in accordance with the 
terms of the Balancing Agreement and the Authorised Participant Agreement (as applicable);  
(ii) 
any change to the Product Fee Percentage at any time [If ETC Securities are FX Hedged 
ETC Securities, text will apply or be inserted – (whether due to a change in the Base Fee 
Percentage or the FX Hedging Fee Percentage)]; 
(iii) 
any appointment of an additional or replacement Transaction Party provided such 
appointment or replacement is effected in accordance with the Conditions and the applicable 
Transaction Document(s); 
(iv) 
the substitution of the Price Source with a Successor Price Source pursuant to Condition 11; 
(v) 
the transfer, novation or assignment of the Balancing Agreement pursuant to Condition 12(b);  
(vi) 
any increase to the Programme Maximum Number of ETC Securities; or 
(vii) 
any amendment to any term of the Conditions or any Transaction Document which relates to 
an operational or procedural issue. 
(b) 
Modification of the Relevant Transaction Documents 
Without prejudice to Condition 17(a), the Trustee may agree, without the consent of the 
Securityholders but only with the prior written consent of the Lead Authorised Participant and the 
Programme Counterparty, to (i) any modification to these Conditions, the Trust Deed, the Security 
Deed, the Balancing Agreement and/or any other Transaction Document to which the Trustee is a 
party which is, in the opinion of the Trustee, of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to 
correct a manifest error, and (ii) any other modification, and any waiver or authorisation, of any 
breach or proposed breach of any of these Conditions or any of the provisions of the Trust Deed, 
the Security Deed, the Balancing Agreement and/or any other Transaction Document to which the 
Trustee is a party that is in the opinion of the Trustee not materially prejudicial to the interests of the

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
Securityholders. Any such modification, authorisation or waiver will be binding on the 
Securityholders and, if the Trustee so requires, such modification will be notified by the Issuer to the 
Securityholders in accordance with Condition 20 as soon as reasonably practicable. 
(c) 
Substitution 
The Trustee may, without the consent of the Securityholders but subject to the prior consent of the 
Lead Authorised Participant and the Programme Counterparty, agree to the substitution, in place of 
the Issuer (or of any previous substitute) as the principal debtor under the Trust Deed, the Security 
Deed, the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party and the ETC Securities, of any other 
company (incorporated in any jurisdiction) (any such substitute company being the “Substituted 
Obligor”) whether in connection with the occurrence of a Balancing Agreement Tax Event under 
the Balancing Agreement or otherwise, provided that: 
(i) 
a deed is executed or undertaking given by the Substituted Obligor to the Trustee, in form 
and manner satisfactory to the Trustee, agreeing to be bound by the Trust Deed, the Security 
Deed and the ETC Securities (with such consequential amendments as the Trustee may 
deem appropriate) as if the Substituted Obligor had been named in the Trust Deed, the 
Security Deed and the ETC Securities as the principal debtor in place of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the Substituted Obligor assumes all rights, obligations and liabilities in relation to the Secured 
Property, acknowledges the Security created in respect thereof pursuant to the Security Deed 
and takes all such action as the Trustee may require so that the Security constitutes a valid 
charge, pledge or other security interest over the Secured Property as was originally created 
by the Issuer for the obligations of the Substituted Obligor; 
(iii) 
if any director of the Substituted Obligor certifies that it will be solvent immediately after such 
substitution, the Trustee need not have regard to the Substituted Obligor’s financial condition, 
profits or prospects or compare them with those of the Issuer; 
(iv) 
the Trustee will be satisfied (if it requires, by reference to legal opinions) that (A) all necessary 
governmental and regulatory approvals and consents necessary for or in connection with the 
assumption by the Substituted Obligor of liability as principal debtor in respect of, and of its 
obligations under, the ETC Securities and any Transaction Document have been obtained 
and (B) such approvals and consents are at the time of substitution in full force and effect; 
(v) 
the Issuer and the Substituted Obligor will execute and the Issuer shall procure that the 
Programme Counterparty and any other Transaction Party will execute such other deeds, 
documents and instruments (if any) as the Trustee may require in order that such substitution 
is fully effective and comply with such other requirements in the interests of the 
Securityholders as the Trustee may direct; 
(vi) 
in connection with any proposed substitution of the Issuer, the Trustee may, without the 
consent of the holders of the ETC Securities, agree to a change of the law from time to time 
governing such ETC Securities and/or the Issue Deed and/or the Trust Deed and/or the 
Security Deed, provided that such change of law, in the opinion of the Trustee, would not be 
materially prejudicial to the interests of such Securityholders; 
(vii) 
the Issuer and the Substituted Obligor comply with such other requirements as the Trustee 
may direct in the interests of the Securityholders; and 
(viii) 
a legal opinion satisfactory to the Trustee is provided concerning any proposed substitution. 
An agreement by the Trustee pursuant to this Condition 17(c) and the Trust Deed shall, if so 
expressed, release the Issuer (or a previous substitute) from any or all of its obligations under the 
Trust Deed, the ETC Securities and the other relevant Transaction Documents. The Substituted

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
Obligor shall give notice of the substitution to the Securityholders within 14 calendar days of the 
execution of such documents and compliance with such requirements. 
On completion of the formalities set out in this Condition 17(c) and the Trust Deed, the Substituted 
Obligor shall be deemed to be named in these Conditions, the Trust Deed, the other Transaction 
Documents and the ETC Securities as the principal debtor in place of the Issuer (or of any previous 
substitute) and these Conditions, the Trust Deed, the other Transaction Documents and the ETC 
Securities shall be deemed to be amended as necessary to give effect to the substitution. 
(d) 
Entitlement of the Trustee 
In accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed and the Security Deed, in connection with the 
exercise of its functions (including, but not limited to, those referred to in this Condition 17) the 
Trustee will have regard to the interests of the Securityholders as a class and will not have regard 
to the consequences of such exercise for individual Securityholders and the Trustee will not be 
entitled to require, nor shall any Securityholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer any 
indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise upon individual 
Securityholders. [If Bearer Securities, text will apply or be inserted – So long as the ETC Securities 
are in global form and such Global Security is held by or on behalf of the Relevant Clearing System, 
in considering the interests of Securityholders, the Trustee may have regard to any information 
provided to it by the Relevant Clearing System or its operator as to the identity (either individually 
or by category) of its accountholders or participants with entitlements to any such Global Security 
and may consider such interests on the basis that such accountholders or participants were the 
holder(s) thereof.] 
18 Replacement of ETC Securities 
[If Bearer Securities, text will apply or be inserted –  
If an ETC Security in bearer form is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject 
to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant authority regulations, at the specified 
office of the Issuing and Paying Agent in London or such other Paying Agent, as the case may be, as may, 
from time to time, be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to 
Securityholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection 
therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the 
allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed ETC Security is subsequently presented for payment there shall be paid 
to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such ETC Security) and otherwise 
as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced ETC Securities must be surrendered before replacements 
will be issued.] 
[If Uncertificated Registered Securities, text will apply or be inserted – This Condition is intentionally left 
blank.] 
19 Further Issues 
Subject to Condition 7, the Issuer may, from time to time (without the consent of the Trustee or any 
Securityholder), in accordance with the Trust Deed, the Conditions, the Agency Agreement and the 
Authorised Participant Agreement, create and issue further securities that are either:  
(i) 
securities having the same terms and conditions as the ETC Securities in all respects and so that 
such further issue shall be consolidated and form a single series with the ETC Securities and the 
Issuer may incur further obligations relating to such ETC Securities; or  
(ii) 
securities that are not consolidated and do not form a single Series with the ETC Securities and that 
are secured on separate assets than the ETC Securities and that are issued upon such terms as

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
the Issuer may determine at the time of their issue and in respect of which the Issuer may incur 
further obligations relating to such securities.  
Only an Authorised Participant may request that the Issuer issue additional Tranches of the ETC Securities 
by delivering a valid Subscription Order subject to and in accordance with the terms of the Authorised 
Participant Agreement. The Issuer will only accept a Subscription Order and issue ETC Securities if a 
Subscription Order is given by an Authorised Participant and determined to be valid by or on behalf of the 
Issuer and all conditions precedent to an issue of the ETC Securities are satisfied.  
In accordance with the terms of the Authorised Participant Agreement, the Issuer will not be obliged to 
accept any Subscription Order and/or issue ETC Securities if (A) a Suspension Event has occurred and is 
continuing, and/or (B) an Early Redemption Event has occurred, and/or (C) a Determination Agent 
Bankruptcy Event Notice has been delivered (until such time as a replacement Determination Agent is 
appointed in accordance with the Determination Agent Agreement or the Programme Counterparty is 
making the requisite determinations and calculations in place of the Determination Agent pursuant to 
Condition 13(d) and the relevant Determination Agent Agreement) and/or (D) a Balancing Agreement 
Termination Notice, Agent Redemption Event Notice, VAT Redemption Event Notice, Publication Event 
Redemption Notice, Value per ETC Security Threshold Level Notice, AP Redemption Event Notice, 
Programme Counterparty Default Redemption Notice or Termination Event Redemption Notice has been 
delivered. If an Issuer Call Redemption Notice, Issuer Redemption Notice or a Balancing Agreement 
Optional Termination Notice is delivered, the last day on which the Issuer is required to accept a valid 
Subscription Order shall be the fourth Business Day preceding the related Early Redemption Valuation 
Date or Balancing Agreement Early Termination Date (as applicable).  
The Issuer may suspend the issuance of further ETC Securities at any time. If a Suspension Event occurs, 
the Issuer shall not be obliged to accept any Subscription Orders for the ETC Securities with effect from 
the date of suspension specified in the relevant notice to the Determination Agent, Lead Authorised 
Participant and the Authorised Participants until such time (if any) as the Issuer notifies such Transaction 
Parties that it shall recommence the issue of further Tranches of the ETC Securities. The effective date of 
any such suspension will be specified in the related notice and will be a day not earlier than the Business 
Day following the date of such notice. The Issuer shall give notice to Securityholders in accordance with 
Condition 20 of any such suspension as soon as reasonably practicable after giving any notice of 
suspension of subscriptions.  
Any Subscription Order in respect of which the Subscription Settlement Date occurs after an Early 
Redemption Valuation Date or Final Redemption Valuation Date shall automatically be cancelled (for the 
avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding the acceptance of such Subscription Order prior to such date) and 
any ETC Securities issued on a Subscription Settlement Date which are pending settlement to the relevant 
Authorised Participant as at the Early Redemption Valuation Date or Final Redemption Valuation Date 
shall automatically be cancelled, in both cases with effect from the Early Redemption Valuation Date or 
the Final Redemption Valuation Date, as applicable. 
ETC Securities requested for issue and subscribed for by an Authorised Participant may be held on an 
inventory basis by such Authorised Participant and offered for sale and/or sold over a period of time. 
Any new securities forming a single series with the ETC Securities and which are expressed to be 
constituted by the Trust Deed and secured by the Security Deed will, upon the issue thereof by the Issuer, 
be constituted by the Trust Deed and secured by the Security Deed without any further formality and 
irrespective of whether or not the issue of such securities contravenes any covenant or other restriction in 
the Trust Deed or the Programme Maximum Number of ETC Securities and shall be secured by the same 
Secured Property (as increased and/or supplemented in connection with such issue of such new securities) 
and references in these Conditions to “ETC Securities”, “Secured Assets”, “Secured Balancing 
Agreement Rights”, “Secured Agent Rights”, “Secured Property”, “Secured Issuer Obligations”, 
“Other Issuer Obligations”, “Secured Creditors” and “Other Creditors” shall be construed accordingly.

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
20 Notices 
All notices to holders of ETC Securities shall be valid if: 
(i) 
 
(A) 
[If Bearer Securities listed on the London Stock Exchange, text will apply or be inserted – 
published in a daily newspaper with general circulation in the United Kingdom (which is 
expected to be the Financial Times)][If Bearer Securities listed on any other Relevant Stock 
Exchange, text will apply or be inserted – [and] published in a daily newspaper with general 
circulation in the country of the Relevant Stock Exchange][If Uncertificated Registered 
Securities, text will apply or be inserted – delivered to the Registrar and/or the Operator for 
communication to the holders pursuant to the procedures for delivery of notices to 
accountholders in CREST as may be agreed between the Issuer, the Registrar and the 
Operator from time to time]; and/or 
(B) 
published on the website of one or more RIS(s) approved for such purposes by the applicable 
Relevant Stock Exchange(s) and any such notices shall be conclusively presumed to have 
been received by the holders; and/or 
(ii) 
for so long as the ETC Securities are listed on any Relevant Stock Exchange, published in 
accordance with the rules and regulations of such Relevant Stock Exchange or other relevant 
authority[; and] 
(iii) 
[If Bearer Securities, text will apply or be inserted – for so long as the ETC Securities are in global 
form, notices required to be given in respect of the ETC Securities represented by a Global Security 
are given by their being delivered (so long as the Global Security is held on behalf of a Clearing 
System) to the Relevant Clearing System, or otherwise to the holder of the Global Security, rather 
than by publication as required above[If the ETC Securities are listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, text will apply or be inserted –, except that for so long as the ETC Securities are listed 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that exchange so require, notices shall also 
be published either on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or in a 
leading newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the 
Luxemburger Wort)]. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the ETC 
Securities on the Payment Business Day immediately following the day on which the notice was 
given to the Relevant Clearing System.] 
If, in the opinion of the Trustee, any such publications above are not practicable, notice shall be validly 
given if published in another leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the relevant country. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more 
than once or on different dates, on the first date on which publication is made, as provided above. 
21 Rights, Obligations and Indemnification of the Trustee 
(a) 
Condition Precedent to Trustee Action 
The Trustee is not obliged or required to take any action, step or proceeding that would involve any 
personal liability or expense without first being pre-funded and/or secured and/or indemnified to its 
satisfaction. 
(b) 
Liability in Respect of Security and the Secured Property 
The Trustee will accept without investigation, requisition or objection such right and title as the Issuer 
has to any of the Secured Property and need not examine or enquire into or be liable for any defect 
or failure in the right or title of the Issuer to the Secured Property or any part of it, whether such

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
defect or failure was known to the Trustee or might have been discovered upon examination or 
enquiry and whether capable of remedy or not. The Trustee is not under any obligation to insure 
any property comprising the Secured Property or any certificate, note, bond or other evidence in 
respect thereof, or to require any other person to maintain any such insurance. 
The Trustee will not be responsible for, nor will it have any liability with respect to any loss or theft 
or reduction in value of any property comprising the Secured Property. The Trustee will have no 
responsibility or liability to the Issuer, any Securityholder, any Secured Creditor or any Other 
Creditor as regards any deficiency which might arise because (i) all or part of the property 
comprising the Secured Property is or will be held by the Secured Account Custodian or the 
Subscription Account Custodian or a Sub-Custodian and/or (ii) the Trustee, the Secured Account 
Custodian, the Subscription Account Custodian, any Sub-Custodian and/or the Metal Agent, as 
applicable, is subject to any Tax in respect of any of the Secured Property, any income therefrom 
and/or the proceeds thereof. 
The Trustee will not be responsible or liable to the Issuer, any Securityholder, any Secured Creditor 
or any Other Creditor for the validity, enforceability, value or sufficiency (which the Trustee will not 
investigate) of the Security relating to the ETC Securities. The Trustee will not be liable to any 
Securityholder, any Secured Creditor, any Other Creditor or any other person for any failure to make 
or cause to be made on its behalf the searches, investigations and enquiries which would normally 
be made by a prudent chargee, mortgagee or assignee in relation to the Security relating to the ETC 
Securities. 
None of the Trustee, any receiver appointed by it or any attorney or agent of the Trustee will, by 
reason of taking possession of any Secured Property or any other reason and whether or not as 
mortgagee in possession, be liable to account for anything except actual receipts or be liable for 
any loss or damage arising from the realisation of such Secured Property or from any act or omission 
in relation to such Secured Property or otherwise unless such loss or damage shall be caused by 
its own fraud. 
(c) 
Discharge 
The Trustee’s receipt for any moneys paid to it will discharge the person paying them and such 
person will not be responsible for their application. 
(d) 
Apportionment of Trustee Expenses Between Series of ETC Securities 
If at any time the Trustee is Trustee in respect of more than one series of securities issued under 
the Programme by the Issuer, the Trustee will be entitled in its absolute discretion to determine in 
respect of which Series of ETC Securities any liabilities and expenses have been incurred by the 
Trustee and to allocate any such liabilities and expenses between such Series of ETC Securities. 
(e) 
Advice 
The Trustee may act on the opinion or advice of, or information obtained from, any expert and will 
not be responsible to anyone for any loss occasioned by so acting whether such advice is obtained 
by or addressed to the Issuer, the Trustee or any other person. Any such opinion, advice or 
information may be sent or obtained by letter or fax and the Trustee will not be liable to anyone for 
acting in good faith on any opinion, advice or information purporting to be conveyed by such means 
even if it contains some error or is not authentic and whether or not such expert’s liability in respect 
thereof is limited whether by reference to a monetary cap or otherwise. 
(f) 
Trustee to Assume Performance 
The Trustee need not notify anyone of the execution of the Issue Deed or any other Transaction 
Document or do anything to find out if an Event of Default, a Potential Event of Default, an Early

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
Redemption Event, a Disruption Event, a Suspension Event, a Determination Agent Bankruptcy 
Event, a transfer, novation or assignment of the Balancing Agreement, a substitution of the Price 
Source or a resignation or termination of an Agent’s appointment has occurred or if the Security has 
become enforceable. Until it has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary, the Trustee 
may assume that no such event has occurred and that the Issuer is performing all its obligations 
under the Trust Deed, the Security Deed, the ETC Securities and the other Transaction Documents. 
The Trustee is not responsible for monitoring or supervising the performance by any other person 
of its obligations to the Issuer and may assume these are being performed unless it shall have actual 
knowledge to the contrary. 
(g) 
Resolutions and Directions of Securityholders 
The Trustee will not be responsible for having acted in good faith on a resolution purporting to have 
been passed at a meeting of Securityholders in respect of which minutes have been made and 
signed or any instruction or direction in writing purporting to have been given by or on behalf of 
Securityholders even if it is later found that there was a defect in the constitution of the meeting or 
the passing of the resolution or the giving of such instruction or direction or that such resolution, 
instruction or direction was not valid or binding on the Securityholders. 
(h) 
Certificate Signed by Directors 
If the Trustee, in the exercise of its functions, requires to be satisfied or to have information as to 
any fact or the expediency of any act, it may call for and accept as sufficient evidence of that fact or 
the expediency of that act a certificate signed by any director of the Issuer as to that fact or to the 
effect that, in their opinion, that act is expedient and the Trustee need not call for further evidence 
and will not be responsible for any loss occasioned by acting on such a certificate. 
(i) 
Deposit of Documents 
The Trustee may appoint as custodian, on any terms, any bank or entity whose business includes 
the safe custody of documents or any lawyer or firm of lawyers believed by it to be of good repute 
and may deposit the Issue Deed and any other documents with such custodian and pay all sums 
due in respect thereof and the Trustee will not be responsible for any loss incurred in connection 
with any such holding or deposit. The Trustee is not obliged to appoint a custodian of securities 
payable to bearer. 
(j) 
Discretion 
The Trustee has absolute and uncontrolled discretion as to the exercise of its functions and will not 
be responsible for any loss, liability, cost, claim, action, demand, expense or inconvenience that 
may result from their exercise or non-exercise. 
(k) 
Agents 
Whenever it considers it expedient in the interests of the Securityholders, the Trustee may, in the 
conduct of its trust business, instead of acting personally, employ and pay an agent selected by it, 
whether or not a lawyer or other professional person, to transact or conduct, or concur in transacting 
or conducting, any business and to do or concur in doing all acts required to be done by the Trustee 
(including the receipt and payment of moneys). 
(l) 
Delegation 
Whenever it considers it expedient in the interests of the Securityholders, the Trustee may delegate 
to any person on any terms (including power to sub-delegate) all or any of its functions.

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
(m) 
Nominees 
In relation to any asset held by it under the Security Deed or any other relevant Transaction 
Document, the Trustee may appoint any person to act as its nominee on any terms. 
(n) 
Confidentiality 
Unless ordered to do so by a court of competent jurisdiction, the Trustee will not be required to 
disclose to any Securityholder, Secured Creditor or Other Creditor any confidential financial or other 
information made available to the Trustee by the Issuer. 
(o) 
Determinations Conclusive 
As between itself and the Securityholders, and/or any Secured Creditor and/or any Other Creditor, 
the Trustee may determine all questions and doubts arising in relation to any of the provisions of 
the Trust Deed, the Security Deed or any other Transaction Document. Such determinations, 
whether made upon such a question actually raised or implied in the acts or proceedings of the 
Trustee, will be conclusive and will bind the Trustee, the Securityholders, the Secured Creditors 
and/or any Other Creditor. 
(p) 
Currency Conversion 
Where it is necessary or desirable for any purpose for the Trustee to convert any sum from one 
currency to another, it will (unless otherwise provided in the Issue Deed or these Conditions or 
required by law) be converted at such rate or rates, in accordance with such method and as at such 
date as may reasonably be specified by the Trustee but having regard to current rates of exchange, 
if available. Any rate, method and date so specified will be binding on the Issuer, the 
Securityholders, the Secured Creditors and the Other Creditors. 
(q) 
Indemnity Under the Trust Deed 
Pursuant to the Trust Deed, without prejudice to the right of indemnity by law given to trustees [If 
Bearer Securities text will apply or be inserted – and subject to the provisions of Section 750 of the 
Companies Act 2006], the Trustee and every receiver, attorney, manager, agent or other person 
appointed by the Trustee under the Trust Deed in relation to the ETC Securities will be entitled to 
be indemnified out of the Secured Property in respect of all liabilities and expenses properly incurred 
by them or him in the execution or purported execution of the trusts or of any functions vested in 
them or him pursuant to the Trust Deed and against all actions, proceedings, costs, claims and 
demands in respect of any acts or omissions relating to the Secured Property, and the Trustee may 
retain any part of any moneys in its hands arising from the trusts of the Trust Deed all sums 
necessary to effect such indemnity and also the remuneration of the Trustee. The Trustee will have 
a lien on the Secured Property for all moneys payable to it under this Condition 21(q), the Trust 
Deed or otherwise. 
(r) 
Issue Deed 
The Trustee assumes no responsibility for, and will not, by the execution of the Issue Deed, be 
deemed to make any representation as to, the adequacy, sufficiency, validity or enforceability of the 
Issue Deed or any agreement constituted by the execution thereof. 
(s) 
Transaction Parties 
In acting as Trustee under the Trust Deed, the Trustee does not assume any duty or responsibility 
to any Transaction Party (other than to pay to any such party any moneys received and payable to 
it and to act in accordance with the provisions of Condition 7 and the Trust Deed) and will have 
regard solely to the interests of the Securityholders. The Trustee is not (subject to Conditions 7 and

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
16) obliged to act on any directions of any Transaction Party if this would, in the Trustee’s opinion, 
be contrary to the interests of the Securityholders. 
(t) 
Consent of Trustee 
Except as otherwise expressly provided to the contrary, any consent or approval given by the 
Trustee may be on such terms and subject to such conditions as the Trustee reasonably thinks fit. 
(u) 
Payment for and Delivery of ETC Securities 
The Trustee will not be responsible for the receipt or application by the Issuer of the proceeds of the 
issue of the ETC Securities[If Bearer Securities text will apply or be inserted - , any exchange of 
ETC Securities or the delivery of ETC Securities to the persons entitled to them]. 
(v) 
Legal Opinion 
The Trustee will not be responsible to any person for failing to request, require or receive any legal 
opinion relating to the ETC Securities or for checking or commenting upon the content of any such 
legal opinion. 
(w) 
Programme Limit 
The Trustee will not be concerned, and need not enquire, as to whether or not the ETC Securities 
are issued or entered into in breach of the Programme Maximum Number of ETC Securities. 
(x) 
Events 
The Trustee may determine whether or not an Event of Default is in its opinion capable of remedy. 
Any such determination will be conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the Securityholders. 
However, the Trustee is not under any obligation to monitor whether or not an Event of Default, a 
Potential Event of Default, an Early Redemption Event, a Disruption Event, a Secured Account 
Custodian Bankruptcy Event, a Subscription Account Custodian Bankruptcy Event, a Metal Agent 
Bankruptcy Event, a Balancing Agreement Event of Default, a Balancing Agreement Termination 
Event, a Suspension Event, a Determination Agent Bankruptcy Event, a transfer, novation or 
assignment of the Balancing Agreement, a substitution of the Price Source or a resignation or 
termination of an Agent’s appointment has occurred or is continuing or to monitor compliance by 
the Agents, the Programme Counterparty or any other Transaction Party with any of their respective 
obligations under the Transaction Documents. 
(y) 
Responsibility for Appointees 
If the Trustee exercises reasonable care in selecting any custodian, agent, delegate or nominee (an 
“Appointee”), it will not have any obligation to supervise such Appointee or be responsible for any 
loss, liability, cost, claim, action, demand or expense incurred by reason of the Appointee’s 
misconduct or default or the misconduct or default of any substitute appointed by the Appointee.  
(z) 
Notice in Respect of Appointees 
The Trustee will, within a reasonable time prior to any delegation to an Appointee or any renewal, 
extension or termination thereof, give notice thereof (containing details of such appointment) to the 
Issuer (whereupon the Issuer shall copy such notice to the Arranger and the Programme 
Counterparty).  
(aa) No Responsibility for Clearing Systems 
None of the Issuer, the Trustee or any other Transaction Party will have any responsibility for the 
performance by the Relevant Clearing System (or its participants or indirect participants) of any of 
their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations.

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
(bb) Certifications 
The Trustee will be entitled to rely upon a certificate of any Transaction Party in respect of every 
matter and circumstance for which a certificate, calculation or determination is expressly provided 
under these Conditions and/or the relevant Transaction Documents and also in relation to any 
matter reasonably believed by the Trustee to be within the knowledge of the party certifying the 
same and the Trustee will not be bound in any such case to call for further evidence or be 
responsible for any loss, liability, costs, damages, expenses or inconvenience that may be 
occasioned by its failing so to do.  
(cc) No Obligations to Monitor Transaction Parties Under the Trust Deed and the Security 
Deed 
Pursuant to the Trust Deed and the Security Deed, the Trustee will not be obliged to monitor nor be 
liable for any failure to monitor the performance by any Transaction Party of its duties and 
obligations under the Transaction Documents to the Issuer or by any other person of its obligations 
to the Issuer. The Trustee may assume that such are being performed unless it has actual 
knowledge to the contrary. The Trustee will not be obliged to take any action or step against any 
such Transaction Party or other person (unless secured and/or pre-funded and/or indemnified to its 
satisfaction). 
(dd) Certifications of Amounts Owed 
The Trustee will be entitled to rely upon a certificate of any party to the Transaction Documents as 
to any amounts owing to any such party and will not be responsible for any loss occasioned by its 
relying and acting on such certificate. 
(ee) Authorised Participants 
The Trustee will not be responsible for monitoring or ascertaining whether there is one or more 
Authorised Participants or no Authorised Participant in respect of the ETC Securities or whether no 
Authorised Participant is willing to purchase any ETC Securities and, unless and until it receives 
express notice to the contrary, it will be entitled to assume that there is one or more Authorised 
Participants in respect of the ETC Securities and that one or more Authorised Participants is or are 
willing to purchase the ETC Securities. 
(ff) 
Calculation of Metal Entitlement per ETC Security, Value per ETC Security and 
Redemption Amounts 
In ascertaining any Metal Entitlement per ETC Security, Value per ETC Security, Final Metal 
Redemption Amount, Early Metal Redemption Amount, Final Redemption Amount or Early 
Redemption Amount, as applicable, the Trustee will be entitled to call for and rely upon a 
determination by the Determination Agent or the Programme Counterparty (in each case acting as 
agent of the Issuer or if the Trustee so requests as agent of the Trustee, as applicable) as to such 
amount. 
(gg) Signed Documents 
The Trustee will not incur liability to any person in acting upon any signature, instrument, notice, 
resolution, endorsement, request, consent, order, certificate, report, opinion, bond or other 
document or paper believed by it to be genuine and believed by it to be signed by the proper party 
or parties. 
(hh) Trustee Liable for Negligence 
Section 1 of the Trustee Act 2000 will not apply to any function of the Trustee, provided that if the 
Trustee fails to show the degree of care and diligence required of it as trustee, nothing in these

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
Conditions or the Security Deed [If Bearer Securities, text will apply or be inserted – or the Trust 
Deed] will relieve or indemnify the Trustee from or against any liability that would otherwise attach 
to it in respect of any negligence, wilful default, breach of duty or breach of trust of which it may be 
guilty.[If Uncertificated Registered Securities, text will apply or be inserted – In the purported 
execution of the trusts, powers and provisions of the Trust Deed, the Trustee will not be liable for 
any loss, liability, cost, claim, action, demand or expense arising in consequence of the failure, 
depreciation or loss of any investments made or retained in good faith or by reason of any mistake 
or omission made in good faith or of any other act, omission, matter or thing whatever except for 
breach of trust arising from fraud, wilful misconduct or negligence on the part of the Trustee.] 
(ii) 
Waiver and Proof of Default 
(i) 
The Trustee may, without the consent of the Securityholders and without prejudice to its 
rights in respect of any subsequent breach, from time to time and at any time, if in its opinion 
the interests of the Securityholders will not be materially prejudiced thereby, waive or 
authorise, on such terms as seem expedient to it, any breach or proposed breach by the 
Issuer of the Trust Deed, the Conditions or any other Transaction Document or determine 
that an Event of Default or Potential Event of Default will not be treated as such provided that 
the Trustee will not do so in contravention of an express direction given by an Extraordinary 
Resolution. No such direction or request will affect a previous waiver, authorisation or 
determination. Any such waiver, authorisation or determination will be binding on the 
Securityholders and, if the Trustee so requires, will be notified to the Securityholders as soon 
as practicable. 
(ii) 
Proof that the Issuer has failed to make a payment of Principal when due under the 
Conditions to the holder of any one ETC Security will (unless the contrary be proved) be 
sufficient evidence that it has made the same default as regards all other ETC Securities that 
are then payable. 
(jj) 
Trustee not Precluded from Entering into Contracts 
The Trustee and any other person, whether or not acting for itself, may acquire, hold, deal in or 
dispose of any ETC Security or other security (or any interest therein) of the Issuer or any other 
person, may enter into or be interested in any contract or transaction with any such person and may 
act on, or as depositary or agent for, any committee or body of holders of any securities of any such 
person in each case with the same rights as it would have had if the Trustee were not acting as 
Trustee and need not account for any profit. 
(kk) Accumulation of Moneys 
If the amount of the moneys at any time available to the Trustee for payment of Principal in respect 
of the ETC Securities in accordance with Condition 7(b) or 7(c), as applicable, is less than 10 per 
cent. of the aggregate Value per ETC Security of the ETC Securities then outstanding (or, following 
an Early Redemption Valuation Date or Final Redemption Valuation Date, the Early Redemption 
Amount or the Final Redemption Amount, as applicable), the Trustee may, pursuant to the Trust 
Deed or the Security Deed, as applicable, at its discretion, invest such moneys. The Trustee may 
retain such investments and accumulate the resulting income until the investments and the 
accumulations, together with any other funds for the time being under its control and available for 
such payment, amount to at least 10 per cent. of the aggregate Value per ETC Security of the ETC 
Securities then outstanding and then such investments, accumulations and funds (after deduction 
of, or provision for, any applicable Taxes) will be applied as specified in Condition 7(b) or 7(c), as 
applicable.

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
(ll) 
Investment 
Pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed and the Security Deed, moneys held by the Trustee may 
be (x) invested in its name or under its control in any investments or other assets anywhere whether 
or not they produce income or (y) deposited in its name or under its control at such bank or other 
financial institution in such currency as the Trustee may, in its absolute discretion, think fit. If that 
bank or institution is the Trustee or a subsidiary, holding or associated company of the Trustee, it 
need only account for an amount of interest equal to the standard amount of interest payable by it 
on such a deposit to an independent customer. The Trustee may, at any time, vary or transpose 
any such investments or assets or convert any moneys so deposited into any other currency, and 
will not be responsible for any resulting loss, whether by depreciation in value, change in exchange 
rates or otherwise provided that all such investments or assets invested in, or deposits made, by 
the Trustee will be in investments or assets denominated in the Specified Currency of the ETC 
Securities (and to the extent (if any) that sums received by the Trustee in respect of the ETC 
Securities are in a currency other than the Specified Currency of the ETC Securities, the Trustee 
may, for the purposes of making investments in accordance with the Trust Deed or Security Deed, 
as applicable, convert such sums into the Specified Currency of the ETC Securities and will not be 
responsible for any resulting loss, whether by depreciation in value, change in exchange rates or 
otherwise). In the event that the ETC Securities are rated by a Rating Agency at the request of the 
Issuer, all such investments or assets will, at the time of investment, be rated: 
(i) 
where the ETC Securities are rated by Fitch, AAA by Fitch (in the case of long-term 
investments or assets of more than one year), F1+ by Fitch (in the case of short-term 
investments or assets of one year or less) or such alternative rating as may be advised by 
Fitch as being acceptable for being commensurate with the rating assigned to such ETC 
Securities; 
(ii) 
where the ETC Securities are rated by Moody’s, Aaa by Moody’s (in the case of long-term 
investments or assets of more than one year), P-1 by Moody’s (in the case of short-term 
investments or assets of one year or less) or such alternative rating as may be advised by 
Moody’s as being acceptable for being commensurate with the rating assigned to such ETC 
Securities; 
(iii) 
where the ETC Securities are rated by S&P, AAA by S&P (in the case of long-term 
investments or assets of more than one year), A-1+ by S&P (in the case of short-term 
investments or assets of one year or less) or such alternative rating as may be advised by 
S&P as being acceptable for being commensurate with the rating assigned to such ETC 
Securities; and 
(iv) 
where the ETC Securities are rated by any other agency, such rating as may be advised by 
that rating agency as being acceptable for being commensurate with the rating assigned to 
such ETC Securities; and 
in respect of the ETC Securities rated by a Rating Agency at the request of the Issuer, where any 
moneys are placed on deposit with a bank or financial institution, such bank or financial institution 
will, at the time of investment, be rated at least: 
(A) 
where the ETC Securities are rated by Fitch, F1+ by Fitch; 
(B) 
where the ETC Securities are rated by Moody’s, P-1 by Moody’s; 
(C) 
where the ETC Securities are rated by S&P, A-1+ by S&P; and 
(D) 
where the ETC Securities are rated by any other rating agency, such rating as may be 
advised by that rating agency for these purposes,

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
provided that, in relation to this Condition 21(ll), if the ETC Securities are rated by more than one 
Rating Agency the higher of the ratings requirements in this Condition 21(ll) and the Trust Deed in 
relation to the relevant Rating Agencies will apply. 
(mm) Creditworthiness of the Transaction Parties 
Pursuant to the Security Deed, the Trustee will have no responsibility or liability to the Issuer, any 
Securityholder, any Secured Creditor or any Other Creditor for the creditworthiness (which the 
Trustee shall not investigate) of any Transaction Party, or the validity or enforceability of the 
obligations of any Transaction Party.  
(nn) Ability to Borrow on Secured Property 
Pursuant to the Security Deed, the Trustee may raise and borrow money on the security of the 
Secured Property or any part of it in order to defray moneys, costs, charges, losses and expenses 
paid or incurred by it in relation to the Security Deed (including the costs of realising any security 
and the remuneration of the Trustee) or in exercise of any of its functions pursuant to the Security 
Deed. The Trustee may raise and borrow such money on such terms as it shall think fit and may 
secure its repayment with interest by mortgaging or otherwise charging all or part of the Secured 
Property whether or not in priority to the Security constituted by or pursuant to the Security Deed 
and generally in such manner and form as the Trustee shall think fit and for such purposes may 
take such action as it shall think fit. 
(oo) Liability of Trustee, Receiver, Attorneys or Agents 
Pursuant to the Security Deed, neither the Trustee nor any receiver or any attorney or agent of the 
Trustee will, by reason of taking possession of any Secured Property or any other reason and 
whether or not as mortgagee in possession, be liable to account for anything except actual receipts 
or be liable for any loss or damage arising from the realisation of such Secured Property or from 
any act or omission in relation to such Secured Property or otherwise unless such loss or damage 
shall be caused by its own fraud. 
(pp) Deficiency Arising from Tax 
Pursuant to the Security Deed, the Trustee will have no responsibility or liability to the Issuer, any 
Securityholder, any Secured Creditor or any Other Creditor as regards any deficiency which might 
arise because the Trustee, the Secured Account Custodian or the Subscription Account Custodian 
is subject to any Tax in respect of any of the Secured Property, any income therefrom and/or the 
proceeds thereof. 
(qq) Indemnity Under the Security Deed 
Pursuant to the Security Deed, without prejudice to the right of indemnity by law given to trustees 
and subject to the provisions of Section 750 of the Companies Act 2006, the Trustee and every 
receiver, attorney, manager, agent or other person appointed by the Trustee under the Security 
Deed will be entitled to be indemnified out of the Secured Property in respect of all liabilities and 
expenses properly incurred by them or him in the execution or purported execution of the trusts or 
of any functions vested in them or him pursuant to the Security Deed and against all actions, 
proceedings, costs, claims and demands in respect of any acts or omissions relating to the Secured 
Property, and the Trustee may retain any part of any moneys in its hands arising from the trusts of 
the Security Deed to pay all sums necessary to effect such indemnity and also the remuneration of 
the Trustee. The Trustee shall have a lien on such Secured Property for all moneys payable to it 
under this Condition 21(qq), the Security Deed or otherwise. The Trustee is not obliged or required 
to take any step or action under or in connection with the ETC Securities, the Security Deed and/or 
any other Transaction Document which may involve it in incurring any personal liability or expense 
unless indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction.

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
(rr) 
No Obligations to Monitor Transaction Parties Under the Security Deed 
In acting as Trustee under the Security Deed, the Trustee will not be obliged to monitor or be liable 
for any failure to monitor the performance by any Transaction Party of its duties and obligations 
under the Transaction Documents to the Issuer or any other or by any other person of its obligations 
to the Issuer. The Trustee may assume that such are being performed unless it shall have actual 
knowledge to the contrary. The Trustee will not be obliged to take any action or step against any 
such Transaction Party or other person unless secured and/or pre-funded and/or indemnified to its 
satisfaction. 
(ss) Validity of the Security 
The Trustee assumes no responsibility for the validity, value, sufficiency or enforceability (which the 
Trustee has not investigated) of the Security purported to be created by the Security Deed. In 
addition, the Trustee has no duty to monitor the performance by the Agents or the Programme 
Counterparty of their obligations to the Issuer nor is it obliged (unless secured and/or pre-funded 
and/or indemnified to its satisfaction) to take any action or step which may involve the Trustee in 
any personal liability or expense. The Trustee will not be liable to any Securityholder, any Secured 
Creditor, any Other Creditor or any other person for any failure to make or cause to be made on its 
behalf the searches, investigations and enquiries which would normally be made by a prudent 
chargee, mortgagee or assignee in relation to the Secured Property. 
(tt) 
Obligations of the Secured Account Custodian, the Subscription Account Custodian 
and any Sub-Custodian(s) 
The Trustee will have no responsibility for the performance by the Secured Account Custodian, the 
Subscription Account Custodian or any Sub-Custodian of any of its respective obligations and will 
not be responsible for any claim arising from the fact that any property comprised in the Secured 
Property is held in safe custody by the Secured Account Custodian, the Subscription Account 
Custodian or any Sub-Custodian(s). The Trustee will have no liability to the Issuer, any 
Securityholder, any Secured Creditor or any Other Creditor as regards any deficiency which may 
arise because all or part of the Secured Property is held by the Secured Account Custodian, 
Subscription Account Custodian or any Sub-Custodian. 
(uu) Voting Rights 
Pursuant to the Security Deed, the Trustee need not exercise any voting or other such rights 
(including the exercise of options) it may have over or in respect of any property comprised in the 
Secured Property unless directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Securityholders and unless 
indemnified and/or pre-funded and/or secured to its satisfaction.  
(vv) [If Bearer Securities, text will apply or be inserted – Forged ETC Securities 
The Trustee will not be liable to the Issuer or any Securityholder, Secured Creditor or Other Creditor 
by reason of having accepted as valid or not having rejected any ETC Security purporting to be 
such and later found to be forged or not authentic.] 
[If Uncertificated Registered Securities or Bearer Securities in CGN form, text will apply or be 
inserted - This Condition is intentionally left blank.] 
22 Relevant Clearing System 
None of the Issuer, the Trustee, the Agents or the Programme Counterparty will have any responsibility 
for the performance by the Relevant Clearing System (or its participants or indirect participants) of any of 
their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations.

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
23 Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the ETC Securities under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 except and to the extent (if any) that the ETC Securities expressly provide 
for such Act to apply to any of their terms. 
24 Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law 
[If Bearer Securities, text will apply or be inserted – The Issue Deed, the Trust Deed, the Security 
Deed and the ETC Securities (including any Global Security), and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with them, are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, English law.] 
[If Uncertificated Registered Securities, text will apply or be inserted – The Trust Deed and the ETC 
Securities, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them, are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Jersey law. The Issue Deed and the 
Security Deed, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them, are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law.] 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
The courts of England are to have non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise 
out of or in connection with any ETC Securities and, accordingly, any legal action or proceedings 
arising out of or in connection with any ETC Securities (“Proceedings”) may be brought in such 
courts. The Issuer irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of such courts and waives any objections 
to Proceedings in such courts on the ground of venue or on the ground that the Proceedings have 
been brought in an inconvenient forum. This submission is for the benefit of each of the Trustee and 
the Securityholders and shall not limit the right of any of them to take Proceedings in any other court 
of competent jurisdiction nor shall the taking of Proceedings in any one or more jurisdictions 
preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not). 
(c) 
Service of Process 
The Issuer shall by executing the Issue Deed irrevocably appoint for the time being the process 
agent specified in the relevant Issue Deed to receive, for it and on its behalf, service of process in 
any Proceedings in England. Service of process on such process agent shall be deemed valid 
service upon the Issuer whether or not it is forwarded to and received by the Issuer. The Issuer shall 
inform the Trustee in writing of any change in its process agent’s address within 28 calendar days 
of such change. If for any reason such process agent ceases to be able to act as such or no longer 
has an address in London, the Issuer irrevocably agrees to appoint a substitute process agent in 
England reasonably acceptable to the Trustee and to deliver to it a copy of the substitute process 
agent’s written acceptance of that appointment, within 14 calendar days.

--- Page 170 ---
170 
Annex 1 to the Master Terms and Conditions of the ETC Securities 
PROVISIONS FOR MEETINGS OF SECURITYHOLDERS 
 
[If Bearer Securities, text will apply or be inserted – 
Interpretation 
1 
In this Annex: 
(a) 
references to a meeting are to a meeting of Securityholders of a single series of ETC Securities and 
include, unless the context otherwise requires, any adjournment of such meeting; 
(b) 
references to “ETC Securities” and “Securityholders” are only to the ETC Securities of the relevant 
Series in respect of which a meeting has been, or is to be, called and to the holders of these ETC 
Securities, respectively; 
(c) 
“agent” means a holder of a voting certificate or a proxy for, or representative of, a Securityholder; 
(d) 
“block voting instruction” means an instruction issued in accordance with paragraphs 9 to 15; 
(e) 
“voting certificate” means a certificate issued in accordance with paragraphs 6, 7, 8 and 15; and 
(f) 
references to persons representing a proportion of the ETC Securities are to Securityholders or 
agents holding or representing in the aggregate at least that proportion in number of the ETC 
Securities for the time being outstanding. 
Powers of Meetings 
2 
A meeting shall, subject to the Conditions and without prejudice to any powers conferred on other persons 
by the relevant Trust Deed, have power by Extraordinary Resolution: 
(a) 
to sanction any proposal by the Issuer or the Trustee for any modification, abrogation, variation or 
compromise of, or arrangement in respect of, the rights of the Securityholders against the Issuer, 
whether or not those rights arise under the relevant Trust Deed or the relevant Security Deed; 
(b) 
to sanction the exchange or substitution for the ETC Securities of, or the conversion of the ETC 
Securities into, shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other entity; 
(c) 
to assent to any modification of the relevant Trust Deed, the relevant Security Deed or the ETC 
Securities proposed by the Issuer or the Trustee; 
(d) 
to authorise anyone to concur in and do anything necessary to carry out and give effect to an 
Extraordinary Resolution; 
(e) 
to give any authority, direction or sanction required to be given by Extraordinary Resolution; 
(f) 
to appoint any persons (whether Securityholders or not) as a committee or committees to represent 
the Securityholders’ interests and to confer on them any powers or discretions which the 
Securityholders could themselves exercise by Extraordinary Resolution; 
(g) 
to approve a proposed new Trustee and to remove a Trustee; 
(h) 
to approve the substitution of any entity for the Issuer (or any previous substitute) as principal debtor 
under the relevant Trust Deed and the relevant Security Deed; and 
(i) 
to discharge or exonerate the Trustee from any liability in respect of any act or omission for which 
it may become responsible under the relevant Trust Deed or the ETC Securities,

--- Page 171 ---
171 
provided that the special quorum provisions in paragraph 19 shall apply to any Extraordinary Resolution 
(a “special quorum resolution”) for the purpose of sub-paragraph (b) or (h), any of the proposals listed 
in Condition 17(a) as being subject to a special quorum resolution or any amendment to this proviso. 
Convening a Meeting 
3 
The Issuer or the Trustee may at any time convene a meeting. If it receives a written request by 
Securityholders holding at least 5 per cent. in number of the ETC Securities of any Series for the time 
being outstanding and is indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction against all costs 
and expenses, the Trustee shall convene a meeting of the Securityholders of that Series. Every meeting 
shall be held at a time and place approved in writing by the Trustee. 
4 
At least 21 calendar days’ prior notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is given and of the day of 
the meeting) shall be given to the Securityholders. A copy of the notice shall be given by the party 
convening the meeting to the other parties. The notice shall specify the day, time and place of the meeting 
and, unless the Trustee otherwise agrees, the nature of the resolutions to be proposed and shall explain 
how Securityholders may appoint proxies or representatives, obtain voting certificates and use block voting 
instructions and the details of the time limits applicable. 
5 
If ETC Securities of the relevant Series are listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange, the location of any 
meeting of Securityholders will be Frankfurt, Germany. Any meeting of Securityholders will be notified to 
the Securityholders by or on behalf of the Issuer at least 21 calendar days prior to the day on which the 
meeting shall take place. Such notice will state the name and the registered office of the Issuer, the nature 
of the business to be transacted at the meeting, the time and place of the meeting and will set out the 
requirements that a Securityholder will have to fulfil in order to attend and vote at the meeting and the 
conditions that apply to the casting of votes. In addition to publication of the notice of any such meeting in 
accordance with the terms of the relevant Trust Deed, the notice of any such meeting must be published 
by the Issuer in the German electronic Federal Gazette (elektronischer Bundesanzeiger) and on the 
website of the Issuer. A non-binding German translation of the English language version of each notice, 
voting certificate and any other documents relating to any such meeting as indicated in the notice 
convening such meeting will be available to Securityholders. 
Arrangements for Voting 
6 
If a holder of a Bearer Security wishes to obtain a voting certificate in respect of it for a meeting, he must 
deposit it for that purpose at least 48 hours before the time fixed for the meeting with a Paying Agent or to 
the order of a Paying Agent with a bank or other depositary nominated by the Paying Agent for the purpose. 
The Paying Agent shall then issue a voting certificate in respect of that Bearer Security.  
For the avoidance of doubt, for so long as the ETC Securities are Bearer Securities represented by a 
Global Security deposited with a Relevant Clearing System and held by the Relevant Clearing System or 
a common depositary, common safekeeper or nominee, as applicable, on behalf of the Relevant Clearing 
System, the holder of the Bearer Securities for the purposes of the preceding paragraph shall be such 
Relevant Clearing System, common depositary, common safekeeper or nominee, as applicable, provided 
that for the purposes of ascertaining who is entitled to attend and vote, or to appoint a proxy to attend and 
vote, at any meeting convened to pass an Extraordinary Resolution (including a special quorum resolution), 
a person who is or persons who are shown in the records of the Relevant Clearing System as a holder or 
holders of ETC Securities represented by a Global Security shall be treated by the Issuer, the Transaction 
Parties and the bearer of such Global Security as though it is or they are the holder or holders of such 
Global Security.

--- Page 172 ---
172 
Voting Certificate 
7 
A voting certificate shall: 
(a) 
be a document in the English language; 
(b) 
be dated; 
(c) 
specify the meeting concerned and the certificate numbers of the ETC Securities deposited; and 
(d) 
entitle, and state that it entitles, its bearer to attend and vote at that meeting in respect of those ETC 
Securities. 
8 
Once a Paying Agent has issued a voting certificate for a meeting in respect of an ETC Security, it shall 
not release the ETC Security until either: 
(a) 
the meeting has been concluded; or 
(b) 
the voting certificate has been surrendered to the Paying Agent. 
Block Voting  
9 
If a holder of a Bearer Security wishes the votes attributable to it to be included in a block voting instruction 
for a meeting, then, at least 48 hours before the time fixed for the meeting, (i) he must deposit the Bearer 
Security for that purpose with a Paying Agent or to the order of a Paying Agent with a bank or other 
depositary nominated by the Paying Agent for the purpose and (ii) he or a duly authorised person on his 
behalf must direct the Paying Agent how those votes are to be cast. The Paying Agent shall issue a block 
voting instruction in respect of the votes attributable to all Bearer Securities so deposited. 
10 
A block voting instruction shall: 
(a) 
be a document in the English language; 
(b) 
be dated; 
(c) 
specify the meeting concerned; 
(d) 
list the total number and serial numbers of the ETC Securities deposited, distinguishing with regard 
to each resolution between those voting for and those voting against it; 
(e) 
certify that such list is in accordance with ETC Securities deposited and directions received as 
provided in paragraphs 9, 12 and 15; and 
(f) 
appoint a named person (a “proxy”) to vote at that meeting in respect of those ETC Securities and 
in accordance with that list. A proxy need not be a Securityholder. 
11 
Once the Issuing and Paying Agent or other relevant Paying Agent has issued a block voting instruction 
for a meeting in respect of the votes attributable to any ETC Securities: 
(a) 
it shall not release the ETC Securities, except as provided in paragraph 12, until the meeting has 
been concluded; and 
(b) 
the directions to which it gives effect may not be revoked or altered during the 48 hours before the 
time fixed for the meeting. 
12 
If the receipt for an ETC Security deposited with the Issuing and Paying Agent or other relevant Paying 
Agent in accordance with paragraph 9 is surrendered to the Issuing and Paying Agent or such other 
relevant Paying Agent, as applicable, at least 48 hours before the time fixed for the meeting, the Issuing 
and Paying Agent or such other relevant Paying Agent, as applicable, shall release the ETC Security and 
exclude the votes attributable to it from the block voting instruction.

--- Page 173 ---
173 
13 
Each block voting instruction shall be deposited at least 24 hours before the time fixed for the meeting at 
such place as the Trustee shall designate or approve, and in default it shall not be valid unless the chairman 
of the meeting decides otherwise before the meeting proceeds to business. If the Trustee requires, a 
notarially certified copy of each block voting instruction shall be produced by the proxy at the meeting but 
the Trustee need not investigate or be concerned with the validity of the proxy’s appointment. 
14 
A vote cast in accordance with a block voting instruction shall be valid even if it or any of the 
Securityholders’ instructions pursuant to which it was executed has previously been revoked or amended, 
unless written intimation of such revocation or amendment is received from the Issuing and Paying Agent 
or other relevant Paying Agent by the Issuer or the Trustee at its registered office or by the chairman of 
the meeting in each case at least 24 hours before the time fixed for the meeting. 
15 
No ETC Security may be deposited with or to the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent or other relevant 
Paying Agent at the same time for the purposes of both paragraph 6 and paragraph 9 for the same meeting. 
Chairman 
16 
The chairman of a meeting shall be such person as the Trustee may nominate in writing, but, if no such 
nomination is made or if the person nominated is not present within 15 minutes after the time fixed for the 
meeting, the Securityholders or agents present shall choose one of their number to be chairman, failing 
which the Issuer may appoint a chairman. The chairman need not be a Securityholder or agent. The 
chairman of an adjourned meeting need not be the same person as the chairman of the original meeting. 
Attendance 
17 
The following may attend and speak at a meeting: 
(a) 
Securityholders and agents; 
(b) 
the chairman; 
(c) 
the Issuer and the Trustee (through their respective representatives) and their respective financial 
and legal advisers; 
(d) 
the Lead Authorised Participant and the relevant Authorised Participant(s) in respect of the relevant 
Series of ETC Securities and their respective legal and financial advisers; and 
(e) 
the Programme Counterparty relating to the relevant Series of ETC Securities and their respective 
legal and financial advisers. 
No one else may attend or speak. 
Quorum and Adjournment 
18 
No business (except choosing a chairman) shall be transacted at a meeting unless a quorum is present at 
the commencement of business. If a quorum is not present within 15 minutes from the time initially fixed 
for the meeting, it shall, if convened on the requisition of Securityholders or if the Issuer and the Trustee 
agree, be dissolved. In any other case, it shall be adjourned until such date, not less than 14 nor more than 
42 calendar days later, and time and place as the chairman may decide (the “adjourned meeting”). If a 
quorum is not present within 15 minutes from the time fixed for a meeting so adjourned, the meeting shall 
be dissolved. 
19 
 
(a) 
At a meeting, one or more Securityholders or agents present in person holding or representing in 
the aggregate not less than 50 per cent. of the aggregate number of ETC Securities of the relevant

--- Page 174 ---
174 
Series outstanding shall form a quorum for the purpose of passing an Extraordinary Resolution at 
such meeting (other than an adjourned meeting or a meeting convened for the purpose of passing 
a special quorum meeting). 
(b) 
At a meeting convened for the purpose of passing a special quorum resolution, the quorum shall be 
one or more Securityholders or agents present in person holding or representing in the aggregate 
not less than 75 per cent. of the aggregate number of ETC Securities of the relevant Series 
outstanding. 
(c) 
At an adjourned meeting, one or more Securityholders or agents present in person holding or 
representing in the aggregate not less than 25 per cent. of the aggregate number of ETC Securities 
of the relevant Series outstanding shall form a quorum for the purpose of passing an Extraordinary 
Resolution at such adjourned meeting (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any special quorum 
resolution). 
20 
The chairman may, with the consent of (and shall if directed by) a meeting, adjourn the meeting from time 
to time and from place to place. Only business which could have been transacted at the original meeting 
may be transacted at a meeting adjourned in accordance with this paragraph 20 or paragraph 18. 
21 
At least 14 calendar days’ prior notice of a meeting adjourned through want of a quorum shall be given in 
the same manner as for an original meeting and that notice shall state the quorum required at the adjourned 
meeting. No notice need, however, otherwise be given of an adjourned meeting. 
Voting 
22 
Each question submitted to a meeting shall be decided by a show of hands unless a poll is (before, or on 
the declaration of the result of, the show of hands) demanded by the chairman, the Issuer, the Trustee or 
one or more persons representing 2 per cent. of the aggregate number of ETC Securities of the relevant 
Series outstanding. 
23 
A resolution (other than a special quorum resolution or an Extraordinary Resolution) shall only be passed 
at a meeting if one or more Securityholders or agents holding or representing in aggregate not less than 
50 per cent. of the votes cast at the meeting vote in favour of passing such resolution. 
24 
Unless a poll is demanded, a declaration by the chairman that a resolution has or has not been passed 
shall be conclusive evidence of the fact, without proof of the number or proportion of the votes cast in 
favour of or against it. 
25 
If a poll is demanded, it shall be taken in such manner and (subject as provided in paragraph 26) either at 
once or after such adjournment as the chairman directs. The result of the poll shall be deemed to be the 
resolution of the meeting at which it was demanded as at the date it was taken. A demand for a poll shall 
not prevent the meeting continuing for the transaction of business other than the question on which it has 
been demanded. 
26 
A poll demanded on the election of a chairman or on a question of adjournment shall be taken at once. 
27 
On a show of hands, every person who is present in person and who produces a Bearer Security or a 
voting certificate or is a proxy or representative has one vote. On a poll, every such person has one vote 
in respect of each ETC Security of such Series of ETC Securities so produced or represented by the voting 
certificate so produced or for which he is a proxy or representative. Without prejudice to the obligations of 
proxies, a person entitled to more than one vote need not use them all or cast them all in the same way. 
Effect and Publication of an Extraordinary Resolution 
28 
An Extraordinary Resolution shall be binding on all the Securityholders, whether or not present at the 
meeting and each of them shall be bound to give effect to it accordingly. The passing of an Extraordinary

--- Page 175 ---
175 
Resolution shall be conclusive evidence that the circumstances justify its being passed. The Issuer shall 
give notice of the passing of an Extraordinary Resolution to Securityholders within 14 calendar days but 
failure to do so shall not invalidate such an Extraordinary Resolution. 
29 
A resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. of the aggregate 
number of ETC Securities outstanding who for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting 
held in accordance with these provisions shall for all purposes be as valid and effectual as an Extraordinary 
Resolution passed at a meeting of such Securityholders duly convened and held in accordance with these 
provisions. Such resolution in writing may be contained in one document or in several documents in like 
form each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Securityholders. 
30 
If ETC Securities are listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange and/or the laws and regulations applicable to 
the ETC Securities require, a copy of each resolution passed shall be published by the Issuer in the 
German electronic Federal Gazette (elektronischer Bundesanzeiger) and on the website maintained for 
the Issuer. 
Minutes 
31 
Minutes shall be made of all resolutions and proceedings at every meeting and, if purporting to be signed 
by the chairman of that meeting or of the next succeeding meeting, shall be conclusive evidence of the 
matters in them. Until the contrary is proved, every meeting for which minutes have been so made and 
signed shall be deemed to have been duly convened and held and all resolutions passed or proceedings 
transacted at it to have been duly passed and transacted. 
32 
If ETC Securities are listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange and/or the laws and regulations applicable to 
the ETC Securities require, a copy of the minutes shall be notarised by a notary. 
Trustee’s Power to Prescribe Regulations 
33 
Subject to all other provisions in the relevant Trust Deed and any laws and regulations applicable to the 
relevant Series of ETC Securities, the Trustee may, without the consent of the Securityholders, prescribe 
such further regulations regarding the holding of meetings and attendance and voting at them as it in its 
sole discretion determines including (without limitation) such requirements as the Trustee thinks 
reasonable to satisfy itself that the persons who purport to make any requisition in accordance with the 
relevant Trust Deed are entitled to do so and as to the form of voting certificates or block voting instructions 
so as to satisfy itself that persons who purport to attend or vote at a meeting are entitled to do so. 
34 
The foregoing provisions of this Annex shall have effect subject to the following provisions: 
(a) 
Meetings of Securityholders of separate Series will normally be held separately. However, the 
Trustee may, from time to time, determine that meetings of Securityholders of separate Series shall 
be held together. 
(b) 
A resolution that in the opinion of the Trustee affects one Series alone shall be deemed to have 
been duly passed if passed at a separate meeting of the Securityholders of the Series concerned. 
(c) 
A resolution that in the opinion of the Trustee affects the Securityholders of more than one Series 
but does not give rise to a conflict of interest between the Securityholders of the different Series 
concerned shall only be deemed to have been duly passed if passed at a single meeting of the 
Securityholders of the relevant Series, provided that, for the purposes of determining the votes a 
Securityholder is entitled to cast pursuant to paragraph 27, each Securityholder shall have one vote 
in respect of each ETC Security held. 
(d) 
A resolution that in the opinion of the Trustee affects the Securityholders of more than one Series 
and gives or may give rise to a conflict of interest between Securityholders of the different Series

--- Page 176 ---
176 
concerned shall be deemed to have been duly passed only if it shall be duly passed at separate 
meetings of the Securityholders of the relevant Series. 
(e) 
To all such meetings as aforesaid, all the preceding provisions of this Annex shall mutatis mutandis 
apply as though references therein to ETC Securities and to Securityholders were references to the 
ETC Securities and Securityholders of the Series concerned.]

--- Page 177 ---
177 
[If Uncertificated Registered Securities, text will apply or be inserted – 
Interpretation 
1 
In this Annex: 
(a) 
references to a meeting are to a meeting of Securityholders of a single series of ETC Securities and 
include, unless the context otherwise requires, any adjournment of such meeting; 
(b) 
references to “ETC Securities” and “Securityholders” are only to the ETC Securities of the relevant 
Series in respect of which a meeting has been, or is to be, called and to the holders of these ETC 
Securities, respectively; 
(c) 
“agent” means a holder of a voting certificate or a proxy for, or representative of, a Securityholder; 
and 
(d) 
references to persons representing a proportion of the ETC Securities are to Securityholders or 
agents holding or representing in the aggregate at least that proportion in number of the ETC 
Securities for the time being outstanding. 
Powers of Meetings 
2 
A meeting shall, subject to the Conditions and without prejudice to any powers conferred on other persons 
by the relevant Trust Deed, have power by Extraordinary Resolution: 
(a) 
to sanction any proposal by the Issuer or the Trustee for any modification, abrogation, variation or 
compromise of, or arrangement in respect of, the rights of the Securityholders against the Issuer, 
whether or not those rights arise under the relevant Trust Deed or the relevant Security Deed; 
(b) 
to sanction the exchange or substitution for the ETC Securities of, or the conversion of the ETC 
Securities into, shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other entity; 
(c) 
to assent to any modification of the relevant Trust Deed, the relevant Security Deed or the ETC 
Securities proposed by the Issuer or the Trustee; 
(d) 
to authorise anyone to concur in and do anything necessary to carry out and give effect to an 
Extraordinary Resolution; 
(e) 
to give any authority, direction or sanction required to be given by Extraordinary Resolution; 
(f) 
to appoint any persons (whether Securityholders or not) as a committee or committees to represent 
the Securityholders’ interests and to confer on them any powers or discretions which the 
Securityholders could themselves exercise by Extraordinary Resolution; 
(g) 
to approve a proposed new Trustee and to remove a Trustee; 
(h) 
to approve the substitution of any entity for the Issuer (or any previous substitute) as principal debtor 
under the relevant Trust Deed and the relevant Security Deed; and 
(i) 
to discharge or exonerate the Trustee from any liability in respect of any act or omission for which 
it may become responsible under the relevant Trust Deed or the ETC Securities, 
provided that the special quorum provisions in paragraph 11 shall apply to any Extraordinary Resolution 
(a “special quorum resolution”) for the purpose of sub-paragraph (b) or (h), any of the proposals listed 
in Condition 17(a) as being subject to a special quorum resolution or any amendment to this proviso.

--- Page 178 ---
178 
Convening a Meeting 
3 
The Issuer or the Trustee may at any time convene a meeting. If it receives a written request by 
Securityholders holding at least 5 per cent. in number of the ETC Securities of any Series for the time 
being outstanding and is indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction against all costs 
and expenses, the Trustee shall convene a meeting of the Securityholders of that Series. Every meeting 
shall be held at a time and place approved in writing by the Trustee. 
4 
At least 21 calendar days’ prior notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is given and of the day of 
the meeting) shall be given to the Securityholders. A copy of the notice shall be given by the party 
convening the meeting to the other parties. The notice shall specify the day, time and place of the meeting 
and, unless the Trustee otherwise agrees, the nature of the resolutions to be proposed and shall explain 
how Securityholders may appoint proxies or representatives and the details of the time limits applicable. 
Arrangements for Voting 
5 
A holder of an Uncertificated Registered Security may, by an instrument in writing in the form available 
from the specified office of the Registrar or the Transfer Agent (as the case may be) in the English language 
executed by or on behalf of the holder and delivered to the Registrar or the Transfer Agent (as the case 
may be) at least 48 hours before the time fixed for a meeting, appoint any person (a “proxy”) to act on his 
behalf in connection with that meeting. A proxy need not be a Securityholder. 
6 
A corporation which holds an Uncertificated Registered Security may by delivering to the Registrar or the 
Transfer Agent (as the case may be) at least 48 hours before the time fixed for a meeting a certificated 
copy of a resolution of its directors or other governing body (with, if it is not in English, a certified translation 
into English) authorise any person to act as its representative (a “representative”) in connection with that 
meeting. 
7 
Any proxy or sub-proxy so appointed or representative so appointed shall, so long as such appointment 
remains in full force, be deemed, for all purposes in connection with the relevant meeting or adjourned 
meeting of the Securityholders, to be the holder of the Uncertificated Registered Securities to which such 
appointment relates and the holder of the ETC Securities shall be deemed for such purposes not to be the 
holder or owner, respectively. 
Chairman 
8 
The chairman of a meeting shall be such person as the Trustee may nominate in writing, but, if no such 
nomination is made or if the person nominated is not present within 15 minutes after the time fixed for the 
meeting, the Securityholders or agents present shall choose one of their number to be chairman, failing 
which the Issuer may appoint a chairman. The chairman need not be a Securityholder or agent. The 
chairman of an adjourned meeting need not be the same person as the chairman of the original meeting. 
Attendance 
9 
The following may attend and speak at a meeting: 
(a) 
Securityholders and agents and their proxies or representatives; 
(b) 
the chairman; 
(c) 
the Issuer and the Trustee (through their respective representatives) and their respective financial 
and legal advisers; 
(d) 
the Lead Authorised Participant and the relevant Authorised Participant(s) in respect of the relevant 
Series of ETC Securities and their respective legal and financial advisers; and

--- Page 179 ---
179 
(e) 
the Programme Counterparty relating to the relevant Series of ETC Securities and their respective 
legal and financial advisers. 
No one else may attend or speak. 
Quorum and Adjournment 
10 
No business (except choosing a chairman) shall be transacted at a meeting unless a quorum is present at 
the commencement of business. If a quorum is not present within 15 minutes from the time initially fixed 
for the meeting, it shall, if convened on the requisition of Securityholders or if the Issuer and the Trustee 
agree, be dissolved. In any other case, it shall be adjourned until such date, not less than 14 nor more than 
42 calendar days later, and time and place as the chairman may decide (the “adjourned meeting”). If a 
quorum is not present within 15 minutes from the time fixed for a meeting so adjourned, the meeting shall 
be dissolved. 
11 
 
(a) 
At a meeting, one or more Securityholders or agents present in person holding or representing in 
the aggregate not less than 50 per cent. of the aggregate number of ETC Securities of the relevant 
Series outstanding shall form a quorum for the purpose of passing an Extraordinary Resolution at 
such meeting (other than an adjourned meeting or a meeting convened for the purpose of passing 
a special quorum meeting). 
(b) 
At a meeting convened for the purpose of passing a special quorum resolution, the quorum shall be 
one or more Securityholders or agents present in person holding or representing in the aggregate 
not less than 75 per cent. of the aggregate number of ETC Securities of the relevant Series 
outstanding. 
(c) 
At an adjourned meeting, one or more Securityholders or agents present in person holding or 
representing in the aggregate not less than 25 per cent. of the aggregate number of ETC Securities 
of the relevant Series outstanding shall form a quorum for the purpose of passing an Extraordinary 
Resolution at such adjourned meeting (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any special quorum 
resolution). 
12 
The chairman may, with the consent of (and shall if directed by) a meeting, adjourn the meeting from time 
to time and from place to place. Only business which could have been transacted at the original meeting 
may be transacted at a meeting adjourned in accordance with this paragraph 12 or paragraph 10. 
13 
At least 14 calendar days’ prior notice of a meeting adjourned through want of a quorum shall be given in 
the same manner as for an original meeting and that notice shall state the quorum required at the adjourned 
meeting. No notice need, however, otherwise be given of an adjourned meeting. 
Voting 
14 
Each question submitted to a meeting shall be decided by a show of hands unless a poll is (before, or on 
the declaration of the result of, the show of hands) demanded by the chairman, the Issuer, the Trustee or 
one or more persons representing 2 per cent. of the aggregate number of ETC Securities of the relevant 
Series outstanding. 
15 
A resolution (other than a special quorum resolution or an Extraordinary Resolution) shall only be passed 
at a meeting if one or more Securityholders or agents holding or representing in aggregate not less than 
50 per cent. of the votes cast at the meeting vote in favour of passing such resolution. 
16 
Unless a poll is demanded, a declaration by the chairman that a resolution has or has not been passed 
shall be conclusive evidence of the fact, without proof of the number or proportion of the votes cast in 
favour of or against it.

--- Page 180 ---
180 
17 
If a poll is demanded, it shall be taken in such manner and (subject as provided in paragraph 18) either at 
once or after such adjournment as the chairman directs. The result of the poll shall be deemed to be the 
resolution of the meeting at which it was demanded as at the date it was taken. A demand for a poll shall 
not prevent the meeting continuing for the transaction of business other than the question on which it has 
been demanded. 
18 
A poll demanded on the election of a chairman or on a question of adjournment shall be taken at once. 
19 
On a show of hands, every person who is present in person and who is a proxy or representative has one 
vote. On a poll every such person has one vote in respect of each ETC Security of such Series of ETC 
Securities for which he is a proxy or representative. Without prejudice to the obligations of proxies, a person 
entitled to more than one vote need not use them all or cast them all in the same way. 
Effect and Publication of an Extraordinary Resolution 
20 
An Extraordinary Resolution shall be binding on all the Securityholders, whether or not present at the 
meeting and each of them shall be bound to give effect to it accordingly. The passing of an Extraordinary 
Resolution shall be conclusive evidence that the circumstances justify its being passed. The Issuer shall 
give notice of the passing of an Extraordinary Resolution to Securityholders within 14 calendar days but 
failure to do so shall not invalidate such an Extraordinary Resolution. 
21 
A resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. of the aggregate 
number of ETC Securities outstanding who for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting 
held in accordance with these provisions shall for all purposes be as valid and effectual as an Extraordinary 
Resolution passed at a meeting of such Securityholders duly convened and held in accordance with these 
provisions. Such resolution in writing may be contained in one document or in several documents in like 
form each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Securityholders. 
Minutes 
22 
Minutes shall be made of all resolutions and proceedings at every meeting and, if purporting to be signed 
by the chairman of that meeting or of the next succeeding meeting, shall be conclusive evidence of the 
matters in them. Until the contrary is proved every meeting for which minutes have been so made and 
signed shall be deemed to have been duly convened and held and all resolutions passed or proceedings 
transacted at it to have been duly passed and transacted. 
Trustee’s Power to Prescribe Regulations 
23 
Subject to all other provisions in the relevant Trust Deed and any laws and regulations applicable to the 
relevant Series of ETC Securities, the Trustee may, without the consent of the Securityholders, prescribe 
such further regulations regarding the holding of meetings and attendance and voting at them as it in its 
sole discretion determines including (without limitation) such requirements as the Trustee thinks 
reasonable to satisfy itself that the persons who purport to make any requisition in accordance with the 
relevant Trust Deed are entitled to do so and so as to satisfy itself that persons who purport to attend or 
vote at a meeting are entitled to do so. 
24 
The foregoing provisions of this Annex shall have effect subject to the following provisions: 
(a) 
Meetings of Securityholders of separate Series will normally be held separately. However, the 
Trustee may, from time to time, determine that meetings of Securityholders of separate Series shall 
be held together. 
(b) 
A resolution that in the opinion of the Trustee affects one Series alone shall be deemed to have 
been duly passed if passed at a separate meeting of the Securityholders of the Series concerned.

--- Page 181 ---
181 
(c) 
A resolution that in the opinion of the Trustee affects the Securityholders of more than one Series 
but does not give rise to a conflict of interest between the Securityholders of the different Series 
concerned shall only be deemed to have been duly passed if passed at a single meeting of the 
Securityholders of the relevant Series, provided that, for the purposes of determining the votes a 
Securityholder is entitled to cast pursuant to paragraph 19, each Securityholder shall have one vote 
in respect of each ETC Security held. 
(d) 
A resolution that in the opinion of the Trustee affects the Securityholders of more than one Series 
and gives or may give rise to a conflict of interest between Securityholders of the different Series 
concerned shall be deemed to have been duly passed only if it shall be duly passed at separate 
meetings of the Securityholders of the relevant Series. 
(e) 
To all such meetings as aforesaid, all the preceding provisions of this Annex shall mutatis mutandis 
apply as though references therein to ETC Securities and to Securityholders were references to the 
ETC Securities and Securityholders of the Series concerned.]

--- Page 182 ---
182 
FURTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING CERTAIN TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
The following is a summary of certain provisions of certain Transaction Documents relating to the 
Programme and the ETC Securities and should be read in conjunction with the rest of this Base 
Prospectus. The summaries below are of certain provisions of the Transaction Documents and do not 
purport to be complete and are subject to the detailed provisions of the relevant Transaction Documents. 
Capitalised terms used in the summaries below but not defined therein shall have the meanings given to 
such terms in Conditions. 
Issue Deed 
The Issue Deed relating to a Series of ETC Securities will be dated on or about the Series Issue Date of 
such ETC Securities and will be entered into by the Issuer, the Trustee and the other parties named therein. 
The Issue Deed is entered into for the purpose of constituting and securing the relevant Series of ETC 
Securities and sets out the terms of the Transaction Documents relating to such Series of ETC Securities. 
Under the terms of the Issue Deed relating to a Series of ETC Securities, the execution of the Issue Deed 
will constitute the Trust Deed, the Security Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Custody Agreement for 
Secured Accounts, the Custody Agreement for the Subscription Account, the Determination Agent 
Agreement, the Authorised Participant Agreement, the Metal Agent Agreement and the Balancing 
Agreement for such Series of ETC Securities on the terms set out in the Issue Deed.  
Trust Deed 
Provisions Relating to the Issuer and the Trustee 
The Trust Deed relating to a Series of ETC Securities will be entered into as a deed by the Issuer, the 
Trustee and each other party thereto upon the execution of the Issue Deed. The Issue Deed will incorporate 
and may amend and/or supplement, depending on whether the ETC Securities are Bearer Securities or 
Uncertificated Registered Securities, either the Master Trust Terms for Bearer Securities or the Master 
Trust Terms for Uncertificated Registered Securities. The relevant Trust Deed contains the provisions 
setting out the various obligations of the Issuer and the Trustee with respect to the relevant Series of ETC 
Securities. Each Trust Deed relating to a Series of ETC Securities in bearer form will be governed by and 
construed in accordance with English law. Each Trust Deed relating to a Series of ETC Securities in 
uncertificated dematerialised form will be governed by and construed in accordance with Jersey law. 
The relevant Trust Deed will constitute the ETC Securities of the relevant Series and will set out the 
covenants of the Issuer, including, inter alia, its covenant to pay, provisions relating to its duty to provide 
various persons with information, to prepare and display certain information, only to do such things as are 
contemplated within the relevant Trust Deed (most importantly, in relation to the issue of the ETC 
Securities) and its duties with respect to its obligations under the ETC Securities. 
Each Trust Deed will also set out the basis for the remuneration and indemnification of the Trustee in 
respect of its duties, the conditions for appointment, retirement and removal and contains provisions which 
are supplemental to certain statutory provisions and which set out the powers of the Trustee and the extent 
of its duties. The Trustee in respect of a Series of ETC Securities may retire upon giving not less than 60 
calendar day’s prior written notice to the Issuer, and the Securityholders may by Extraordinary Resolution 
remove any Trustee, provided that the retirement or removal of a sole trust corporation will not be effective 
until a trust corporation is appointed as successor Trustee. If the sole trust corporation in respect of a 
Series of ETC Securities gives notice of retirement or an Extraordinary Resolution is passed for its removal, 
the Issuer will use all reasonable endeavours to procure that another trust corporation is appointed as the 
Trustee for such Series but if it fails to do so before the expiry of such 60 calendar day notice period, the 
Trustee will have the power to appoint a new Trustee.

--- Page 183 ---
183 
Security Deed 
By executing the relevant Issue Deed, the Issuer and the Trustee will be deemed to have entered into an 
English law governed security deed in relation to the relevant Series of ETC Securities on the terms set 
out in the relevant version of the Master Security Terms as amended or supplemented by such Issue Deed. 
The Security in respect of a Series of ETC Securities is constituted pursuant to the Security Deed relating 
to such Series and the Security Deed will set out, inter alia, provisions relating to the creation and 
enforcement of the Security, the appointment of receivers, the rights of the Trustee in relation to Secured 
Property and provisions relating to the application of the net proceeds derived from the realisation of the 
Secured Property (whether by way of liquidation or enforcement). See Condition 7 for a description of the 
terms of the Security. 
Agency Agreement 
By executing the relevant Issue Deed, the Issuer will be deemed to have entered into an English law 
governed agency agreement in relation to the ETC Securities on the terms set out in the relevant version 
of the Master Agency Terms as amended or supplemented by such Issue Deed with each person executing 
the Issue Deed in the capacity of Issuing and Paying Agent, Determination Agent, Trustee, Paying Agent, 
Registrar and Transfer Agent (as applicable). The Agency Agreement sets out the duties and obligations 
of the Issuing and Paying Agent, each other Paying Agent (as applicable) and, if applicable, the Transfer 
Agent and the Registrar in relation to (i) the issue, payment, replacement, cancellation and listing of the 
ETC Securities, (ii) the exchange of Global Securities for Definitive Securities (if applicable), and (iii) the 
basis for the remuneration and indemnification of such agents in respect of their respective duties. The 
Agency Agreement also sets out the terms for the appointment, resignation (by at least 60 calendar days’ 
prior notice to the Issuer, the Trustee and the Issuing and Paying Agent) and termination of the appointment 
of the Issuing and Paying Agent and, as applicable, any Paying Agent, the Registrar and any Transfer 
Agent (by at least 60 calendar days’ prior notice from the Issuer or on the occurrence of certain events, 
such as where such agent becomes incapable of acting, is dissolved, is adjudged bankrupt or insolvent, 
files for bankruptcy, makes a general assignment, arrangement or composition for the benefit of its 
creditors, consents to the appointment of a receiver, administrator or similar official or a resolution is 
passed for its winding up, official management, liquidation or dissolution).  
Custody Agreement for Secured Accounts  
By executing the relevant Issue Deed, the Issuer, the Trustee, the Programme Counterparty, the 
Determination Agent, the Secured Account Custodian and the Metal Agent will be deemed to have entered 
into an English law governed custody agreement for secured accounts in relation to the ETC Securities on 
the terms set out in the relevant version of the Master Custody Terms for Secured Accounts as amended 
or supplemented by such Issue Deed. Each Custody Agreement for Secured Accounts sets out the duties 
of the Secured Account Custodian in relation to the relevant Series of ETC Securities, including, inter alia: 
(i) 
the obligation to establish and maintain (a) a segregated account in the name of the Issuer 
referencing the relevant Series of ETC Securities for the deposit of Metal in allocated form to be 
held for the Issuer and (b) a segregated account in the name of the Issuer referencing the relevant 
Series of ETC Securities for the deposit of Metal in unallocated form to be held for the Issuer; and 
(ii) 
in the case of metal in allocated form, to segregate the Metal transferred to it or keep any Metal 
deposited pursuant to the relevant Custody Agreement for Secured Accounts separately identified 
from that deposited with it in relation to any other Series of ETC Securities. 
Each Custody Agreement for Secured Accounts relating to a Series of ETC Securities provides, inter alia, 
that the Secured Account Custodian will use all reasonable care in the performance of its duties but it will 
not be responsible for any loss or damage suffered by any party as a result of the Secured Account

--- Page 184 ---
184 
Custodian performing its duties under the Custody Agreement for Secured Accounts unless such loss or 
damage results from the fraud, bad faith, negligence or wilful default of the Secured Account Custodian. 
None of the Secured Account Custodian or any Sub-Custodian will have any obligation towards or 
relationship of agency or trust with the holder of any ETC Security. 
Pursuant to the terms of each Custody Agreement for Secured Accounts, the Secured Account Custodian 
waives any right it has to acquire, combine, consolidate or merge any of the accounts established and 
maintained by it in relation to the relevant Series of ETC Securities with any other account and agrees that 
it may not set-off, transfer, combine, consolidate or withhold delivery of any property standing to the credit 
of any such account towards any liabilities to it. 
Each Custody Agreement for Secured Accounts relating to a Series of ETC Securities provides that the 
Secured Account Custodian may hold Metal in allocated form received, delivered or deposited with it in 
relation to a Series of ETC Securities with any of its offices or branches or with any Sub-Custodian 
(selected with reasonable skill, care and diligence) provided that the Secured Account Custodian, inter 
alia: 
(i) 
identifies such property in its books; and 
(ii) 
uses reasonable endeavours to procure that any such Sub-Custodian establishes and maintains 
one or more segregated account(s) or sub-account(s) in the name of the Secured Account 
Custodian referencing the Issuer and the relevant Series of ETC Securities; acknowledges and 
agrees that all property deposited with or received by it is to be held for the Secured Account 
Custodian on behalf of the Issuer; maintains full and complete records and separately identifies 
such property in its books and records and acknowledges the security in favour of the Trustee. 
Each Custody Agreement for Secured Accounts relating to a Series of ETC Securities provides that the 
Secured Account Custodian will hold Metal in unallocated form deposited with it in relation to a Series of 
ETC Securities in an account established at its London branch. 
Each Custody Agreement for Secured Accounts relating to a Series of ETC Securities will set out the basis 
for the remuneration and indemnification of the Secured Account Custodian in respect of its duties. The 
relevant Custody Agreement for Secured Accounts will set out the conditions for appointment, resignation 
(upon 60 calendar days’ prior notice to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Issuing and Paying Agent and the 
Programme Counterparty) and termination of the appointment of the Secured Account Custodian (by the 
Issuer upon 60 calendar days’ prior notice or automatically upon the occurrence of a Custodian Bankruptcy 
Event). 
Pursuant to the terms of the Custody Agreement for Secured Accounts, the Secured Account Custodian 
has no duty or obligation to insure any property held or received by it for the Issuer against any risk 
(including the risk of theft, loss, damage, destruction or misdelivery). The Secured Account Custodian will 
not be liable for any loss, destruction or depreciation in the value of any Secured Property held or received 
by it unless such loss, destruction or depreciation is the direct result of the Secured Account Custodian’s 
negligence, fraud, bad faith or wilful misconduct. The Secured Account Custodian is not responsible for 
the acts, omissions, defaults or insolvency of any third party including, but not limited to, any Sub-
Custodian, broker or counterparty. The Secured Account Custodian is only responsible for losses suffered 
by the Issuer as a direct result of its negligence, fraud, bad faith or wilful default in the appointment and 
monitoring of any non-affiliated Sub-Custodian. Otherwise, the Secured Account Custodian will not be 
liable for any act or omission, or for the solvency, of any non-affiliated Sub-Custodian. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, the Secured Account Custodian accepts the same level of responsibility as it does for itself for 
companies controlled by it whose business consists solely of acting as a nominee holder of investments 
or other property in respect of any requirements of the rules of the FCA as set out in the FCA Handbook 
of Rules and Guidance as amended, varied or instituted from time to time as from time to time in effect. In 
the case of any act or omission on the part of a Sub-Custodian or its agent relating to Secured Property in 
the form of Metal, which the Issuer considers to involve negligence, fraud, bad faith or wilful default on the

--- Page 185 ---
185 
part of such Sub-Custodian or agent, the Secured Account Custodian agrees to assign to the Issuer any 
rights it may have in respect of such act or omission and any Metal comprising the Secured Property. In 
the event that the Issuer obtains legal advice that such assignment would be ineffective to enable the 
Issuer to pursue its claim, then the Secured Account Custodian may, subject to being prefunded, 
indemnified or secured to its satisfaction, claim and pursue the appropriate damages or compensation 
from the Sub-Custodian or agent on the Issuer’s behalf. 
The Secured Account Custodian will not be liable in respect of anything done or suffered by it in reliance 
on any instruction, notice, agreement or other document or information from any electronic or other source 
reasonably believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or otherwise given or disseminated by 
the proper parties in each case received by it in connection with the performance of its duties under the 
Custody Agreement for Secured Accounts. The Secured Account Custodian is entitled to rely, in the 
absence of manifest error, upon the accuracy and completeness of information supplied to it by any party 
pursuant to the Custody Agreement for Secured Accounts and has no obligation to enquire as to the 
adequacy, accuracy or sufficiency of any such information and the Secured Account Custodian will not 
incur any liability to any person as a result of such reliance. The Secured Account Custodian has no 
obligation to notify anyone of the execution of the Issue Deed or any other Transaction Document or do 
anything to find out if an Event of Default, or a Potential Event of Default or an Early Redemption Event 
has occurred or if the Security relating to the relevant Series of ETC Securities has become enforceable. 
Until it has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary, the Secured Account Custodian may 
assume that no such event has occurred and that the Issuer and all other Transaction Parties are 
performing all their respective obligations under the ETC Securities and the other Transaction Documents. 
The Secured Account Custodian is not responsible for monitoring or supervising the performance by any 
other person of its obligations to the Issuer and may assume these are being so performed unless and 
until it has actual knowledge to the contrary. The Secured Account Custodian will not be responsible for 
any errors made by the Issuer, the Trustee, the Determination Agent, any Programme Counterparty or any 
Metal Agent or any other Transaction Party or any agent thereof in giving instructions or for the negligence, 
default, fraud, bad faith, wilful default or other failure of any of them. 
Custody Agreement for the Subscription Account 
By executing the relevant Issue Deed, the Issuer, the Trustee, the Programme Counterparty, the 
Determination Agent and the Subscription Account Custodian will be deemed to have entered into an 
English law governed custody agreement in relation to the ETC Securities on the terms set out in the 
relevant version of the Master Custody Terms for the Subscription Account as amended or supplemented 
by such Issue Deed. Each Custody Agreement for the Subscription Account sets out the duties of the 
Subscription Account Custodian in relation to the relevant Series of ETC Securities, including the obligation 
to establish and maintain a segregated account in the name of the Issuer referencing the relevant Series 
of ETC Securities for the deposit of Metal in unallocated form to be held for the Issuer. 
Each Custody Agreement for the Subscription Account relating to a Series of ETC Securities provides, 
inter alia, that the Subscription Account Custodian will use all reasonable care in the performance of its 
duties but it will not be responsible for any loss or damage suffered by any party as a result of the 
Subscription Account Custodian performing its duties under the Custody Agreement for the Subscription 
Account unless such loss or damage results from the fraud, bad faith, negligence or wilful default of the 
Subscription Account Custodian. The Subscription Account Custodian will not have any obligation towards 
or relationship of agency or trust with the holder of any ETC Security. 
Pursuant to the terms of each Custody Agreement for the Subscription Account, the Subscription Account 
Custodian waives any right it has to acquire, combine, consolidate or merge the Subscription Account 
established and maintained by it in relation to the relevant Series of ETC Securities with any other account 
of the Issuer and agrees that it may not set-off, transfer, combine, consolidate or withhold delivery of any 
property standing to the credit of any such account towards any liabilities to it.

--- Page 186 ---
186 
Each Custody Agreement for the Subscription Account relating to a Series of ETC Securities provides that 
the Subscription Account Custodian will hold Metal in unallocated form deposited with it in relation to a 
Series of ETC Securities in an account established at its London branch. 
Each Custody Agreement for the Subscription Account relating to a Series of ETC Securities will set out 
the basis for the remuneration and indemnification of the Subscription Account Custodian in respect of its 
duties. The relevant Custody Agreement for the Subscription Account will set out the conditions for 
appointment, resignation (upon 60 calendar days’ prior notice to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Issuing and 
Paying Agent and each Authorised Participant) and termination of the appointment of the Subscription 
Account Custodian (by the Issuer upon 60 calendar days’ prior notice or automatically upon the occurrence 
of a Custodian Bankruptcy Event in respect of the Subscription Account Custodian). 
Pursuant to the terms of the Custody Agreement for the Subscription Account, the Subscription Account 
Custodian has no duty or obligation to insure any property held or received by it for the Issuer against any 
risk (including the risk of theft, loss, damage, destruction or misdelivery). The Subscription Account 
Custodian will not be liable for any loss, destruction or depreciation in the value of any Metal held or 
received by it unless such loss, destruction or depreciation is the direct result of the Subscription Account 
Custodian’s negligence, fraud, bad faith or wilful misconduct. The Subscription Account Custodian is not 
responsible for the acts, omissions, defaults or insolvency of any third party including, but not limited to, 
any broker or counterparty. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Subscription Account Custodian accepts 
the same level of responsibility as it does for itself for companies controlled by it whose business consists 
solely of acting as a nominee holder of investments or other property in respect of any requirements of the 
rules of the FCA as set out in the FCA Handbook of Rules and Guidance as amended, varied or instituted 
from time to time as from time to time in effect. 
The Subscription Account Custodian will not be liable in respect of anything done or suffered by it in 
reliance on any instruction, notice, agreement or other document or information from any electronic or 
other source reasonably believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or otherwise given or 
disseminated by the proper parties in each case received by it in connection with the performance of its 
duties under the Custody Agreement for the Subscription Account. The Subscription Account Custodian is 
entitled to rely, in the absence of manifest error, upon the accuracy and completeness of information 
supplied to it by any party pursuant to the Custody Agreement for the Subscription Account and has no 
obligation to enquire as to the adequacy, accuracy or sufficiency of any such information and the 
Subscription Account Custodian will not incur any liability to any person as a result of such reliance. The 
Subscription Account Custodian has no obligation to notify anyone of the execution of the Issue Deed or 
any other Transaction Document or do anything to find out if an Event of Default, or a Potential Event of 
Default or an Early Redemption Event has occurred or if the Security relating to the relevant Series of ETC 
Securities has become enforceable. Until it has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary, the 
Subscription Account Custodian may assume that no such event has occurred and that the Issuer and all 
other Transaction Parties are performing all their respective obligations under the ETC Securities and the 
other Transaction Documents. The Subscription Account Custodian is not responsible for monitoring or 
supervising the performance by any other person of its obligations to the Issuer and may assume these 
are being so performed unless and until it has actual knowledge to the contrary. The Subscription Account 
Custodian will not be responsible for any errors made by the Issuer, the Trustee, the Issuing and Paying 
Agent, the Determination Agent, any Programme Counterparty or any Authorised Participant or any other 
Transaction Party or any agent thereof in giving instructions or for the negligence, default, fraud, bad faith, 
wilful default or other failure of any of them. 
Determination Agent Agreement 
By executing the relevant Issue Deed, the Issuer will be deemed to have entered into an English law 
governed determination agent agreement in relation to the relevant Series of ETC Securities on the terms 
set out in the relevant version of the Master Determination Agent Terms, as amended or supplemented by

--- Page 187 ---
187 
such Issue Deed with the persons executing the Issue Deed in the capacity of Determination Agent, 
Programme Counterparty, Lead Authorised Participant, Secured Account Custodian, Subscription Account 
Custodian, Trustee and Issuing and Paying Agent. The Determination Agent Agreement sets out the 
respective duties and obligations of the Determination Agent and the Programme Counterparty in relation 
to the relevant Series of ETC Securities and the basis for their respective liability, remuneration and 
indemnification. Each Determination Agent Agreement sets out the conditions for appointment, resignation 
and termination of the Determination Agent and the Programme Counterparty.  
The Issuer may at any time vary the appointment of the Determination Agent or terminate the appointment 
of any Determination Agent relating to a Series of ETC Securities on giving the Determination Agent 
(copied to each other Transaction Party (other than the Authorised Participant(s) and the Lead Authorised 
Participant)) not less than 60 calendar days’ prior notice to that effect. Any variation in the appointment of 
the Determination Agent will not be effective unless the Determination Agent has consented to such 
variation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer may, at any time, terminate the appointment of a 
Determination Agent with immediate effect if: (i) the Determination Agent commits any material breach of 
its obligations under the relevant Determination Agent Agreement and, to the extent such breach is capable 
of being remedied, the Determination Agent fails to cure such breach within 15 calendar days of its 
becoming aware of, or its receiving notice from the Issuer, the Trustee or the Programme Counterparty of 
such breach or (ii) the Determination Agent commits any breach of its obligations under the relevant 
Determination Agent Agreement and, to the extent such breach is capable of being remedied, the 
Determination Agent fails to cure such breach within 30 calendar days of its becoming aware of, or its 
receiving notice from the Issuer, the Trustee or the Programme Counterparty of such breach. 
Under the Determination Agent Agreement the Issuer will authorise the Programme Counterparty in its 
capacity as the Issuer’s agent to exercise the rights of the Issuer to terminate the appointment of the 
Determination Agent in respect of the relevant Series of ETC Securities pursuant to the preceding 
paragraph, provided that the Programme Counterparty can only exercise such rights on behalf of the Issuer 
where the Programme Counterparty (i) reasonably determines that the Determination Agent is not 
performing its duties and obligations under the Relevant Provisions on the terms expressly provided 
therein, (ii) has reasonable cause to believe that the Determination Agent will not perform or will not be 
able to perform its duties and obligations under the Relevant Provisions on the terms expressly provided 
therein; and/or (iii) the Determination Agent indicates that it has not been or will not be able to perform its 
duties and obligations under the Relevant Provisions on the terms expressly provided therein. The 
Programme Counterparty will not be liable to the Issuer, the Securityholders, any Transaction Party or any 
other person for any calculations, determinations (or any delay in making any calculation or determination), 
actions or omissions made by the Programme Counterparty in connection with the performance of the 
duties and obligations of the Determination Agent pursuant to Condition 13(d)(ii) and the Determination 
Agent Agreement unless fraudulent or made in bad faith. 
The Determination Agent in respect of a Series of ETC Securities may resign its appointment at any time 
without giving any reason by giving the Issuer and the Transaction Parties at least 60 calendar days’ prior 
notice to that effect. 
Without prejudice to the automatic termination of a Determination Agent in connection with a Determination 
Agent Bankruptcy Event, no resignation or termination of the appointment of a Determination Agent will 
take effect until a replacement Determination Agent (which will be a reputable entity that provides 
administration and/or collateral management services of a similar type to those required of the 
Determination Agent under the relevant Determination Agent Agreement or a leading bank or investment 
banking firm engaged in the interbank market, or, if appropriate, money, precious metals or foreign 
exchange market) has been appointed; provided that if the Issuer fails within a period of 45 calendar days 
of notice of resignation given pursuant to the preceding paragraph to appoint a successor to such 
Determination Agent, the resigning Determination Agent will be entitled to select such an entity and

--- Page 188 ---
188 
provided such entity is acceptable to the Issuer and the Trustee the Issuer will appoint such entity as 
successor Determination Agent.  
The appointment of a Determination Agent will terminate forthwith if a Determination Agent Bankruptcy 
Event occurs with respect to such Determination Agent.  
The following paragraphs are a summary of certain provisions of the Determination Agent Agreement with 
respect to the Programme Counterparty. Equivalent provisions with respect to the Determination Agent 
are described in Condition 13(f). 
The Programme Counterparty in respect of a Series of ETC Securities may resign its appointment at any 
time without giving any reason by giving the Issuer and the Transaction Parties at least 60 calendar days’ 
prior notice to that effect. Any such resignation of the Programme Counterparty will not take effect until a 
replacement Programme Counterparty (which is required to be a leading bank or investment banking firm 
engaged in the interbank market, or, if appropriate, money, precious metals or foreign exchange market) 
has been appointed; provided that if the Issuer fails within a period of 30 calendar days from the date of 
the relevant notice of resignation by the Programme Counterparty to appoint a successor to such 
Programme Counterparty, the Programme Counterparty is entitled to select a leading bank or investment 
banking firm engaged in the interbank market, or, if appropriate, money, precious metals or foreign 
exchange market acceptable to the Issuer and the Trustee to act as successor Programme Counterparty 
and the Issuer will appoint that bank or firm as the successor Programme Counterparty.  
The Programme Counterparty will have no duties or responsibilities except those expressly set forth in the 
relevant Determination Agent Agreement, the Conditions and any Transaction Document to which it is a 
party and no implied or inferred duties or obligations of any kind will be read into the relevant Determination 
Agent Agreement against or on the part of the Programme Counterparty. The Programme Counterparty 
will not, and will not be deemed to, assume or be liable for the obligations or duties of the Issuer or any 
other person under the Conditions, the Trust Deed or any other Transaction Document. 
The Programme Counterparty will not incur any liability to any person in acting upon any ETC Security, 
signature, or other document or information from any electronic or other source reasonably believed by it 
to be genuine and believed by it to have been signed or otherwise given or disseminated by the proper 
party or parties, in each case received by it in connection with the performance of its duties under the 
relevant Determination Agent Agreement. 
The Programme Counterparty has no obligation to notify anyone of the execution of the Issue Deed or any 
other Transaction Document or do anything to find out if an Event of Default, or a Potential Event of Default 
or an Early Redemption Event (or any event which with the passing of time or the giving of a notice would 
constitute an Early Redemption Event) has occurred or if the Security under the Security Deed has become 
enforceable. Until it has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary, the Programme Counterparty 
may assume that no such event has occurred and that the Issuer and all other Transaction Parties are 
performing all their respective obligations under the ETC Securities and the other Transaction Documents. 
The Programme Counterparty is not responsible for monitoring or supervising the performance by any 
other person of its obligations to the Issuer and may assume these are being so performed unless and 
until it has actual knowledge to the contrary. The Programme Counterparty will not be responsible for any 
errors made by the Issuer, the Trustee, the Determination Agent, the Metal Agent or any other Transaction 
Party or any agent thereof in giving instructions or for the negligence, default, fraud, bad faith, wilful default 
or other failure of any of them. 
The Programme Counterparty is not bound to make any investigation into the facts or matters stated in 
any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, consent, entitlement 
order, approval or other paper or document received by it from the Issuer or any other Transaction Party. 
The Programme Counterparty will have no responsibility or liability for any Loss resulting from its being 
unable to perform any functions or obligations under the relevant Determination Agent Agreement if the

--- Page 189 ---
189 
same results from any law, regulation or requirement (whether or not having the force of law) of any central 
bank or governmental or other regulatory authority affecting it. Nothing in the relevant Determination Agent 
Agreement or in any other Transaction Document will require the Programme Counterparty to take any 
action or refrain from taking any action if the same would be contrary to any applicable law, regulation or 
requirement of any central bank or government or other regulatory authority affecting it.  
Authorised Participant Agreement 
By executing the relevant Issue Deed, the Issuer will be deemed to have entered into an English law 
governed authorised participant agreement in relation to the ETC Securities on the terms set out in the 
relevant version of the Master Authorised Participant Terms, as amended or supplemented by such Issue 
Deed with each person executing the Issue Deed in the capacity of Trustee, Issuing and Paying Agent, 
Programme Counterparty, Determination Agent, Lead Authorised Participant and Authorised Participant. 
The Authorised Participant Agreement sets out the provisions relating to the subscription by Authorised 
Participants of ETC Securities of the relevant Series and purchase of ETC Securities of such Series by the 
Issuer. The Authorised Participant Agreement also sets out the terms on which an Authorised Participant 
may offer, sell or deliver ETC Securities and contains certain representations, warranties and undertakings 
of the Authorised Participant in relation thereto.  
Pursuant to the Authorised Participant Agreement, in respect of an issue of a Series of ETC Securities, 
the Authorised Participant agrees to subscribe and pay for the number of ETC Securities of such Series of 
ETC Securities specified in respect of such Authorised Participant in the relevant Issue Deed by delivering 
an amount of unallocated Metal in respect of each such ETC Security equal to the Initial Metal Entitlement 
per ETC Security specified in respect of the Series Issue Date in the relevant Final Terms. The amount of 
unallocated Metal deliverable by each Authorised Participant in respect of such ETC Securities shall be 
deposited in the Subscription Account held by the Subscription Account Custodian on behalf of the Issuer 
by the Business Day immediately prior to the Series Issue Date. The Issuer will not issue ETC Securities 
to the Authorised Participant until it has received such unallocated Metal. 
In connection with a Subscription Order relating to a Series of ETC Securities, the Authorised Participant 
agrees to cause an amount of unallocated Metal equal to the product of the Metal Entitlement per ETC 
Security in respect of the relevant Subscription Trade Date and the aggregate number of ETC Securities 
to be issued pursuant to the relevant Subscription Order to be delivered to the Subscription Account 
Custodian on behalf of the Issuer on or prior to the relevant cut-off time specified in the Authorised 
Participant Agreement on the Subscription Settlement Date (or such other time as the parties may agree). 
The Issuer will not issue ETC Securities to the Authorised Participant until it has received such unallocated 
Metal. 
In connection with a Buy-Back Order relating to a Series of ETC Securities, the Authorised Participant 
agrees to deliver to (or to the order of) the Issuer the relevant ETC Securities subject to such Buy-Back 
Order by the cut-off time specified by the Issuer (or the Issuing and Paying Agent on its behalf) on the 
related Buy-Back Settlement Date. Issuer will not buy-back ETC Securities from the Authorised Participant 
until it has received such ETC Securities. 
The Authorised Participant Agreement sets out the conditions for appointment, resignation (by at least 60 
calendar days’ prior notice to the Issuer and each other Transaction Party) and termination (by the Issuer 
with immediate effect if an Authorised Participant Bankruptcy Event occurs and in any other circumstance 
by at least 30 calendar days’ prior notice, unless there are more than one Authorised Participants, in which 
case the Issuer may terminate the appointment of any Authorised Participant other than the Lead 
Authorised Participant with immediate effect for a material breach of its obligations which to the extent 
such breach is capable of being remedied is not remedied within 15 calendar days of the relevant 
Authorised Participant becoming aware of, or its receiving notice from the Issuer, the Determination Agent, 
the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee or the Lead Authorised Participant of such breach or if the Issuer

--- Page 190 ---
190 
determines, in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, that the conduct of such Authorised 
Participant is detrimental to the reputation or development potential of the business of the Issuer or any 
other Transaction Party or the relationships of those entities with third parties). The Authorised Participant 
Agreement includes an indemnity from the Issuer relating to the representations and warranties given by 
the Issuer in such agreement.  
Metal Agent Agreement  
By executing the relevant Issue Deed, the Issuer will be deemed to have entered into an English law 
governed metal agent agreement in relation to the ETC Securities on the terms set out in the relevant 
version of the Master Metal Agent Terms, as amended or supplemented by such Issue Deed with each 
person executing the Issue Deed in the capacity of Metal Agent, Issuing and Paying Agent, Determination 
Agent, Programme Counterparty and Trustee. The Metal Agent Agreement sets out the provisions relating 
to the sale of the Underlying Metal in respect of the relevant Series of ETC Securities by the Metal Agent 
during a Redemption Disposal Period. The Metal Agent Agreement also contains certain undertakings of 
the Metal Agent in relation thereto. The Metal Agent Agreement sets out the conditions for appointment, 
resignation (by at least 60 calendar days’ prior notice to the Issuer, the Trustee and the Issuing and Paying 
Agent) and termination (by the Issuer with immediate effect if a Metal Agent Bankruptcy Event occurs and 
in any other circumstance by at least 60 calendar days’ prior notice).  
Balancing Agreement 
General 
By executing the relevant Issue Deed, the Issuer shall be deemed to have entered into a separate English 
law governed balancing agreement relating to the Series of ETC Securities specified in such Issue Deed, 
with the person executing such Issue Deed in the capacity of Programme Counterparty. The Programme 
Counterparty in respect of the Balancing Agreement will be Deutsche Bank AG. 
On the Series Issue Date, the Issuer will enter into the relevant Balancing with the Programme 
Counterparty.  
Set out below are summaries of certain provisions of the Balancing Agreement. Such summaries are 
qualified in their entirety by the terms of the Balancing Agreement. 
Deliveries 
The Balancing Agreement sets out certain deliveries from the Issuer to the Programme Counterparty and 
vice versa. 
The obligations of the Issuer and the Programme Counterparty under the Balancing Agreement relating to 
a Series of ETC Securities have characteristics that demonstrate capacity to produce funds to service any 
payments due and payable on the ETC Securities. 
Issuer Deliveries 
Under the Balancing Agreement, the Issuer will be obligated to make a delivery of unallocated Metal under 
the Balancing Agreement relating to a Series of ETC Securities if the Metal Entitlement Differential (defined 
below) is positive in respect of an Observation Date. 
Programme Counterparty Deliveries 
Under the Balancing Agreement, the Programme Counterparty will be obligated to make a delivery of 
unallocated Metal under the Balancing Agreement relating to a Series of ETC Securities if the Metal 
Entitlement Differential (defined below) is negative in respect of an Observation Date.

--- Page 191 ---
191 
Metal Entitlement Differential 
The “Metal Entitlement Differential”, in respect of an Observation Date and a Series of ETC Securities, 
is an amount of Metal determined by the Determination Agent as being equal to: 
(i) 
(a) the aggregate amount of Underlying Metal standing to the credit of the Issuer’s accounts on the 
Observation Date; plus (b) the amount of Metal which the Programme Counterparty has notified the 
Issuer and the Determination Agent should have formed part of the Underlying Metal save for the 
transfer of Underlying Metal in breach of the Conditions or the Transaction Documents or its theft, 
loss, damage, destruction or misdelivery (unless such theft, loss, damage, destruction or 
misdelivery is the direct result of the negligence, fraud, bad faith or wilful misconduct of the 
Programme Counterparty acting in any capacity); minus 
(ii) 
an amount equal to the Metal Entitlement per ETC Security in respect of the Observation Date 
multiplied by the number of ETC Securities outstanding on the Observation Date. 
Tax 
All deliveries under the Balancing Agreement will be made subject to any withholding or deduction for, or 
on account of, any tax. In the event of any such withholding or deduction relating to an amount deliverable 
to the Issuer, the amount received by the Issuer under the Balancing Agreement will be reduced. 
Termination 
If a Balancing Agreement Early Termination Date is designated under the Balancing Agreement relating 
to a Series of ETC Securities for any reason, this will trigger the Final Observation Date in respect of such 
Balancing Agreement. 
See Condition 9(d)(ii) for a description of the circumstances in which the Balancing Agreement may be 
terminated.

--- Page 192 ---
192 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND USE OF PROCEEDS  
The ETC securities are designed to provide investors with exposure to a Metal without having to take 
physical delivery of the Metal and, in the case of FX Hedged ETC Securities, to reduce the exposure of 
the ETC Securities to exchange rate fluctuations between the currency in which the ETC Securities are 
denominated and the currency in which the relevant Metal is quoted.  
The net proceeds from the issue of ETC Securities of a Series of ETC Securities will be an amount of 
unallocated Metal which, in accordance with the Custody Agreement for Secured Accounts will, to the 
extent possible, be allocated to physical Metal bars or other metal shapes and be held in the Secured 
Allocated Account. Any remaining Metal shall be held in the Secured Unallocated Account. Such 
Underlying Metal shall be used to meet the Issuer’s obligations under the relevant Series of ETC Securities 
and the relevant Balancing Agreement.

--- Page 193 ---
193 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER  
General 
The Issuer was registered and incorporated in Jersey as a public limited liability company on 6 August 
2009 under the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991, registration number 103781 under the name DB ETC plc. 
The legal Entity Identifier (“LEI”) of the Issuer is 549300SNVSPBXF55RX28. 
The Issuer has been incorporated for an indefinite period. The Registered Office of the Issuer is at 4th 
Floor, St Paul’s Gate, 22-24 New Street, St. Helier, Jersey JE1 4TR, Channel Islands. The telephone 
number of the Issuer is +44(0) 1534 504 799. The authorised share capital of the Issuer is £10,000 divided 
into 10,000 ordinary shares of £1.00 each. All of the issued ordinary shares of the Issuer are held by Vistra 
Nominees I Limited and Vistra Nominees II Limited for and on behalf of Vistra Corporate Services Limited 
as trustee of the DB ETC Charitable Trust. The DB ETC Charitable Trust was established pursuant to a 
declaration of trust established by Intertrust Corporate Trustee (Jersey) Limited (the “Initial Trustee”) on 
4 August 2009 for charitable purposes and amended pursuant to an instrument of retirement and 
appointment of trustees dated 13 July 2018 made between the Initial Trustee and Vistra Corporate 
Services Limited. The principal office of Vistra Corporate Services Limited is 4th Floor, St Pauls Gate, 22-
24 New Street, St Helier, Jersey JE1 4TR, Channel Islands.  
The above amounts of ordinary share capital are stated as at the date of this Base Prospectus. The Issuer 
has not conducted any business since its date of incorporation and registration to the date hereof except 
as contemplated by this Base Prospectus and the Transaction Documents and except for receiving the 
ordinary capital subscriptions referenced above. 
The Issuer has been established as a special purpose vehicle for the purpose of issuing asset backed 
securities. The object of the Issuer is the issuance of one or more financial instruments and entry into 
certain other agreements and transactions in connection with such activity. In connection with and ancillary 
to this object, the Issuer may enter into any derivative transactions; incur any and all form of indebtedness 
from any party whatsoever whether contingent or actual in any currency whatsoever and for any duration; 
grant security in respect of all or part of any of its assets, in any form whatsoever; enter into and/or carry 
out any and all transactions carried out in the international capital markets or arising out of any euro-
medium term note programme or euro commercial paper programme; issue, redeem and/or buy-back 
financial instruments; take delivery of and hold any property, securities, commodities or any other assets 
as security for the obligations of any party owed to the Issuer in connection with the financial instruments 
and/or any agreement or transaction entered into by the Issuer with such parties in relation to any financial 
instrument and transfer, sell or otherwise dispose of any property, securities, commodities or any other 
assets held by the Issuer in connection with the financial instruments and/or any agreements or 
transactions entered into by the Issuer with such parties in relation to any financial instrument in 
accordance with the terms thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer will have unrestricted 
corporate capacity and nothing described above will restrict the authority of the directors.  
The Issuer does not have any subsidiary undertakings. 
No person other than the Issuer will be obliged to make payments on the ETC Securities and the ETC 
Securities will not be guaranteed by, or be the responsibility of, any other entity. In particular, the ETC 
Securities (i) do not represent an interest in and will not be obligations of, or insured or guaranteed by, the 
Arranger, any Transaction Party or any subsidiary, holding company or any company associated with any 
of them, (ii) will not have the status of a bank deposit and will not be within the scope of any deposit 
protection scheme and (iii) are not insured or guaranteed by any government, government agency or other 
body. 
In accordance with Article 41.6(c) of Directive 2006/43/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council 
and any relevant implementing measures of Jersey, the Issuer does not consider it appropriate to have

--- Page 194 ---
194 
either an audit committee or an administrative or supervisory body entrusted to carry out the functions of 
an audit committee. This is because the Issuer’s principal business consists of the issue of ETC Securities 
and the application of the Secured Property towards making payments in respect of the relevant ETC 
Securities and paying certain fees, expenses and other related amounts and as such, the Issuer is not 
conducting an operating business. 
Capitalisation 
The following table sets out the capitalisation of the Issuer as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
 
£ 
Shareholders’ Funds: 
 
 
Share capital (Authorised £10,000; Issued two ordinary shares of £1.00 each) 
 
2 
Indebtedness: 
 
 
The Indebtedness of the Issuer as at the date of this Base Prospectus is 
 
0 
Total 
 
2 
There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer since 31 
December 2019. The Issuer has no borrowings or indebtedness in the nature of borrowings (including loan 
capital issued or created but unissued), term loans, liabilities under acceptances or acceptance credits, 
mortgages, charges or guarantees or other contingent liabilities. 
Directors and Company Secretary  
The Directors of the Issuer are as follows:  
Name 
Principal Occupation 
Business Address 
Marc Harris 
Company Director 
4th Floor, St Paul’s Gate, 22-24 New 
Street, St. Helier, Jersey JE1 4TR, 
Channel Islands 
Visdirect Services Limited 
Company Director 
4th Floor, St Paul’s Gate, 22-24 New 
Street, St. Helier, Jersey JE1 4TR, 
Channel Islands 
Viscom Services Limited 
Company Director 
4th Floor, St Paul’s Gate, 22-24 New 
Street, St. Helier, Jersey JE1 4TR, 
Channel Islands 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the directors of Viscom Services Limited are Timothy Harry 
Hutchins, Clive Wright, Marc Harris, Gayle Swanson and Smoden Chimbalu and the directors of Visdirect 
Services Limited are Simon Owen Morgan, Timothy Harry Hutchins, Peter Howard Gaskell, Karin Louise 
Lynch, Gemma Louise Voisin, Paul Anthony Nash, Paul Antony Le Marquand, Sharon Jennifer Bisson, 
Karen Hassett, Marc Harris, Gayle Swanson and Smoden Chimbalu. 
In addition to acting as a director of Visdirect Services Limited and/or Viscom Services Limited, each of 
Clive Wright, Marc Harris, Smoden Chimbalu and Gayle Swanson are also directors of Vistra Fund 
Services Limited (which is not a director of the Issuer). The business address of each Simon Owen Morgan, 
Timothy Harry Hutchins, Peter Howard Gaskell, Karin Louise Lynch, Gemma Louise Voisin, Paul Anthony 
Nash, Paul Antony Le Marquand, Sharon Jennifer Bisson, Karen Hassett, Clive Wright, Marc Harris, Gayle 
Swanson and Smoden Chimbalu is 4th Floor, St Paul’s Gate, 22-24 New Street, St. Helier, Jersey JE1 
4TR, Channel Islands.

--- Page 195 ---
195 
Vistra Fund Services Limited of 4th Floor, St Paul’s Gate, 22-24 New Street, St. Helier, Jersey JE1 4TR, 
Channel Islands is the administrator of the Issuer. Its duties include the provision of certain management, 
administrative, accounting and related services. The appointment of the administrator may be terminated 
and the administrator may retire upon three months’ notice subject to the appointment of an alternative 
administrator on similar terms to the existing administrator. 
Vistra Secretaries Limited of 4th Floor, St Paul's Gate, 22-24 New Street, St Helier, Jersey, JE1 4TR, 
Channel Islands is the company secretary of the Issuer. It is an affiliate company of the administrator to 
which the administrator has delegated all duties which involve the provision of secretarial services. 
Marc Harris is an employee of an affiliate company of the administrator and Visdirect Services Limited and 
Viscom Services Limited are affiliates of the administrator. 
Financial Statements 
The Issuer has prepared audited financial statements for the periods from 1 January 2018 to 31 December 
2018 and from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2019. Such financial statements are incorporated by 
reference into and shall form part of this Base Prospectus. The Issuer will publish half-yearly and yearly 
financial statements for each financial year in respect of the period ending on 31 December in the relevant 
year.  
The auditors of the Issuer are KPMG Channel Islands Limited, PO Box 453, St. Helier, Jersey JE4 8WQ, 
Channel Islands. The auditors of the Issuer are chartered accountants who are members of the Institute 
of Chartered Accountants of England and Wales and are qualified to practise as auditors in Jersey.  
The Issuer agrees in the relevant Trust Deed to provide the Trustee with a certificate of the Issuer signed 
by any Director, upon request on an annual basis, to the effect that having made all reasonable enquiries, 
to the best of the knowledge, information and belief of the Issuer as at a date (the “Certification Date”) 
not more than five days before the date of the certificate, no Event of Default or Potential Event of Default 
had occurred since the Certification Date of the last such certificate or (if none) the date of the relevant 
Issue Deed or, if such event had occurred, giving details of it. 
Issuer taxation 
The Income Tax (Jersey) Law 1961, as amended (the “Law”) provides that the general basic rate of income 
tax on the profits of companies regarded as resident in Jersey or having a permanent establishment in 
Jersey, will be zero per cent. (“zero tax rating”) and that: 
(i) 
only a limited number of financial services companies (as defined below) shall be subject to income 
tax at a rate of 10 per cent.;  
(ii) 
qualifying large corporate retailers (as defined in the Law) shall be subject to income tax at a rate 
of up to 20 per cent. (to be determined in accordance with Article 123L of the Law); and  
(iii) 
only utility companies (as defined in the Law), companies involved in the importation or distribution 
of hydrocarbon oil and Jersey Property Profits (as defined below) shall be subject to income tax at 
a rate of twenty per cent..  
A “financial services company” is a company described in any of the following sub-paragraphs, namely 
one which: 
(a) 
is registered under the Financial Services (Jersey) Law 1998 (the “1998 Law”) to carry out: 
(i) 
investment business;  
(ii) 
trust company business;  
(iii) 
fund services business, as an administrator custodian or registrar in relation to an 
unclassified fund or an unregulated fund; or

--- Page 196 ---
196 
(iv) 
general insurance mediation business as described in either class P or class Q in Part 2 of 
the Schedule to the Financial Services (Financial Service Business) (Jersey) Order 2009; 
(b) 
is registered under the Banking Business (Jersey) Law 1991, other than a company registered for 
business continuity under that Law, pursuant to Article 9A of the Banking Business (General 
Provisions) (Jersey) Order 2002;  
(c) 
holds a permit under the Collective Investment Funds (Jersey) Law 1988 by virtue of being a 
functionary who is an administrator registrar or custodian mentioned in Part 2 of the Schedule to 
that Law; 
(d) 
holds either a Category A or Category B permit under the Insurance Business (Jersey) Law 1996; 
or 
(e) 
is a company trading in the provision of credit facilities to customers by way of making any advance 
or granting any credit including (but not limited to):  
(i) the provision, in connection with the supply of goods by hire purchase, leasing, condition sale 
or credit sale, of credit in instalments for which a separate charge is made and disclosed to 
the customer; and 
(ii) any assignment to the company of an advance or credit repayable by the customer to a person 
other than the company. 
“Jersey Property Profits” means: 
(a) 
the annual profits or gains arising in respect of any rents or receipts as follows, that is to say – 
(i) 
rents under leases of land in Jersey, 
(ii) 
rents, and 
(iii) 
other receipts arising to the owner of land in Jersey from, or by virtue of, the owner’s 
ownership of that land including any receipts arising from a licence to occupy land; 
(b) 
the annual profits or gains arising or accruing from the trade, carried on in Jersey, of the disposal, 
on a commercial basis, of land or any building or structure, or any part thereof, which is situated in 
Jersey; and 
(c) 
the annual profits or gains arising or accruing from the trade of the exploitation of land in Jersey by 
the exploration, excavation, excision, extrication, extirpation, exsiccation, expropriation or extraction 
or recovery of stone, minerals and other inorganic solid materials. 
For so long as the Issuer holds a “zero tax rating”, no withholding in respect of Jersey taxation will be 
required on payments to any holder of the ETC Securities. 
Goods and Services Tax (“GST”) 
Pursuant to the Goods and Services Tax (Jersey) Law 2007 (the “2007 Law”), tax at a rate which is, as at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, 5 per cent. applies to the supply of retail goods and services unless the 
relevant supplier or recipient of such goods and services is registered as an “international services entity”. 
The Issuer is an “international services entity” within the meaning of the 2007 Law, having satisfied the 
requirements of the Goods and Services Tax (International Services Entities) (Jersey) Regulations 2008, 
as amended (the “ISE Regulations”) and, as long as it continues to be such an entity, a supply of goods 
or of a service made by or to the Issuer shall not be a taxable supply for the purposes of the 2007 Law. 
Data Protection

--- Page 197 ---
197 
The Issuer has published a notice to Securityholders regarding the collection, recording, adaptation, 
transfer and other processing and use of personal data by and on behalf of the company (the “Privacy 
Notice”), in accordance with Data Protection (Jersey) Law 2018. Such Privacy Notice sets out the types 
of personal data that may be processed, to whom such personal data may relate and how it may be 
sourced, and the relevant parties that may process or receive such personal data and for what purposes, 
and otherwise explains certain policies and practices that have been put in place to ensure the privacy of 
such personal data.  
The Privacy Notice further describes the rights of Securityholders to request (i) the access to their personal 
data, (ii) the rectification and (iii) the erasure of their personal data, (iv) the restriction to the processing of 
their personal data, and (v) the transfer of their personal data to third parties, as well as the right of 
Securityholders to lodge a complaint in terms of data protection related issues with the relevant supervisory 
authority, the right to withdraw their consent on the processing of personal data and the right to object the 
processing of their personal data. 
Details of the up-to-date Privacy Notice are available under “Additional Information” on www.etc.dws.com.

--- Page 198 ---
198 
INFORMATION CONCERNING THE LEAD AUTHORISED PARTICIPANT, THE SECURED 
ACCOUNT CUSTODIAN, THE SUBSCRIPTION ACCOUNT CUSTODIAN, THE METAL 
AGENT AND THE PROGRAMME COUNTERPARTY  
Deutsche Bank 
The information in this section has been accurately reproduced from information published by Deutsche 
Bank (as defined below) and has been included to provide disclosure for where Deutsche Bank AG acts 
as the Lead Authorised Participant, the Secured Account Custodian, the Subscription Account Custodian, 
the Metal Agent or the Programme Counterparty. So far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain 
from information published by Deutsche Bank no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information misleading.  
Incorporation, Registered Office and Objectives 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft (“Deutsche Bank” or the “Bank”) originated from the reunification of 
Norddeutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Hamburg, Rheinisch-Westfälische Bank Aktiengesellschaft, 
Düsseldorf and Süddeutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Munich; pursuant to the Law on the Regional Scope 
of Credit Institutions, these had been disincorporated in 1952 from Deutsche Bank which was founded in 
1870. The merger and the name were entered in the Commercial Register of the District Court Frankfurt 
am Main on 2 May 1957. Deutsche Bank is a banking institution and a stock corporation incorporated 
under the laws of Germany under registration number HRB 30 000. The Bank has its registered office in 
Frankfurt am Main, Germany. It maintains its head office at Taunusanlage 12, 60325 Frankfurt am Main 
and branch offices in Germany and abroad including in London, New York, Sydney, Tokyo and an Asia-
Pacific Head Office in Singapore which serve as hubs for its operations in the respective regions.  
The Bank is the parent company of a group consisting of banks, capital market companies, fund 
management companies, a real estate finance company, instalment financing companies, research and 
consultancy companies and other domestic and foreign companies (the “Deutsche Bank Group”). 
The shares of Deutsche Bank are listed for trading and official quotation on all the German Stock 
Exchanges. They are also listed on the New York Stock Exchange. 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
On 12 January 1973, Deutsche Bank AG filed in the United Kingdom the documents required pursuant to 
section 407 of the Companies Act 1948 to establish a place of business within Great Britain. On 14 January 
1993, Deutsche Bank registered under Schedule 21A to the Companies Act 1985 as having established a 
branch (Registration No. BR000005) in England and Wales. The London branch of Deutsche Bank is an 
authorised person for the purposes of section 19 of the FSMA.

--- Page 199 ---
199 
JPMorgan 
The information in this section has been accurately reproduced from information published by JPMorgan 
Chase Bank, N.A. (“JPMorgan”) and has been included to provide disclosure for where JPMorgan acts as 
the Secured Account Custodian, the Subscription Account Custodian or the Metal Agent. So far as the 
Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by JPMorgan no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information misleading.  
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
JPMorgan is a wholly owned subsidiary of JPMorgan Chase & Co., a Delaware corporation whose principal 
office is located in New York, New York. JPMorgan offers a wide range of banking services to its customers, 
both domestically and internationally. It is chartered and its business is subject to examination and 
regulation by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency. 
JPMorgan’s quarterly figures including total assets, total net loans, total deposits and total stockholder’s 
equity are contained in JPMorgan’s quarterly unaudited Consolidated Reports of Condition and Income 
(the “Call Report”), prepared in accordance with regulatory instructions that do not in all cases follow U.S. 
generally accepted accounting principles. The Call Report including any update to the quarterly figures is 
filed with the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and can be found at www.fdic.gov. 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. is required to file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. Any 
documents filed with the SEC by JPMorgan Chase & Co. may be obtained without charge by each person 
to whom this Programme Memorandum is delivered upon the written request of any such person to the 
Office of the Secretary, JPMorgan Chase & Co., 270 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10017, or at the 
SEC’s website at www.sec.gov, or read and copied at the SEC’s public reference room at 450 Fifth Street, 
N.W., Washington, D.C. 20549. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s filings with the SEC are also available to the 
public through the New York Stock Exchange, 20 Broad Street, New York, New York 10005, on which 
JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s common stock is listed. 
The information contained in this section relates to and has been obtained from JPMorgan. The delivery 
of this Programme Memorandum shall not create any implication that there has been no change in the 
affairs of JPMorgan since the date hereof, or that the information contained or referred to in this section is 
correct as of any time subsequent to its date. 
The business address of JPMorgan is 25 Bank Street, Canary Wharf, London E14 5JP.

--- Page 200 ---
200 
TAXATION 
The following is a summary of certain aspects of the tax treatment in respect of payments of the Issuer 
and amounts paid in respect of the ETC Securities by the Issuer (or an agent appointed by it) in accordance 
with the terms and conditions of such ETC Securities, based on the laws and practices currently in force 
which are subject to change after the date of this Base Prospectus and which changes could be made on 
a retrospective basis. It is limited to the country of incorporation of the Issuer and those countries in which 
admission to trading may be sought or offers for which a prospectus is required under the Prospectus 
Regulation may be made pursuant to this Base Prospectus. 
It does not relate to any other tax consequences or to withholdings in respect of payments by other persons 
(such as custodians, depositaries or other intermediaries) unless otherwise specified. Particular rules may 
apply to certain classes of taxpayers holding the ETC Securities. The summary does not purport to be 
exhaustive and does not constitute tax or legal advice and the comments below are of a general nature 
only. With respect to certain structured financial instruments, such as the ETC Securities, it may be the 
case that in certain jurisdictions there is currently neither case law nor comments of the financial authorities 
as to the tax treatment of such financial instruments. Accordingly, there is a risk that the relevant financial 
authorities and courts or the paying agents in such jurisdictions may adopt a view different from that 
summarised below. Each investor should consult a tax adviser as to the tax consequences relating to its 
particular circumstances resulting from the purchase, holding, sale and redemption of the ETC Securities 
and the receipt of payments thereon under the laws of their country of residence, citizenship or domicile. 
All payments in respect of the ETC Securities by the Issuer or by an agent appointed by the Issuer will be 
subject to any applicable withholding taxes. 
None of the Issuer, the Arranger or any Transaction Party makes any representation or warranty as to the 
tax consequences to any investor of the acquisition, holding or disposal of the ETC Securities. Investors 
should be aware that the tax legislation of any jurisdiction where an investor in ETC Securities is resident 
or otherwise subject to taxation (as well as the jurisdictions discussed below) may have an impact on the 
tax consequences of an investment in the ETC Securities including in respect of any income received from 
the ETC Securities. The tax consequences for each investor in the ETC Securities can be different and 
therefore investors and counterparties are advised to consult with their tax advisers as to their specific 
consequences. 
Information Reporting 
Information relating to the ETC Securities, their holders and beneficial owners may be required to be 
provided to tax authorities in certain circumstances pursuant to domestic or international reporting and 
transparency regimes. This may include (but is not limited to) information relating to the value of the ETC 
Securities, amounts paid or credited with respect to the ETC Securities, details of the holders or beneficial 
owners of the ETC Securities and information and documents in connection with transactions relating to 
the ETC Securities. In certain circumstances, the information obtained by a tax authority may be provided 
to tax authorities in other countries. 
Jersey 
General 
Under current Jersey law, there are no capital gains, capital transfer, gift, wealth or inheritance taxes or 
any death or estate duties. No stamp duty is levied in Jersey on the issue or transfer of ETC Securities. 
On the death of an individual holder of ETC Securities (whether or not such individual was resident in 
Jersey), duty at rates of up to 0.75 per cent. of the value of the relevant ETC Securities may be payable 
on the registration of Jersey probate or letters of administration.

--- Page 201 ---
201 
United States 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”), commonly known 
as FATCA, a “foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes 
(“foreign passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related 
requirements. The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions 
(including Jersey) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with 
the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as 
the ETC Securities, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA 
with respect to payments on instruments such as the ETC Securities, are uncertain and may be subject to 
change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the ETC Securities, under proposed regulations such withholding would not apply to 
foreign passthru payments prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations 
defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register. In the event any withholding 
would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the ETC Securities, no 
person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding. 
FATCA is particularly complex and its application is uncertain at this time. Prospective investors 
should consult their tax advisers on how these rules may apply to the Issuer and to payments they 
may receive in connection with the ETC Securities. 
Austria 
This section on taxation contains a brief summary of the Issuer's understanding with regard to certain 
important principles which are of significance in connection with the purchase, holding or sale of the ETC 
Securities in Austria. This summary does not purport to exhaustively describe all possible tax aspects and 
does not deal with specific situations which may be of relevance for certain potential investors. The 
following comments are rather of a general nature and included herein solely for information purposes. 
They are not intended to be, nor should they be construed to be, legal or tax advice. This summary is 
based on the currently applicable tax legislation, case law and regulations of the tax authorities, as well as 
their respective interpretation, all of which may be amended from time to time. Such amendments may 
possibly also be effected with retroactive effect and may negatively impact on the tax consequences 
described. It is recommended that potential investors in the ETC Securities consult with their legal and tax 
advisors as to the tax consequences of the purchase, holding or sale of the ETC Securities. Tax risks 
resulting from the ETC Securities (in particular from a potential qualification as a foreign investment fund 
within the meaning of sec. 188 of the Austrian Investment Funds Act 2011 (Investmentfondsgesetz 2011)) 
shall in any case be borne by the investor. For the purposes of the following it is assumed that the ETC 
Securities are legally and factually offered to an indefinite number of persons in the sense of sec. 27a(2)(2) 
of the Austrian Income Tax Act (Einkommensteuergesetz). 
General  
Individuals who have a domicile (Wohnsitz) and/or their habitual abode (gewöhnlicher Aufenthalt), both as 
defined in sec. 26 of the Austrian Federal Fiscal Procedures Act (Bundesabgabenordnung), in Austria are 
subject to income tax (Einkommensteuer) in Austria on their worldwide income (unlimited income tax 
liability; unbeschränkte Einkommensteuerpflicht). Individuals who have neither a domicile nor their habitual 
abode in Austria are subject to income tax only on income from certain Austrian sources (limited income 
tax liability; beschränkte Einkommensteuerpflicht). 
Corporations having their place of management (Ort der Geschäftsleitung) and/or their legal seat (Sitz), 
both as defined in sec. 27 of the Austrian Federal Fiscal Procedures Act, in Austria are subject to corporate

--- Page 202 ---
202 
income tax (Körperschaftsteuer) in Austria on their worldwide income (unlimited corporate income tax 
liability; unbeschränkte Körperschaftsteuerpflicht). Corporations having neither their place of management 
nor their legal seat in Austria are subject to corporate income tax only on income from certain Austrian 
sources (limited corporate income tax liability; beschränkte Körperschaftsteuerpflicht). 
Both in case of unlimited and limited (corporate) income tax liability Austria's right to tax may be restricted 
by double taxation treaties. 
Income taxation 
Pursuant to sec. 27(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, the term investment income (Einkünfte aus 
Kapitalvermögen) comprises: 
 
income from the letting of capital (Einkünfte aus der Überlassung von Kapital) pursuant to sec. 27(2) 
of the Austrian Income Tax Act, including dividends and interest – the tax basis is the amount of the 
earnings received (sec. 27a(3)(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act); 
 
income from realised increases in value (Einkünfte aus realisierten Wertsteigerungen) pursuant to 
sec. 27(3) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, including gains from the sale, redemption and other 
realisation of assets that lead to income from the letting of capital, zero coupon bonds and broken-
period interest – the tax basis amounts to the sales proceeds or the redemption amount minus the 
acquisition costs, in each case including accrued interest (sec. 27a(3)(2)(a) of the Austrian Income 
Tax Act); and 
 
income from derivatives (Einkünfte aus Derivaten) pursuant to sec. 27(4) of the Austrian Income Tax 
Act, including cash settlements, option premiums received and income from the sale or other 
realisation of forward contracts like options, futures and swaps and other derivatives such as index 
certificates (the mere exercise of an option does not trigger tax liability); e.g. in the case of index 
certificates, the tax basis amounts to the sales proceeds or the redemption amount minus the 
acquisition costs (sec. 27a(3)(3)(c) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). 
Also the withdrawal of the ETC Securities from a securities account (Depotentnahme) and circumstances 
leading to a restriction of Austria's taxation right regarding the ETC Securities vis-à-vis other countries, e.g. 
a relocation from Austria (Wegzug), are in general deemed to constitute a sale (cf. sec. 27(6)(1) and (2) of 
the Austrian Income Tax Act). The tax basis amounts to the fair market value minus the acquisition costs 
(sec. 27a(3)(2)(b) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). 
Individuals subject to unlimited income tax liability in Austria holding the ETC Securities as non-business 
assets are subject to income tax on all resulting investment income pursuant to sec. 27(1) of the Austrian 
Income Tax Act. Investment income from the ETC Securities with an Austrian nexus (inländische Einkünfte 
aus Kapitalvermögen), basically meaning income paid by an Austrian paying agent (auszahlende Stelle) 
or an Austrian custodian agent (depotführende Stelle), is subject to withholding tax (Kapitalertragsteuer) 
at a flat rate of 27.5 per cent.; no additional income tax is levied over and above the amount of tax withheld 
(final taxation pursuant to sec. 97(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). Investment income from the ETC 
Securities without an Austrian nexus must be included in the investor’s income tax return and is subject to 
income tax at the flat rate of 27.5 per cent.. In both cases upon application the option exists to tax all 
income subject to income tax at a flat rate pursuant to sec. 27a(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act at the 
lower progressive income tax rate (option to regular taxation pursuant to sec. 27a(5) of the Austrian Income 
Tax Act). The acquisition costs must not include ancillary acquisition costs (Anschaffungsnebenkosten; 
sec. 27a(4)(2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). Expenses such as bank charges and custody fees must 
not be deducted (sec. 20(2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act); this also applies if the option to regular 
taxation is exercised. Sec. 27(8) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, inter alia, provides for the following 
restrictions on the offsetting of losses: negative income from realised increases in value and from 
derivatives may be neither offset against interest from bank accounts and other non-securitized claims vis-
à-vis credit institutions (except for cash settlements and lending fees) nor against income from private 
foundations, foreign private law foundations and other comparable legal estates (Privatstiftungen,

--- Page 203 ---
203 
ausländische Stiftungen oder sonstige Vermögensmassen, die mit einer Privatstiftung vergleichbar sind); 
income subject to income tax at a flat rate pursuant to sec. 27a(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act may not 
be offset against income subject to the progressive income tax rate (this equally applies in case of an 
exercise of the option to regular taxation); negative investment income not already offset against positive 
investment income may not be offset against other types of income. The Austrian custodian agent has to 
effect the offsetting of losses by taking into account all of a taxpayer's securities accounts with the 
custodian agent, in line with sec. 93(6) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, and to issue a written confirmation 
to the taxpayer to this effect. 
Individuals subject to unlimited income tax liability in Austria holding the ETC Securities as business assets 
are subject to income tax on all resulting investment income pursuant to sec. 27(1) of the Austrian Income 
Tax Act. Investment income from the ETC Securities with an Austrian nexus is subject to withholding tax 
at a flat rate of 27.5 per cent.. While withholding tax has the effect of final taxation for income from the 
letting of capital, income from realised increases in value and income from derivatives must be included in 
the investor’s income tax return (nevertheless income tax at the flat rate of 27.5 per cent.). Investment 
income from the ETC Securities without an Austrian nexus must always be included in the investor’s 
income tax return and is subject to income tax at the flat rate of 27.5 per cent.. In both cases upon 
application the option exists to tax all income subject to income tax at a flat rate pursuant to sec. 27a(1) of 
the Austrian Income Tax Act at the lower progressive income tax rate (option to regular taxation pursuant 
to sec. 27a(5) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). The flat tax rate does not apply to income from realised 
increases in value and income from derivatives if realising these types of income constitutes a key area of 
the respective investor's business activity (sec. 27a(6) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). Expenses such as 
bank charges and custody fees must not be deducted (sec. 20(2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act); this 
also applies if the option to regular taxation is exercised. Pursuant to sec. 6(2)(c) of the Austrian Income 
Tax Act, depreciations to the lower fair market value and losses from the sale, redemption and other 
realisation of financial assets and derivatives in the sense of sec. 27(3) and (4) of the Austrian Income Tax 
Act, which are subject to income tax at the flat rate of 27.5 per cent., are primarily to be offset against 
income from realised increases in value of such financial assets and derivatives and with appreciations in 
value of such assets within the same business unit (Wirtschaftsgüter desselben Betriebes); only 55 per 
cent. of the remaining negative difference may be offset against other types of income. 
Pursuant to sec. 7(2) of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act (Körperschaftsteuergesetz), corporations 
subject to unlimited corporate income tax liability in Austria are subject to corporate income tax on income 
in the sense of sec. 27(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act from the ETC Securities at a rate of 25 per cent. 
Income in the sense of sec. 27(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act from the ETC Securities with an Austrian 
nexus is generally subject to withholding tax at a flat rate of 27.5 per cent.. However, pursuant to sec. 
93(1a) of the Austrian Income Tax Act the withholding agent may apply a 25 per cent. rate if the debtor of 
the withholding tax is a corporation. Such withholding tax can be credited against the corporate income tax 
liability. Under the conditions set forth in sec. 94(5) of the Austrian Income Tax Act withholding tax is not 
levied in the first place. Losses from the sale of the ETC Securities can be offset against other income. 
Pursuant to sec. 13(3)(1) in connection with sec. 22(2) of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act, private 
foundations (Privatstiftungen) pursuant to the Austrian Private Foundations Act (Privatstiftungsgesetz) 
fulfilling the prerequisites contained in sec. 13(3) and (6) of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act and 
holding the ETC Securities as non-business assets are subject to interim taxation at a rate of 25 per cent. 
on interest income, income from realised increases in value and income from derivatives (inter alia, if the 
latter are in the form of securities). Pursuant to the Austrian tax authorities' view, the acquisition costs must 
not include ancillary acquisition costs. Expenses such as bank charges and custody fees must not be 
deducted (sec. 12(2) of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act). Interim tax is generally not triggered 
insofar as distributions subject to withholding tax are made to beneficiaries in the same tax period. 
Investment income from the ETC Securities with an Austrian nexus is in general subject to withholding tax 
at a flat rate of 27.5 per cent.. However, pursuant to sec. 93(1a) of the Austrian Income Tax Act the 
withholding agent may apply a 25 per cent. rate if the debtor of the withholding tax is a corporation. Such

--- Page 204 ---
204 
withholding tax can be credited against the tax triggered. Under the conditions set forth in sec. 94(12) of 
the Austrian Income Tax Act withholding tax is not levied. 
Individuals and corporations subject to limited (corporate) income tax liability in Austria are taxable on 
income from the ETC Securities if they have a permanent establishment (Betriebsstätte) in Austria and the 
ETC Securities are attributable to such permanent establishment (cf. sec. 98(1)(3) of the Austrian Income 
Tax Act, sec. 21(1)(1) of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act). In addition, individuals subject to limited 
income tax liability in Austria are also taxable on interest in the sense of sec. 27(2)(2) of the Austrian 
Income Tax Act and accrued interest (including from zero coupon bonds) in the sense of sec. 27(6)(5) of 
the Austrian Income Tax Act from the ETC Securities if the (accrued) interest has an Austrian nexus and 
if withholding tax is levied on such (accrued) interest. This does not apply to an individual being resident 
in a state with which automatic exchange of information exists, if the individual provides a certificate of 
residence to the withholding agent. Interest with an Austrian nexus is interest the debtor of which has its 
place of management and/or its legal seat in Austria or is an Austrian branch of a non-Austrian credit 
institution; accrued interest with an Austrian nexus is accrued interest from securities issued by an Austrian 
issuer (sec. 98(1)(5)(b) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). The Issuer understands that no taxation applies 
in the case at hand.  
Pursuant to sec. 188 of the Austrian Investment Funds Act 2011, the term "foreign investment fund" 
comprises (i) undertakings for collective investment in transferable securities the member state of origin of 
which is not Austria; (ii) alternative investment funds pursuant to the Austrian Act on Alternative Investment 
Fund Managers (Alternative Investmentfonds Manager-Gesetz) the state of origin of which is not Austria; 
and (iii) secondarily, undertakings subject to a foreign jurisdiction, irrespective of the legal form they are 
organised in, the assets of which are invested according to the principle of risk-spreading on the basis 
either of a statute, of the undertaking's articles or of customary exercise, if one of the following conditions 
is fulfilled: (a) the undertaking is factually, directly or indirectly, not subject to a corporate income tax in its 
state of residence that is comparable to Austrian corporate income tax; (b) the profits of the undertaking 
are in its state of residence subject to corporate income tax that is comparable to Austrian corporate income 
tax, at a rate of less than 15 per cent.; or (c) the undertaking is subject to a comprehensive personal or 
material tax exemption in its state of residence. Certain collective investment vehicles investing in real 
estate are exempted. In case of a qualification as a foreign investment fund, the tax consequences would 
substantially differ from those described above: a special type of transparency principle would be applied, 
pursuant to which generally both distributed income, as well as deemed income, would be subject to 
Austrian (corporate) income tax. 
Inheritance and gift taxation 
Austria does not levy inheritance or gift tax.  
Certain gratuitous transfers of assets to private law foundations and comparable legal estates 
(privatrechtliche Stiftungen und damit vergleichbare Vermögensmassen) are subject to foundation transfer 
tax 
(Stiftungseingangssteuer) 
pursuant 
to 
the 
Austrian 
Foundation 
Transfer 
Tax 
Act 
(Stiftungseingangssteuergesetz) if the transferor and/or the transferee at the time of transfer has its 
domicile, its habitual abode, its legal seat and/or its place of management in Austria. Certain exemptions 
apply in cases of transfers mortis causa of financial assets within the meaning of sec. 27(3) and (4) of the 
Austrian Income Tax Act (except for participations in corporations) if income from such financial assets is 
subject to income tax at a flat rate pursuant to sec. 27a(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act. The tax basis 
is the fair market value of the assets transferred minus any debts, calculated at the time of transfer. The 
tax rate generally is 2.5 per cent., with higher rates applying in special cases. 
In addition, there is a special notification obligation for gifts of money, receivables, shares in corporations, 
participations in partnerships, businesses, movable tangible assets and intangibles if the donor and/or the 
donee has its domicile, its habitual abode, its legal seat and/or its place of management in Austria. Not all 
gifts are covered by the notification obligation: in case of gifts to certain related parties, a threshold of €

--- Page 205 ---
205 
50,000 per year applies; in all other cases, a notification is obligatory if the value of gifts made exceeds an 
amount of € 15,000 during a period of five years. Furthermore, gratuitous transfers to foundations falling 
under the Austrian Foundation Transfer Tax Act described above are also exempt from the notification 
obligation. Intentional violation of the notification obligation may trigger fines of up to 10 per cent. of the 
fair market value of the assets transferred. 
Further, gratuitous transfers of the ETC Securities may trigger income tax at the level of the transferor 
pursuant to sec. 27(6)(1) and (2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act (see above). 
Belgium 
General 
The following is intended as a general guideline and is only a summary of the Issuer’s understanding of 
current Belgian tax law and practice applied to the taxation of the ETC Securities. It is stressed that the 
text is not to be read as extending by implication to matters not specifically discussed therein. The text 
does not take into account or discuss tax laws of any country other than Belgium and is subject to changes 
in Belgian law, including changes that could have retroactive effect. Investors should seek advice from 
their own tax advisers with respect to the taxation in Belgium of proceeds received in respect of such ETC 
Securities.  
Taxation of a Belgian Tax Resident Private Investor or Belgian Legal Entities 
Payments by the Issuer at the Scheduled Maturity Date or Early Redemption Date 
The profit derived from the ETC Securities resulting from the positive difference (if any) between the Final 
Redemption Amount at the Scheduled Maturity Date and the Issue Price or between the Early Redemption 
Amount at the Early Redemption Date and the Issue Price is characterised, under Belgian tax law, as 
interest income. 
Any profit derived from the ETC Securities and paid or attributed via a Belgian paying agent is in principle 
subject to Belgian withholding tax of 30 per cent., and possibly subject to exemptions under Belgian law. 
For individuals (Belgian residents) holding the ETC Securities as a private investment, the 30 per cent. 
withholding tax on any profit derived from the ETC Securities constitutes the final Belgian income tax. The 
Belgian resident is not required to report the profit derived from the ETC Securities in his income tax return. 
In case the individual has received this profit outside Belgium without deduction of Belgian withholding tax, 
he must report this profit in his individual tax return and the profit will be subject to a separate taxation at 
a rate of 30 per cent. (or at the relevant progressive personal income tax rate(s), taking into account the 
taxpayer’s other declared income, if this results in lower taxation). In case the individual realises a loss on 
his ETC Securities, no (withholding) tax will be due, but a tax deduction will not be available either.  
For Belgian legal entities subject to the Belgian legal entities tax, the 30 per cent. withholding tax levied on 
any profit derived from the ETC Securities also constitutes the final Belgian income tax. The profit does 
not need to be reported in the annual income tax return. In case the legal entity has received the profit 
derived from the ETC Securities outside Belgium without deduction of Belgian withholding tax, it must pay 
and report the Belgian withholding tax to the Belgian tax administration itself. In case of a loss, no 
(withholding) tax will be due, but no tax deduction will be available either to the legal entities. 
Sale of the ETC Securities to a third party (other than the Issuer) prior to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date 
The capital gains realised upon transfer to third parties prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date of the ETC 
Securities (i.e. the difference between the transfer price and the Issue Price of the ETC Securities) are in 
principle tax exempt in the hands of Belgian resident individuals, except if the capital gains are realised 
outside the scope of the normal management of the taxpayer’s private estate. No deduction will be 
available, in case a capital loss is incurred.

--- Page 206 ---
206 
The capital gains realised upon transfer to third parties prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date of the ETC 
Securities (i.e. the difference between the transfer price and the Issue Price of the ETC Securities) are in 
principle tax exempt in the hands of Belgian legal entities subject to the Belgian legal entities tax. 
Taxation of Belgian Resident Companies and Belgian Resident Individuals who have Invested 
the ETC Securities in a Business 
The profit derived from the ETC Securities resulting from the (positive) difference (if any) between the Final 
Redemption Amount at the Scheduled Maturity Date and the Issue Price and, in case of transfer prior to 
the Scheduled Maturity Date, resulting from the (positive) difference between the transfer price and the 
Issue Price of the ETC Securities, will be taxable for Belgian resident companies and Belgian resident 
individuals who have invested the ETC Securities in their business activity. 
Profits derived from the ETC Securities by Belgian resident companies are taxed at the ordinary corporate 
income tax rate of 29.58 per cent. as of assessment year 2019 linked to a taxable period starting at the 
earliest on 1 January 2018. Small and medium-sized companies are taxable at the reduced corporate 
income tax rate of 20.4 per cent. on profits up to EUR 100,000. As of assessment year 2021 linked to a 
taxable period starting at the earliest on 1 January 2020, the ordinary corporate income tax rate is 25 per 
cent., and the reduced corporate income tax rate 20 per cent. on profits up to EUR 100,000. Belgian 
resident individuals who have invested the ETC Securities in their business activity are taxable at the 
progressive individual income tax rates (plus local surcharges). Any losses are normally tax deductible. 
Any Belgian withholding tax that has been levied is creditable and refundable subject to certain limitations. 
Under certain conditions, a foreign tax credit of a maximum of 15/85 of the net profit is granted in respect 
of taxes paid abroad. 
Taxation of Non-Belgian Resident Investors 
Non-Belgian resident investors are only taxed on Belgian source profit. 
The non-Belgian resident investors will, as a matter of principle, not be subject to taxation in Belgium in 
respect of any profit derived from the ETC Securities on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, if the profit 
is not collected through a Belgian paying agent. 
However, any profit derived by non-Belgian resident investors (individuals, companies and legal entities) 
upon payment by the Issuer on the Scheduled Maturity Date or Early Redemption Date will normally be 
subject to a Belgian withholding tax of 30 per cent. if this profit is paid in Belgium, i.e. through a Belgian 
paying agent. Exemptions or reductions may apply pursuant to Belgian national tax law, tax treaties or 
European Directives. In the absence of such profit, no taxation will occur in Belgium. 
In addition, non-resident investors who have allocated the ETC Securities to the exercise of a professional 
activity in Belgium through a permanent establishment are subject to the same tax rules as described 
above in the section “Taxation of Belgian Resident Companies and Belgian Resident Individuals who have 
Invested the ETC Securities in a Business”. 
The exchange of information is governed by the Common Reporting Standard (“CRS”). On 3 September 
2020, 109 jurisdictions indeed signed the multilateral competent authority agreement (“MCAA”), which is 
a multilateral framework agreement to automatically exchange financial and personal information, with the 
subsequent bilateral exchanges coming into effect between those signatories that file the subsequent 
notifications.  
Under CRS, financial institutions resident in a CRS country are required to report, according to a due 
diligence standard, financial information with respect to reportable accounts, which includes interest, 
dividends, account balance or value, income from certain insurance products, sales proceeds from 
financial assets and other income generated with respect to assets held in the account or payments made 
with respect to the account. Reportable accounts include accounts held by individuals and entities (which

--- Page 207 ---
207 
includes trusts and foundations) with fiscal residence in another CRS country. The standard includes a 
requirement to look through passive entities to report on the relevant controlling persons. 
On 9 December 2014, EU Member States adopted Directive 2014/107/EU on administrative cooperation 
in direct taxation (“DAC2”), which provides for mandatory automatic exchange of financial information as 
foreseen in CRS. DAC2 amends the previous Directive on administrative cooperation in direct taxation, 
Directive 2011/16/EU. DAC2 amends the previous Directive on administrative cooperation in direct 
taxation, Directive 2011/16/EU and replaces the EC Council Directive 2003/48EC on the taxation of 
savings income (commonly referred to as the “Savings Directive”) as from 1 January 2016. 
Belgium has implemented DAC2, respectively the Common Reporting Standard, by the Law of 16 
December 2015 regarding the exchange of information on financial accounts by Belgian financial 
institutions and by the Belgian tax administration, in the context of an automatic exchange of information 
on an international level and for tax purposes. 
As a result of the Law of 16 December 2015, the mandatory automatic exchange of information applies in 
Belgium (i) as of income year 2016 (first information exchange in 2017) towards the EU Member States 
(including Austria, irrespective of the fact that the automatic exchange of information by Austria towards 
other EU Member States is only foreseen as of income year 2017), (ii) as of income year 2014 (first 
information exchange in 2016) towards the US and (iii), with respect to any other non-EU States that have 
signed the MCAA, as of the respective date is further determined by Royal Decree. In the Royal Decree of 
14 June 2017, as amended, it has been provided that the automatic exchange of information has to be 
provided (i) as from 2017 (for the 2016 financial year) for a first list of eighteen foreign jurisdictions, (ii) as 
from 2018 (for the 2017 financial year) for a second list of 44 jurisdictions and (iii) as from 2019 (for the 
2018 financial year) for another jurisdiction. 
In addition to the aforementioned Belgian withholding tax of 30 per cent., profits derived from the ETC 
Securities may therefore be subject to a system of automatic exchange of information between the relevant 
tax authorities. 
Responsibility for the Withholding of Tax 
If the profit derived from the ETC Securities is paid or attributed to investors via a Belgian paying agent, 
the obligation to retain Belgian withholding tax, if any, is the sole responsibility of the Belgian paying agent. 
Under Belgian tax law the foreign Issuer does not assume any responsibility in this respect. 
Stock Exchange Tax 
In certain events, a Belgian stock exchange tax (Taxe sur les opérations de bourse/Taks op de 
beursverrichtingen) will be due. 
The Belgian stock exchange tax is normally due on a certain number of transactions agreed or executed 
in Belgium, including each transfer and each purchase for consideration in Belgium of the ETC Securities 
through a professional intermediary on the secondary market.  
The tax amounts to 0.35 per cent. of the purchase price of the ETC Securities for each secondary market 
sale and for each secondary market purchase. The tax due on each of the above-mentioned transactions 
is capped at € 1,600 per transaction and per party. A separate tax is due from each party to the transaction, 
both collected by the professional intermediary. 
Following the Law of 25 December 2016, the scope of application of the stock exchange tax has been 
extended as of 1 January 2017 to secondary market transactions of which the order is directly or indirectly 
made to a professional intermediary established outside of Belgium by (i) a private individual with habitual 
residence in Belgium or (ii) a legal entity for the account of its seat or establishment in Belgium (both 
referred to as a “Belgian Investor”). In such a scenario, the stock exchange tax is due by the Belgian 
Investor, unless the Belgian Investor can demonstrate that the stock exchange tax due has already been 
paid by the professional intermediary established outside of Belgium. In the latter case, the foreign

--- Page 208 ---
208 
professional intermediary also has to provide each client (which gives such intermediary an order) with a 
qualifying order statement (bordereau/borderel), at the latest on the business day after the day on which 
the relevant transaction was realised. The qualifying order statements must be numbered in series and 
duplicates must be retained by the financial intermediary. A duplicate can be replaced by a qualifying agent 
day-today listing, numbered in series. Alternatively, professional intermediaries established outside of 
Belgium could appoint a stock exchange tax representative in Belgium, subject to certain conditions and 
formalities (“Stock Exchange Tax Representative”). Such Stock Exchange Tax Representative will then 
be liable toward the Belgian Treasury for the stock exchange tax due and for complying with reporting 
obligations and the obligations relating to the order statement (bordereau/borderel) in that respect. If such 
a Stock Exchange Tax Representative would have paid the stock exchange tax due, the Belgian Investor 
will, as per the above, no longer be the debtor of the stock exchange tax. 
No tax is payable by non-residents acting for their own account, provided they deliver an affidavit to the 
financial intermediary in Belgium confirming their non-resident status, nor by certain other (institutional) 
investors acting for their own account, such as professional intermediaries, insurance companies, 
enterprise pension institutions, collective investment institutions, etc. as listed in art. 126/1 of the Code of 
Miscellaneous Taxes and Duties. 
A request for annulment has been introduced with the Constitutional Court in order to annul the extended 
scope of application as per the Law of 25 December 2016. The Constitutional Court has asked a 
preliminary ruling in that regard from the Court of Justice of the European Union (the “CJEU”). On 30 
January 2020, the CJEU has delivered its preliminary ruling pursuant to which said application of the tax 
on stock exchange transactions would not amount to a violation of Article 56 of the Treaty on the 
Functioning of the European Union or Article 36 of the Agreement on the European Economic Area 
provided that the respective legislation provides certain facilities relating both to the declaration and 
payment of the tax which ensure that the restriction of the freedom to provide services is limited to what is 
necessary to achieve the legitimate objectives pursued by that legislation. If the Constitutional Court were 
to annul said extension without upholding its effects, all taxpayers will be authorised to claim restitution of 
the tax already paid. 
Tax on the Delivery of Bearer Securities 
A tax of 0.60 per cent. on the price to be paid by the purchaser or acquirer is levied on the delivery of 
bearer securities and it is not capped. 
The delivery of bearer securities means the physical delivery of the bearer securities that takes place after 
the acquisition for consideration (purchase on the secondary market) or withdrawal of the securities that 
are deposited on a short deposit account. Delivery to Belgian professional intermediaries falls outside the 
scope of the tax. If no physical delivery of the bearer securities takes place, the tax will not be due. 
The following transactions are exempt from the tax: deliveries made after the acquisition for consideration 
without the intervention of a professional intermediary, and deliveries of foreign securities deposited on a 
short deposit account, when the recipient is a non-resident. 
The tax on the delivery of bearer securities will normally only apply to transactions with ETC Securities in 
bearer form, subject to the above-mentioned exemptions. 
Anti-abuse provision 
Pursuant to article 344, § 2 of the Belgian Income Tax Code 1992, the Belgian Tax Administration is entitled 
to disregard the transfer of certain assets, including cash, to a non-resident company which, by virtue of 
the law of its country of residence, is not subject to income tax or is subject to a tax regime in relation to 
the income produced by the assets transferred which is notably more advantageous than the tax treatment 
which would be applicable in Belgium to such income.

--- Page 209 ---
209 
Pursuant to this provision the Belgian Tax Administration can ignore the cash transfer and tax the Belgian 
investor on a deemed interest as if the transfer had not taken place.  
A Belgian investor can avoid the application of the abovementioned legal fiction by producing evidence 
that (i) the ETC Securities produce income that effectively generates in Belgium a tax burden which is 
normal in comparison with the tax burden which would have arisen if the investment had not taken place 
or (ii) the investment has been carried out for genuine financial or economic needs. 
Finland 
General 
The following is a summary of certain Finnish tax consequences for holders of the ETC Securities who are 
residents of Finland for tax purposes. The summary is based on tax laws and taxation practice, as in effect 
and applied as at the date of this Base Prospectus with respect to securities linked to the value of an 
underlying asset generally, and is intended to provide general information only. However, the tax treatment 
of ETC Securities is not in all respects established and there are no specific tax laws addressing the tax 
treatment of such ETC Securities in Finland. Tax laws, taxation practices and their interpretation are 
constantly under change, which changes may sometimes have a retroactive effect and may change the 
conclusions set out in the summary. 
The summary does not cover situations where individuals hold the ETC Securities in context of business 
activities. The summary does neither cover situations where the ETC Securities are held as investment 
assets or current assets (i.e. allocable to the inventory or otherwise held for trading purposes) by a 
corporation or where there are unrealised changes in the values of the ETC Securities that are held for 
trading purposes. This summary addresses neither Finnish gift nor inheritance tax consequences. 
The summary is furthermore prepared under the assumption that the Issuer is not a resident in Finland for 
Finnish income tax purposes and is not acting from a Finnish branch, permanent establishment or other 
fixed place of business in Finland in connection with the ETC Securities. 
Tax Withholding 
There is no Finnish withholding tax (Fi. lähdevero) applicable to the payments made by the Issuer in 
respect of the ETC Securities. However, Finland operates a system of preliminary taxation (Fi. 
ennakonpidätysjärjestelmä) to secure the payment of taxes in certain circumstances. A tax of 30 per cent 
will be deducted and withheld from all proceeds (at redemption) that are treated as interest or as 
compensation comparable to interest, when such payments are made by a Finnish account operator (i.e. 
a Finnish paying agent) to individuals and death estates. Any preliminary tax (Fi. ennakonpidätys) will be 
used for the payment of the individual’s or the death estate’s final taxes (which means that they are credited 
against the individual’s or death estate’s final tax liability). 
Individuals and Death Estates 
For income tax purposes, the ETC Securities will presumably be considered as assets, the disposal of 
which will result in either a capital gain or loss. Accordingly, individuals and death estates will be subject 
to tax on any capital gains incurred from the disposal of the ETC Securities. Capital gains of individuals 
and death estates are currently taxed at a tax rate of 30 per cent if the total amount of capital income 
(including capital gains) received by an individual or a death estate is € 30,000 or less annually and at a 
tax rate of 34 per cent. to the extent the total amount of capital income (including capital gains) exceeds € 
30,000 annually. 
Capital gains and losses are calculated by deducting from the sales price the original acquisition cost 
added with expenses incurred from the disposal of the ETC Securities. The acquisition cost of the ETC 
Securities is generally considered to consist of the price paid for the ETC Securities added with possible 
expenses incurred from the acquisition. Alternatively, when calculating capital gains, individuals and death

--- Page 210 ---
210 
estates may use a so-called presumed acquisition cost, the amount of which is always a minimum of 20 
per cent. of the sales price. When using the presumed acquisition cost, sales expenses are not separately 
deductible. 
A loss suffered from the disposal of the ETC Securities will presumably be considered as a capital loss. 
Similarly, a loss arising from the expiration of the ETC Securities (as worthless) presumably constitutes a 
capital loss. Capital losses are primarily deductible from capital gains arising in the same year. Any capital 
losses that cannot be used to offset capital gains in the same year can then be applied against other capital 
income in the same year. Any remaining unused capital losses can finally be carried forward for five years 
and used in the same manner as described above. 
Any compensation with respect to the ETC Securities paid at redemption/maturity will be taxed as capital 
income at the tax rate of 30 per cent or 34 per cent as described above (but may not necessarily be treated 
as a capital gain). Possible foreign withholding tax is normally credited in Finland up to the maximum 
amount of taxes payable in Finland. 
Corporations 
Amounts received from the disposal and/or the redemption of the ETC Securities constitutes part of the 
corporation’s taxable income. Correspondingly, the acquisition cost of the ETC Securities is treated as a 
deductible expense in taxation upon disposal or redemption. 
Corporate income is currently taxed at a tax rate of 20 per cent.. 
Possible foreign withholding tax is normally credited in Finland up to the maximum amount of taxes payable 
in Finland. 
France 
General 
This following summary is based on the tax laws and regulations in force in France as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus and such as applied by the French tax authorities, all of which are subject to changes or 
to different interpretation, potentially with retroactive effect. It does not purport to be a comprehensive 
description of all the French tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to purchase, own or 
dispose of the ETC Securities.  
Potential purchasers and sellers of the ETC Securities are advised not to rely upon the tax summary 
contained in this Base Prospectus and/or in the Final Terms but to ask for their own tax adviser’s advice 
on their individual taxation with respect to the purchase, ownership, redemption or disposal of the ETC 
Securities. In particular, this tax summary does not address the tax treatment of ETC Securities holders 
that are subject to special rules, such as partnerships, trusts or regulated investment companies, 
international organisations, banks or other financial institutions, insurance companies, among others. 
Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers as to the French and foreign tax treatment 
especially in light of their particular circumstances. 
The tax treatment described below is based on the assumption that the ETC Securities will be assimilated 
to securities equivalent to bonds (obligations) for French tax purposes.  
Withholding Tax  
To the extent that the Issuer of the ETC Securities is not domiciled or established in France (notably ETC 
Securities are not issued through a permanent establishment of the Issuer in France), the payments made 
on the ETC Securities to a beneficial owner of ETC Securities which is not a French resident for tax 
purposes and does not hold the ETC Securities in connection with a permanent establishment or a fixed 
base in France will not be subject to a withholding tax (retenue à la source) in France.

--- Page 211 ---
211 
French Resident Individuals  
The following is an overview of French tax rules applicable to individuals, resident in France for tax 
purposes, who hold ETC Securities as part of their private assets, who do not trade on the stock market 
on a regular basis and, accordingly, who are not considered as professional traders. Individuals who 
engage in professional trading transactions should consult their tax advisers concerning the tax rules 
applicable in their specific case. 
Redemption Premium 
Redemption premium from obligations issued by foreign entities is subject to personal income tax (Article 
120-8° of the FTC). 
Pursuant to Articles 125 A and 125 D of the FTC, subject to certain limited exceptions, the redemption 
premium received by individuals who are fiscally domiciled in France (domiciliés fiscalement) is subject to 
a 12.8 per cent. advance tax (payable either by way of a withholding or by the individuals themselves), 
which is deductible from their personal income tax liability in respect of the year in which the payment has 
been made. 
The redemption premium is then subject to personal income tax either at the flat tax rate of 12.8 per cent. 
or, upon election of the taxpayer, at the progressive scale with a maximum rate of 45 per cent. (the election 
for a taxation at the progressive scale being global and then applied to all the savings income and capital 
gains of the taxpayer), the above mentioned advance tax of 12.8 per cent. being in both cases deductible 
from the personal income tax liability. 
Social contributions are levied (either by way of withholding or paid by the individuals themselves) at an 
aggregate rate of 17.2 per cent., broken down as follows: 
 
a general social contribution (Contribution sociale généralisée) of 9.2 per cent. (of which 6.8 per 
cent. is deductible from the basis of assessment for personal income tax for the year of payment); 
 
an additional contribution to the social levy (Prélèvement de solidarité) of 7.5 per cent.; and 
 
a social security debt repayment contribution (Contribution au remboursement de la dette sociale) 
of 0.5 per cent..  
A tax on higher income (Contribution exceptionnelle sur les hauts revenus) is applicable at a rate of 3 per 
cent. to 4 per cent. on the income derived by individuals which exceeds € 250,000 (for single persons) or 
€ 500,000 (for couples). 
Losses derived from the redemption of the ETC Securities cannot be deducted from the holder’s taxable 
income. 
Capital Gains 
Capital gains realised on sales of ETC Securities are subject to personal income tax either at the flat tax 
rate of 12.8 per cent., or upon election of the taxpayer, to personal income tax at progressive rates, with a 
maximum rate of 45 per cent. (the election for a taxation at the progressive scale being global and then 
applied to all the savings income and capital gains of the taxpayer), as of the first euro earned (Article 200-
A 2 of the FTC), to which are added the following social contributions at an aggregate rate of 17.2 per cent. 
 
a general social contribution (Contribution sociale généralisée) of 9.2 per cent. (of which 6.8 per 
cent. is deductible from the basis of assessment for personal income tax for the year of payment); 
 
an additional contribution to the social levy (Prélèvement de solidarité) of 7.5 per cent.; and 
 
a social security debt repayment contribution (Contribution au remboursement de la dette sociale) 
of 0.5 per cent..

--- Page 212 ---
212 
A tax on higher income (Contribution exceptionnelle sur les hauts revenus) is applicable at a rate of 3 per 
cent. to 4 per cent. on the income derived by individuals which exceeds € 250,000 (for single persons) or 
€ 500,000 (for couples). 
Capital losses may only be used to offset capital gains of the same type incurred within the same year; in 
case of a remaining negative balance of capital losses, capital losses are then used to offset capital gains 
of the following 10 years.  
French Real Estate Wealth Tax 
As from 1 January 2018, the French wealth tax (impôt de solidarité sur la fortune) is repealed and replaced 
by the French real estate wealth tax (impôt sur la fortune immobilière).  
ETC Securities held by individuals in their personal portfolio would broadly only be included in the basis of 
assessment for French real estate wealth tax (impôt sur la fortune immobilière), as the case may be, in 
respect of the portion of the value of the ETC Securities representing French real estate assets. As at 
1 January 2020, French wealth tax is applicable at a maximum rate of 1.5 per cent. to individuals who own 
personal real estate assets where their net asset value exceeds € 1,300,000. 
Duties on Inheritance and Gift Tax 
Subject to certain conditions, ETC Securities inherited or received as gifts by individuals are subject to 
inheritance and gift taxes in France.  
Legal Entities Subject to Corporate Income Tax in France 
Redemption Premium 
The redemption premium is calculated by the difference between the amounts to be received and the 
amounts paid at the time of the acquisition or subscription of the ETC securities. 
The premium is subject to a staggered taxation when the premium, computed as indicated above, exceeds 
10 per cent. of the subscription or acquisition price and for ETC Securities whose average issue price is 
not greater than 90 per cent. of their redemption value (Article 238 septies E II 1° of the FTC).  
In the other cases (where the conditions are not met), the premium is taxable at the time of reimbursement. 
Where the redemption value of the ETC Securities cannot be determined before the maturity date, the 
securities holder may be subject to tax on a deemed redemption premium. The taxable portion of the 
deemed premium is equal to the difference between (i) the fraction of the deemed premium accrued until 
the end of the fiscal year, and (ii) the fractions taxed during the previous fiscal years. The deemed premium 
results from the application to the acquisition price, according to the method of compound interest, of a 
deemed interest rate equal to 105 per cent. of the last monthly interest rate applicable in respect of long 
term public loans (taux mensuels des emprunts d’Etat à long terme) known at the date of the acquisition 
(Article 238 septies E II 2 and 3 of the FTC). Furthermore, the redemption date is deemed to be the most 
distant date mentioned in the contract. 
In the specific circumstances where the ETC Securities are treated as index-linked (it being noted that the 
qualification of the ETC Securities as index-linked or non index-linked is not clear under French law), the 
redemption premium is computed at the end of the fiscal year as the value of reimbursement that takes 
into account the variation of the deemed index (Article 238 septies E II 2 and 3 of the FTC). The taxable 
portion of the deemed premium is equal to the difference between (i) the fraction of the deemed premium 
accrued until the end of the fiscal year, computed at a rate which, in accordance with the methods of 
compound interest, allows obtaining of the reimbursement value (that takes into account the variation of 
the deemed index) and (ii) the fractions taxed during the previous fiscal years according to the same 
method.

--- Page 213 ---
213 
In order to avoid double taxation, when the ETC Securities are sold or reimbursed, the portion of the 
premium that has already been subject to the staggered taxation during the previous financial year is 
deducted in determining the capital gain. 
The redemption premium is subject to corporate income tax (“CIT”) at the following rate. 
For fiscal years opened on or after 1 January 2020, CIT is levied, in the general case, at a standard rate 
of 28 per cent. and is increased by a social contribution (contribution sociale) at a 3.3 per cent. rate applied 
on the CIT due, after deduction of € 763,000 per 12-month period (Article 235 ter ZC of the FTC). Certain 
legal entities may pay CIT at the reduced rate of 15 per cent., up to a maximum taxable amount of € 38,120 
per 12-month period, and may qualify for exemption from the 3.3 per cent. social contribution under certain 
conditions (Articles 219-I-b and 235 ter ZC of the FTC). The standard CIT rate will be reduced progressively 
to reach a rate of 26.5 per cent. applicable for fiscal years opened on or after 1 January 2021, and of 25 
per cent. for fiscal years opened on or after 1 January 2022. Pursuant to the French Finance Act for 2020, 
companies with a turnover higher than €250 million will be taxed at a rate of 31 per cent. for fiscal years 
opened on or after 1 January 2020 and 27.5 per cent. for fiscal years opened on or after 1 January 2021 
(increased by a social contribution (contribution sociale) at a 3.3 per cent. rate applied on the CIT due, 
after deduction of € 763,000 per 12-month period). 
Capital Gains 
Capital gains or losses realised on the sale of ETC Securities by a legal entity subject to CIT are subject 
to the short-term capital gains or short-term capital losses regime. 
Capital gains are included in the taxable income of the current fiscal year at the time of their realisation 
and are taxable at the standard CIT rate of 28 per cent. plus the 3.3 per cent. social contribution (or the 
reduced rate of 15 per cent. up to € 38,120 of taxable income, where applicable). As mentioned above, 
the standard CIT rate will progressively be reduced to reach a rate of 26.5 per cent. for fiscal years opened 
on or after 1 January 2021, and of 25 per cent. for fiscal years opened on or after 1 January 2022. Pursuant 
to the French Finance Act for 2020, companies with a turnover higher than €250 million will be taxed at a 
rate of 31 per cent. for fiscal years opened on or after 1 January 2020 and 27.5 per cent. for fiscal years 
opened on or after 1 January 2021 (increased by a social contribution (contribution sociale) at a 3.3 per 
cent. rate applied on the CIT due, after deduction of € 763,000 per 12-month period). 
 
Capital losses are charged against taxable income or contribute to the creation of losses carried forward 
under the conditions set forth by commonly applicable law. 
Germany 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the purchasing, holding and 
disposing of the ETC Securities. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations 
relating to the ETC Securities. In particular, this discussion does not consider any specific facts or 
circumstances that may apply to a particular holder of the ETC Securities. The discussions that follow are 
based upon the applicable German laws in force and their interpretation on the date of this Base 
Prospectus. These tax laws and interpretations are subject to change that may occur after such date, even 
with retrospective effect. 
Prospective holders of the ETC Securities should consult their own tax advisers as to the particular tax 
consequences of subscribing, purchasing, holding and disposing the ETC Securities, including the 
application and effect of any federal, state or local taxes, under the tax laws of Germany and each country 
of which they are residents or citizens.

--- Page 214 ---
214 
Income Tax 
ETC Securities Held by Tax Residents as Private Assets 
In case the ETC Securities are held as private assets (Privatvermögen) by an individual investor whose 
residence or habitual abode is in Germany, any amounts received with respect to the ETC Securities are 
qualified as proceeds from receivables (Erträge aus sonstigen Kapitalforderungen). Although the German 
Income Tax Code distinguishes between the taxation of current proceeds from receivables and the taxation 
of capital gains from receivables, all proceeds are taxed as capital investment income (Einkünfte aus 
Kapitalvermögen) at a 25 per cent. flat tax (Abgeltungsteuer) (plus a 5.5 per cent. solidarity surcharge 
(Solidaritätszuschlag) thereon and, if applicable to the individual investor, church tax). The solidarity 
surcharge is subject to pending proceedings before the Federal Constitutional Court. By law of 10 
December 2019 the solidarity surcharge was partially abolished with effect from 2021; however, this only 
applies to low incomes and in no case to flat-taxed capital investment income. 
Individual investors are entitled to a tax allowance (Sparer-Pauschbetrag) for amounts treated as 
investment income of € 801 per year (€ 1,602 for jointly assessed individual investors). The tax allowance 
is considered for purposes of the withholding tax if the investor files a withholding tax exemption request 
(Freistellungsauftrag) with the respective Domestic Paying Agent (as described below) where the 
securities deposit account to which the ETC Securities are allocated is held. The deduction of the effective 
income related expenses for tax purposes is not possible. 
The flat tax does not apply if – as a result of the so-called more favourable-test (Günstigerprüfung) – 
taxation at the personal income tax rate of the Securityholder is more favourable.  
Capital losses from the sale or redemption of the ETC Securities held as private assets should generally 
be tax-recognised irrespective of the holding period of the ETC Securities. According to the view of German 
tax authorities losses suffered upon a bad debt loss (Forderungsausfall) and a waiver of a receivable 
(Forderungsverzicht) (to the extent the waiver does not qualify as a hidden contribution) shall, in general, 
not be deductible for tax purposes. With respect to a bad debt loss the German Federal Tax Court has 
recently rejected the view of German tax authorities. With respect to a (voluntary) waiver of receivable a 
lower German fiscal court confirmed the view of German tax authorities in a final decision. The German 
tax authorities did not recognise a capital loss if securities are sold or redeemed at a selling price, which 
falls short of transaction costs. The same applied if transaction costs are limited by an agreement with the 
custodian bank according to which the transaction costs are calculated based on the selling price taking 
certain deductions into account. However, the German Federal Tax Court decided in 2018 that a disposal 
at a purchase price below transaction costs is to be recognised for tax purposes and in 2019 the German 
Federal Ministry of Finance announced that the German tax authorities will comply with the decision of the 
German Federal Tax Court. 
In response to the above-mentioned decisions of the Federal Fiscal Court, the legislator has amended the 
Income Tax Act with effect from 1 January 2020, according to which bad debt losses, losses from the 
derecognition or transfer of worthless securities (and other assets in the meaning of Section 20 para. 1 of 
the German Income Tax Act; EStG) to a third party can only be offset with positive capital investment 
income up to an amount of EUR 10,000. Losses not offset can be carried forward to subsequent years and 
offset against positive capital investment income up to EUR 10,000. Furthermore, the legislator 
implemented – with effect from 1 January 2021 – a separate loss set-off pool (Verlustverrechnungskreis) 
for forward transactions (Termingeschäfte) within the meaning of Section 20 para. 2 no. 3 German Income 
Tax Act (EStG). According to this, losses from forward transactions cannot be offset against other positive 
capital investment income, but only against income from forward transactions and option taker premiums 
(Stillhalterprämien), limited to EUR 10,000. Losses not offset can be carried forward and offset in 
subsequent years up to EUR 10,000. The tax authorities have an extremely broad understanding of the 
term "forward transaction", which possibly also includes ETC Securities.

--- Page 215 ---
215 
Apart from the restrictions on the use of losses described above, any tax-recognised capital losses may 
not be used to offset other income like employment or business income but may only be offset against 
investment income. Capital losses not utilised in one annual assessment period may be carried forward 
into subsequent assessment periods but may not be carried back into preceding assessment periods. 
The flat tax is generally collected by way of withholding. If the ETC Securities are kept or administered in 
a domestic securities deposit account by a German credit or financial services institution (or by a German 
branch of a foreign credit or financial services institution), or by a German securities trading firm 
(Wertpapierhandelsunternehmen) or a German securities trading bank (Wertpapierhandelsbank) 
(together, the “Domestic Paying Agent”) since their acquisition, a 25 per cent. withholding tax, plus a 5.5 
per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon (and, if applicable to the individual investor, church tax), is levied on 
capital gains from the sale or redemption of the ETC Securities, resulting in a total withholding tax charge 
of 26.375 per cent.. If the ETC Securities were sold or redeemed after being transferred to a securities 
deposit account with a Domestic Paying Agent, the 25 per cent. withholding tax (plus solidarity surcharge 
thereon and, if applicable to the individual investor, church tax) would be levied on 30 per cent. of the 
proceeds from the sale or the redemption, as the case may be, unless the investor or the previous account 
bank was able and allowed to provide evidence for the investor’s actual acquisition costs to the Domestic 
Paying Agent. The applicable withholding tax rate is in excess of the aforementioned rate if church tax is 
applicable to the individual investor. In this case the collection of church tax on capital gains from the sale 
or redemption of the ETC Securities is provided for as a standard procedure unless the Securityholder has 
filed a blocking notice (Sperrvermerk) with the German Federal Central Tax Office (Bundeszentralamt für 
Steuern). 
If no Domestic Paying Agent (as defined above) is involved in the payment process or if no or insufficient 
withholding tax is withheld by a Domestic Paying Agent, the Securityholder will have to include its income 
from the ETC Securities in its tax return and the flat income tax of 25 per cent., plus a 5.5 per cent. solidarity 
surcharge thereon and, if applicable to the individual investor, church tax, will be collected by way of 
assessment. 
Payment of the flat tax will generally satisfy any income tax liability of the Securityholders in respect of 
such investment income. Securityholders may apply for a tax assessment on the basis of general rules 
applicable to them if the resulting income tax burden is lower than 25 per cent.. 
ETC Securities Held by Tax Residents as Business Assets 
If the ETC Securities are held as business assets (Betriebsvermögen) by an individual or corporate investor 
that is tax resident in Germany (i.e. persons whose residence, habitual abode, statutory seat, or place of 
effective management and control is located in Germany), capital gains from the sale or redemption of the 
ETC Securities are subject to personal or corporate income tax (plus solidarity surcharge thereon and, if 
applicable to the individual investor, church tax). Losses realised on the sale or redemption of the ETC 
Securities may be offset in particular against items of positive income under the general tax rules or 
deducted as part of losses carried back or forward, although the minimum taxation rules (Section 10 d 
para. 1 and 2 German Income Tax Act, (Einkommensteuergesetz, EStG)) must be taken into account. 
Capital gains from the sale or redemption of the ETC Securities will also be subject to trade tax. 
If a Domestic Paying Agent (as defined above) is involved in the payment process tax at a rate of 25 per 
cent. (plus a 5.5 per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon and, if applicable to the individual investor, church 
tax) shall also be withheld from capital gains from the sale or redemption of the ETC Securities. With 
respect to church tax applicable to an individual investor please see above under “ETC Securities Held by 
Tax Residents as Private Assets”. If the creditor of the investment income is a corporation, certain 
investment income (in particular capital gains) is exempt from withholding tax (Section 43 para. 2 sent. 3 
no. 1 German Income Tax Act). The same applies to creditors of a different legal form, in particular a 
partnership, if the latter declares to the Paying Agent – using an officially prescribed form – that the

--- Page 216 ---
216 
investment income constitutes business income (Bertriebseinnahmen) of a domestic establishment 
(Section 43 para. 2 sent. 3 no. 2 German Income Tax Act). 
Any German withholding tax (including surcharges) is generally fully creditable against the investor’s 
personal or corporate income tax liability or refundable, as the case may be.  
ETC Securities Held by Non-tax Residents 
Amounts derived from the ETC Securities by holders who are not tax resident in Germany are in general 
non-taxable in Germany and no withholding tax shall be withheld, unless (i) the ETC Securities are held 
as business assets of a German permanent establishment of the investor or by a permanent German 
representative of the investor, or (ii) the income is paid by a Domestic Paying Agent against presentation 
of the ETC Securities (if applicable) (so-called over-the-counter transaction, Tafelgeschäft). 
If the income derived from the ETC Securities is subject to German taxation according to (i) or (ii) above, 
the income is subject to German income taxation and withholding tax similar to that described above for 
German tax residents. Under certain circumstances, foreign investors may benefit from tax reductions or 
tax exemptions under applicable double tax treaties (Doppelbesteuerungsabkommen) entered into with 
Germany. 
Inheritance and Gift Tax 
The transfer of the ETC Securities to another person by way of gift or inheritance may be subject to German 
gift or inheritance tax, respectively, if inter alia: 
(i) 
the testator, the donor, the heir, the donee or any other acquirer had his residence, habitual abode 
or, in case of a corporation, association (Personenvereinigung) or estate (Vermögensmasse), has 
its seat or place of management in Germany at the time of the transfer of property; or 
(ii) 
except as provided under (i), the testator's or donor's ETC Securities belong to business assets 
attributable to a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in Germany. 
Special regulations may apply to certain German expatriates. 
Prospective investors are urged to consult with their tax advisor to determine the particular 
inheritance or gift tax consequences in light of their particular circumstances. Other Taxes 
No stamp, issue, registration, value added or similar taxes or duties will be payable in Germany in 
connection with the issuance, delivery or execution of the ETC Securities. Under certain circumstances, 
however, entrepreneurs may opt for value added tax with regard to the sale of the ETC Securities to other 
entrepreneurs. Currently, net assets tax (Vermögensteuer) is not levied in Germany. 
Ireland 
The following summary outlines certain aspects of Irish tax law and practice regarding the ownership and 
disposition of ETC Securities. This summary deals only with ETC Securities held beneficially as capital 
assets and does not address special classes of holders of ETC Securities such as dealers in securities. 
This summary is not exhaustive and holders of ETC Securities are advised to consult their own tax advisers 
in respect of the taxation consequences of their ownership or disposition. The comments are made on the 
assumptions that (i) the Issuer is not resident in Ireland for Irish tax purposes, (ii) the Issuer does not carry 
on a trade or business in Ireland through a branch or agency, (iii) the Issuer was not incorporated in Ireland 
and (iv) the ETC Securities are not secured over Irish land or real property. The summary is based on 
current Irish taxation legislation and practice of the Irish Revenue Commissioners. 
Irish Withholding Tax 
Under Irish tax law there is no obligation on the Issuer to operate any withholding tax on payments on the 
ETC Securities except where the payment has an Irish source and is either a payment of annual interest

--- Page 217 ---
217 
or an amount treated under Irish law as a payment of annual interest. A payment could be considered to 
have an Irish source, where, for example, it is paid out of funds maintained in Ireland or where the ETC 
Securities are secured on Irish situate assets, which it is understood will not be the case. The mere offering 
of the ETC Securities to Irish investors will not cause a payment to have an Irish source. 
In certain circumstances collection agents and other persons receiving such payments on the ETC 
Securities in Ireland on behalf of an Irish resident holder of ETC Securities will be obliged to operate a 
withholding tax. 
Taxation of Amounts Treated as Income 
The taxation of sums received in respect of the ETC Securities from the Issuer on maturity or buy-back is 
not clear. It is possible that amounts received in excess of the original subscription amount could be 
regarded as income for Irish tax purposes and potentially subject to income or corporation taxes. 
Unless exempted, an Irish resident or ordinarily resident holder of ETC Securities and a non-resident holder 
of ETC Securities holding through an Irish branch or agency will be liable to Irish tax on the amount of 
income (or amounts regarded as income under Irish law, if any) received from the Issuer. Individuals would 
suffer income tax plus potentially pay related social insurance (“PRSI”) and universal social charge 
(“USC”). Corporate investors will suffer corporation tax. Credit against Irish tax on the income (or amounts 
regarded as income under Irish law, if any) received may be available in respect of any foreign withholding 
tax deducted by the Issuer. 
Taxation of Capital Gains 
In the case of a disposal of the securities to an unconnected third party, it is likely that any sums received 
would be regarded as capital receipts and potentially subject to taxes on capital gains. 
Subject to the comments above, Irish resident or ordinarily resident holders of ETC Securities and non-
resident holders of ETC Securities holding ETC Securities through an Irish branch or agency will be liable 
to Irish tax on capital gains on any gains arising on a disposal of ETC Securities. Reliefs and allowances 
may be available in computing the holder’s liability. 
Stamp Duty 
Transfers of ETC Securities should not be subject to Irish stamp duty, provided the transfers do not relate 
to Irish land or buildings or securities of an Irish registered company. 
Capital Acquisitions Tax 
A gift or inheritance comprising of ETC Securities will be within the charge to capital acquisitions tax if 
either (i) the disponer or the donee/successor in relation to the gift or inheritance is resident or ordinarily 
resident in Ireland (or, in certain circumstances, if the disponer is domiciled in Ireland irrespective of his 
residence or that of the donee/successor) or (ii) if the ETC Securities are regarded as property situate in 
Ireland. This tax is charged on gifts and inheritances above a certain threshold determined both by the 
relationship between the disponer and the donee/successor and previous gifts or inheritances received. 
Offshore fund taxation 
While the holding of ETC Securities could potentially be treated as a 'material interest' in an offshore fund 
for the purposes of Chapter 2 of Part 27 of the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997 (the “TCA”) and subject to 
the more onerous tax provisions applicable to offshore funds, the Irish Revenue Commissioners have 
released guidance indicating that exchange traded commodities which are generally structured as debt 
instruments will not come within the tax regime for offshore funds but instead will come within general tax 
principles (as to which we refer to above).  
As recommended above, holders of ETC Securities should obtain independent tax advice in relation to the 
tax implications of holding and disposing of ETC Securities.

--- Page 218 ---
218 
Provision of Information 
Generally 
Holders of ETC Securities should be aware that where any amounts regarded as interest under Irish law 
or other payment on ETC Securities is paid to them by or through an Irish paying agent or collection agent 
then the relevant person may be required to supply the Irish Revenue Commissioners with details of the 
payment and certain details relating to the holder. Where the holder of the ETC Securities is not Irish 
resident, the details provided to the Irish Revenue Commissioners may, in certain cases, be passed by 
them to the tax authorities of the jurisdiction in which the holder is resident for taxation purposes. 
Italy 
With regard to certain innovative or structured financial instruments there is currently no case law as to the 
tax treatment of such financial instruments. Accordingly, it cannot be excluded that the Italian tax authorities 
will change their current view, as specified below, and courts will adopt a view different from that outlined 
below. All of the following is subject to change, which change could apply retroactively and could affect the 
continued validity of this summary. Because it is a general summary, it does not purport to be a complete 
analysis of all tax considerations that may be relevant to the decision to purchase, own or dispose of the 
ETC Securities nor does it purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of 
prospective beneficial owners of ETC Securities, some of which may be subject to special rules. 
Securityholders should consult their own tax advisors as to the Italian or other tax consequences of the 
purchase, holding and disposition of ETC Securities including, in particular, the application to their specific 
situations of the tax consequences discussed below. 
This summary assumes that the Issuer is not a tax resident nor deemed to be a tax resident of Italy and 
that it has no permanent establishment within the Italian territory. 
Italian corporate and individual income tax 
Provided that the ETC Securities qualify broadly as derivative instruments for the purposes of Italian tax 
law, which they are expected to do, the following consequences apply to a Securityholder pursuant to 
article 67(1)(c-quarter) of Presidential Decree no. 917 of 22 December 1986, as subsequently amended 
and according to the Italian tax authority’s Resolution no. 72/E of 12 July 2010. 
According to Legislative Decree no. 461 of 21 November 1997, where the Italian resident Securityholder 
is: (i) an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the ETC Securities are connected, 
(ii) a non-commercial partnership, (iii) a non-commercial private or public institution, or (iv) an investor 
exempt from Italian corporate income taxation, capital gains realised on the sale or redemption of the ETC 
Securities are subject to a 26 per cent. substitute tax (imposta sostitutiva).  
In this respect, Securityholders who are Italian resident individuals may opt for three different taxation 
regimes (regime della dichiarazione, regime del risparmio amministrato, regime del risparmio gestito). This 
option may result in certain impacts that the prospective investors should consider with their tax advisers. 
In particular, provided that certain conditions are met, the depository is responsible for accounting for 
imposta sostitutiva and is required to pay the relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the 
taxpayer, deducting a corresponding amount from the proceeds to be credited to the Securityholder or 
using funds provided by the Securityholder for this purpose. Under certain conditions, capital losses may 
be deducted from the above mentioned capital gains. 
Where an Italian resident Securityholder is a company or similar commercial entity, or the Italian permanent 
establishment of a foreign commercial entity to which the ETC Securities are effectively connected, capital 
gains arising from the ETC Securities will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the 
relevant Securityholder’s income tax return and are therefore subject to Italian corporate tax (IRES, 
currently applicable at a basic rate of 24 per cent. which may be increased by 3.5 per cent. for banks and 
certain financial intermediaries; for fiscal years 2019, 2020 and 2021, IRES rate is also increased by 3.5

--- Page 219 ---
219 
per cent. for entities managing motorway, airport management, port and railway concessions pursuant to 
article 1(716) of Law no. 160 of 27 December 2019). In certain cases, depending on the status of such 
holder, capital gains arising from the ETC Securities may also have to be included in the relevant 
Securityholder’s taxable base for regional tax purposes (IRAP, currently applicable at a basic rate of 3.9 
per cent). The IRAP rate may be increased in certain Italian regions; IRAP rate has also been increased 
by article 23(5) of Law Decree no. 98 of 6 July 2011 to 4.65 per cent. for banks and other financial 
institutions and to 5.9 per cent. for the insurance companies as indicated, respectively, under article 6 and 
article 7 of Legislative Decree no. 446 of 15 December 1997. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Securityholders without a permanent establishment in Italy 
are not subject to Italian taxation, if (i) the ETC Securities are held outside of Italy, (ii) the ETC Securities 
have been deposited in Italy and are traded on a regulated market or (iii) the ETC Securities have been 
deposited in Italy but are not traded on a regulated market and the beneficial owner of proceeds from the 
relevant ETC Securities complies with certain filing requirements and is a resident of a country which is 
included in the list of jurisdictions allowing exchange of information with the Italian tax authorities as 
provided under the relevant list which is currently contained in a Ministerial Decree of 4 September 1996, 
and in the following periodical updates. 
Should the ETC Securities be deemed to constitute units in foreign investment funds, proceeds from capital 
deriving from the ETC Securities should be included in the taxable income of the Italian resident recipient 
and may be subject to a 26 per cent. withholding tax applied by Italian resident entities, if any, which 
intervene in the payment of the relevant proceeds as well as in the repurchase or negotiation of the ETC 
Securities. 
Italian inheritance and gift taxes 
Law no. 286 of 24 November 2006, which has converted into law, with amendments, Law Decree no. 262 
of 3 October 2006, has introduced inheritance and gift tax to be paid at the transfer of assets (such as the 
ETC Securities) and rights by reason of death or gift. 
As regards the inheritance and gift tax to be paid at the transfer of the ETC Securities by reason of death 
or gift, the following rates apply: 
(i) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct relatives are subject to a rate of 4 
per cent. on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding € 1,000,000.00 for each transferor; 
(ii) 
transfers in favour of brothers and sisters are subject to a rate of 6 per cent. on the value of the 
inheritance or the gift exceeding € 100,000.00 for each transferor; 
(iii) 
transfers in favour of relatives up to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third degree, are 
subject to a rate of 6 per cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift; 
(iv) 
any other transfer is subject to a rate of 8 per cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift; 
and 
(v) 
transfers in favour of seriously disabled persons are subject to a tax at the relevant rate as described 
above on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding € 1,500,000.00 for each transferor. 
Moreover, an anti-avoidance rule is provided by Law no. 383 of 18 October 2001 for any gift of assets 
(such as the ETC Securities) which, if sold for consideration, would give rise to capital gains subject to the 
imposta sostitutiva provided for by Legislative Decree no. 461 of 21 November 1997. In particular, if the 
donee sells the ETC Securities for consideration within five years from the receipt thereof as a gift, the 
donee is required to pay the relevant imposta sostitutiva on capital gains as if the gift had never taken 
place. 
Stamp duty

--- Page 220 ---
220 
Pursuant to article 19(1) of Decree no. 201 of 6 December 2011 (“Decree 201”), a proportional stamp duty 
applies on an annual basis to the periodic reporting communications sent by financial intermediaries, 
carrying out their business activity within the Italian territory, to their clients for ETC Securities deposited 
therewith. The stamp duty applies at the current rate of 0.2 per cent.; this stamp duty is determined on the 
basis of the market value or — if no market value figure is available — the nominal value or redemption 
amount of the ETC Securities held. The stamp duty can be no lower than € 34.20. If the client is not an 
individual, the stamp duty cannot be higher than € 14,000.00. 
It may be understood that the stamp duty applies both to Italian resident and non-Italian resident investors, 
to the extent that the ETC Securities are held with an Italian-based financial intermediary. 
Wealth Tax on securities deposited abroad 
Pursuant to article 19(18) of Decree 201, Italian resident individuals holding the ETC Securities outside the 
Italian territory are required to pay an additional tax at the current rate of 0.2 per cent. for each year. 
Pursuant to article 1(710) of Law no. 160 of 27 December 2019, as of fiscal year 2020 the mentioned tax 
is also due by Italian resident non-commercial entities and Italian partnerships (i.e. società semplici and 
assimilated companies) holding the ETC Securities outside the Italian territory. 
This tax is calculated on the market value of the ETC Securities at the end of the relevant year or — if no 
market value figure is available — the nominal value or the redemption value of such financial assets held 
outside the Italian territory. Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit equivalent to the amount of any 
wealth tax paid in the State where the financial assets are held (up to an amount equal to the Italian wealth 
tax due). 
Tax Monitoring Obligations 
Italian-resident individuals (and certain other entities) are required to report in their yearly income tax 
return, according to Law Decree no. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted into law by Law no. 227 of 4 August 
1990, for tax monitoring purposes, the amount of notes held abroad (or beneficially owned abroad under 
Italian anti-money laundering provisions). This also applies in the case that at the end of the tax year, notes 
are no longer held by the above Italian-resident individuals and entities. 
However, the above reporting obligation is not required in case that the financial assets are deposited for 
management with Italian banks, SIMs, fiduciary companies or other professional intermediaries, indicated 
in article 1 of Decree no. 167 of 28 June 1990, or if one of such intermediaries intervenes as a counterpart 
in their transfer, provided that income deriving from such financial assets is collected thorough the 
intervention of such an intermediary. 
Luxembourg  
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for 
Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a tax, duty, 
levy, impost or other charge or withholding of a similar nature refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts 
only. Also, please note that a reference to Luxembourg income tax encompasses corporate income tax 
(impôt sur le revenu des collectivités), municipal business tax (impôt commercial communal), a solidarity 
surcharge (impôt de solidarité), as well as personal income tax (impôt sur le revenu) generally. Investors 
may further be subject to net wealth tax (impôt sur la fortune) as well as other duties, levies or taxes. 
Corporate income tax, municipal business tax as well as the solidarity surcharge invariably apply to most 
corporate taxpayers resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes. Individual taxpayers are generally subject 
to personal income tax and the solidarity surcharge. Under certain circumstances, where an individual 
taxpayer acts in the course of the management of a professional or business undertaking, municipal 
business tax may apply as well.

--- Page 221 ---
221 
Withholding Tax 
Under Luxembourg tax law currently in effect and subject to certain exceptions (as described below), there 
is no Luxembourg withholding tax upon interest payment or repayment of principal in case of 
reimbursement, redemption, repurchase or exchange of the ETC Securities. 
Under the Luxembourg law dated 23 December 2005, as amended (the “December 2005 Law”), interest 
payments made by paying agents established in Luxembourg (as defined in the December 2005 Law) to 
Luxembourg individual residents are subject to a 20 per cent. withholding tax. Such withholding tax will be 
in full discharge of income tax if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of the management 
of his/her private wealth. Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg 
paying agent.  
In the event of payments under the ETC Securities coming within the scope of the December 2005 Law, 
such payments would at present be subject to withholding tax of 20 per cent.. As no return in respect of 
ETC Securities (whether in the form of cash, on redemption, or as a result of trading) should constitute a 
payment of interest for the purposes of the December 2005 Law, it is not envisaged that withholding tax 
should become due by virtue of the December 2005 Law. 
Income Taxation 
Non-resident Holders of ETC Securities 
A non-resident corporate holder of ETC Securities or a non-resident individual holder of ETC Securities 
acting in the course of the management of a professional or business undertaking, who has a permanent 
establishment or permanent representative in Luxembourg to which such ETC Securities are attributable, 
is subject to Luxembourg income tax on any gains realised upon the sale or disposal, in any form 
whatsoever, of the ETC Securities. 
Resident Holders of ETC Securities 
A corporate holder of ETC Securities must include any gain realised on the sale or disposal, in any form 
whatsoever, of the ETC Securities, in its taxable income for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes. 
The same inclusion applies to an individual holder of ETC Securities, acting in the course of the 
management of a professional or business undertaking. 
A holder of ETC Securities that is governed by the law of 11 May 2007 on family estate management 
companies, or by the law of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for collective investment, as amended, or 
by the law of 13 February 2007 on specialised investment funds as amended, or by the law of 23 July 2016 
on reserved alternative investment funds governed (provided it is not foreseen in the incorporation 
documents that (i) the exclusive object is the investment in risk capital and that (ii) article 48 of the 
aforementioned law of 23 July 2016 does not apply), is not subject to Luxembourg income tax in respect 
of gains realised on the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the ETC Securities. 
A gain realised by an individual holder of ETC Securities, acting in the course of the management of his/her 
private wealth, upon the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of ETC Securities is not subject to 
Luxembourg income tax, provided this sale or disposal took place more than six months after the ETC 
Securities were acquired. 
Net Wealth Taxation 
A corporate holder of ETC Securities, whether it is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes or, if not, it 
maintains a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in Luxembourg to which such ETC 
Securities are attributable, is subject to Luxembourg net wealth tax on such ETC Securities, except if the 
holder of ETC Securities is governed by the law of 11 May 2007 on family estate management companies, 
as amended, or by the law of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for collective investment, as amended, 
or by the law of 13 February 2007 on specialised investment funds, or is a securitisation company governed 
by the law of 22 March 2004 on securitisation, as amended, or is a capital company governed by the law

--- Page 222 ---
222 
of 15 June 2004 on venture capital vehicles, as amended or is a reserved alternative investment fund 
governed by the law of 23 July 2016. However, a securitisation company subject to the amended law of 
22 March 2004 and a company subject to the amended law of 15 June 2004 on venture capital vehicles 
are, as from 1 January 2016, subject to a minimum net wealth tax, as are reserved alternative investment 
funds subject to the law of 23 July 2016, provided it is foreseen in the incorporation documents that (i) the 
exclusive object is the investment in risk capital and that (ii) article 48 of the aforementioned law of 23 July 
2016 applies. 
An individual holder of ETC Securities, whether he/she is resident of Luxembourg or not, is not subject to 
Luxembourg net wealth tax on such ETC Securities. 
Other Taxes 
Neither the issuance nor the transfer of ETC Securities will give rise to any Luxembourg stamp duty, value 
added tax, issuance tax, registration tax, transfer tax or similar taxes or duties, unless the documents 
relating to the ETC Securities are voluntarily registered in Luxembourg or appended to a document that 
requires obligatory registration in Luxembourg. 
Where a holder of ETC Securities is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes at the time of his/her death, 
the ETC Securities are included in his/her taxable estate for inheritance tax assessment purposes. 
Gift tax may be due on a gift or donation of ETC Securities if embodied in a Luxembourg deed or recorded 
in Luxembourg.  
The Netherlands  
Where in this paragraph English terms and expressions are used to refer to Dutch concepts, the meaning 
to be attributed to such terms and expressions shall be the meaning to be attributed to the equivalent Dutch 
concepts under Dutch tax law.  
General 
The following summary outlines the principal Netherlands tax consequences of the acquisition, holding, 
settlement, redemption and disposal of the ETC Securities, but does not purport to be a comprehensive 
description of all Netherlands tax considerations in relation thereto. This summary is intended as general 
information only for holders of ETC Securities who are residents or deemed residents of the Netherlands 
for Netherlands tax purposes. Each prospective investor should consult a professional tax adviser with 
respect to the tax consequences of an investment in the ETC Securities. We refer to the transaction 
summary (entitled “Summary of the Programme”) in this Base Prospectus for a description of the key terms 
of the ETC Securities. 
This summary is based on tax legislation, published case law, treaties, regulations and published policy, 
in each case as in force as of the date of this Base Prospectus, and does not take into account any 
developments or amendments thereof after that date whether or not such developments or amendments 
have retroactive effect. 
This summary does not address the Netherlands tax consequences for: 
(i) 
holders of ETC Securities holding a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) or deemed substantial 
interest (fictief aanmerkelijk belang) in the Issuer and holders of ETC Securities of whom a certain 
related person holds a substantial interest in the Issuer. Generally speaking, a substantial interest 
in the Issuer arises if a person, alone or, where such person is an individual, together with his or her 
partner (statutory defined term), directly or indirectly, holds (i) an interest of 5 per cent. or more of 
the total issued capital of the Issuer or of 5 per cent. or more of the issued capital of a certain class 
of shares of the Issuer, (ii) rights to acquire, directly or indirectly, such interest or (iii) certain profit 
sharing rights in the Issuer;

--- Page 223 ---
223 
(ii) 
a holder of ETC Securities which is a taxpayer for the purposes of Netherlands corporate income 
tax, having a participation (deelneming) in the Issuer (such a participation is generally present in the 
case of an interest of at least 5 per cent. of the Issuer’s nominal paid-in capital); 
(iii) 
investment institutions (fiscale beleggingsinstellingen);  
(iv) 
pension funds, exempt investment institution (vrijgestelde fiscale beleggingsinstellingen) or other 
entities that are exempt from Netherlands corporate income tax; and 
(v) 
a holder of ETC Securities that is a corporate entity and a resident of Aruba, Curaçao or Sint 
Maarten. 
Where this summary refers to a holder of ETC Securities, such reference is restricted to a holder holding 
legal title to as well as an economic interest in such ETC Securities. 
For the purpose of the Netherlands tax consequences described herein, it is assumed that the Issuer is 
neither a resident nor deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for Netherlands tax purposes. 
Where this summary refers to the Netherlands, such reference is restricted to the part of the Kingdom of 
the Netherlands that is situated in Europe and the legislation applicable in that part of the Kingdom. 
Netherlands Withholding Tax 
All payments made by the Issuer under the ETC Securities may be made free of withholding or deduction 
for any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by the Netherlands or any 
political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein. 
Netherlands Corporate and Individual Income Tax 
If a holder is a resident or deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for Netherlands tax purposes and 
is fully subject to Netherlands corporate income tax or is only subject to Netherlands corporate income tax 
in respect of an enterprise to which the ETC Securities are attributable, gains realised upon the redemption, 
settlement or disposal of the ETC Securities are generally taxable in the Netherlands (at up to a maximum 
rate of 25 per cent.). 
If an individual holder is a resident or deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for Netherlands tax 
purposes, gains realised upon the redemption, settlement or disposal of the ETC Securities are taxable at 
the progressive rates (at up to a maximum rate of 49.50 per cent.) under the Netherlands income tax act 
2001 (Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001), if: 
(i) 
the holder is an entrepreneur (ondernemer) and has an enterprise to which the ETC Securities are 
attributable or the holder has, other than as a shareholder, a co-entitlement to the net worth of an 
enterprise (medegerechtigde), to which enterprise the ETC Securities are attributable; or 
(ii) 
such gains qualify as income from miscellaneous activities (resultaat uit overige werkzaamheden), 
which include the performance of activities with respect to the ETC Securities that exceed regular, 
active portfolio management (normaal, actief vermogensbeheer). 
If the above mentioned conditions (i) and (ii) do not apply to the individual holder of the ETC Securities, 
such holder must record the ETC Securities as assets that are held in box 3 (income from savings and 
investments, Netherlands income tax act 2001 (Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001)). Taxable income with 
regard to the ETC Securities is then determined on the basis of a certain deemed return on the holder’s 
yield basis (rendementsgrondslag) at the beginning of the calendar year insofar the yield basis exceeds a 
€30,846 threshold (heffingvrij vermogen), rather than on the basis of income actually received or gains 
actually realised. Such yield basis is determined as the fair market value of certain qualifying assets held 
by the holder of the ETC Securities, less the fair market value of certain qualifying liabilities at the beginning 
of the calendar year. The fair market value of the ETC Securities will be included as an asset in the holder's 
yield basis. The holder’s yield basis is allocated to up to three brackets for which different deemed returns

--- Page 224 ---
224 
apply. The first bracket includes amounts up to and including €72,797, which amount is split into a 67 per 
cent. low-return part and a 33 per cent. high-return part. The second bracket includes amounts in excess 
of €72,797 and up to and including €1,005,572, which amount is split into a 21 per cent. low-return part 
and a 79 per cent. high-return part. The third bracket includes amounts in excess of €1,005,572, which will 
be considered high-return in full. For 2020 the deemed return on the low-return parts is 0.07 per cent. and 
on the high-return parts is 5.28 per cent.. The deemed return percentages will be reassessed every year. 
The deemed return on the holder’s yield basis is taxed at a rate of 30 per cent.. 
Netherlands Gift and Inheritance Tax 
Generally, gift and inheritance tax will be due in the Netherlands in respect of the acquisition of the ETC 
Securities by way of a gift by, or on behalf of, or on the death of, a holder that is a resident or deemed to 
be a resident of the Netherlands for the purposes of Netherlands gift and inheritance tax at the time of the 
gift or his or her death. A gift made under a condition precedent is deemed to be made at the time the 
condition precedent is fulfilled and is subject to Dutch gift and inheritance tax if the donor is, or is deemed 
to be, a resident of the Netherlands at that time. 
A holder of Dutch nationality is deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for the purposes of the 
Netherlands gift and inheritance tax if he or she has been resident in the Netherlands and dies or makes 
a donation within 10 years after leaving the Netherlands. A holder of any other nationality is deemed to be 
a resident of the Netherlands for the purposes of the Netherlands gift tax if he or she has been resident in 
the Netherlands and makes a donation within a 12-month period after leaving the Netherlands. The same 
12-month rule may apply to entities that have transferred their seat of residence out of the Netherlands. 
Netherlands Value Added Tax 
In general, no value added tax will arise in respect of payments in consideration for the issue of the ETC 
Securities or in respect of a cash payment made under the ETC Securities, or in respect of a transfer of 
ETC Securities. 
Other Netherlands Taxes and Duties 
No registration tax, customs duty, transfer tax, stamp duty or any other similar documentary tax or duty will 
be payable in the Netherlands by a holder in respect of or in connection with the subscription, issue, 
placement, allotment, delivery or transfer of the ETC Securities. 
Sweden 
The following summary outlines certain Swedish tax consequences relating to holders of ETC Securities 
that are considered to be resident in Sweden or non-Swedish holders having a permanent establishment 
in Sweden to which the ETC Securities are attributable. The summary is based on the laws of Sweden as 
currently in effect and is intended to provide general information only. Special tax consequences that are 
not described below may also apply for certain categories of taxpayers, including investment companies, 
mutual funds, life insurance companies and ETC Securities held by a partnership or as current assets in a 
business operation. The summary does not address the rules regarding reporting obligations for, among 
others, payers of interest. Credit of foreign taxes is not addressed in the summary. Further, specific tax 
consequences may be applicable if, and to the extent, a holder of ETC Securities realises a capital loss on 
the ETC Securities and to any currency exchange gains or losses. 
Individuals resident in Sweden 
Generally, all capital income (e.g. amounts that are considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes 
and capital gains on ETC Securities) obtained by individuals (and estates of deceased individuals) resident 
in Sweden for tax purposes will be taxable at a rate of 30 per cent.. 
If amounts that are considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes are paid by a legal entity domiciled 
in Sweden (or a Swedish branch of a non-Swedish entity) to a private individual (or an estate of a deceased

--- Page 225 ---
225 
individual) resident in Sweden for tax purposes, Swedish preliminary taxes are normally withheld by the 
legal entity on such payments. Swedish preliminary taxes will normally be withheld also on other returns 
on securities and receivables (but not capital gains) paid to an individual, provided such return is paid out 
together with an amount that is considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes. 
A person is resident in Sweden for Swedish tax purposes if the person (a) is domiciled in Sweden; (b) has 
permanently stayed in Sweden; or (c) has been domiciled earlier in Sweden and, after having moved 
abroad, continues to have an essential connection with Sweden. 
Corporations resident in Sweden 
Capital income (including interest and capital gains from a disposal of the ETC Securities) are taxable. The 
taxable capital gain, being the difference between the sale price and the acquisition cost of the ETC 
Securities, is taxed at the corporate tax rate of 21.4 per cent. (the tax rate will be reduced to 20.6 per cent. 
for fiscal years beginning after 31 December 2020). 
Corporations are generally deemed to be resident in Sweden only if they are incorporated in Sweden under 
Swedish corporate laws. 
Switzerland 
Swiss Tax Resident Securityholders 
If the ETC Securities are held as private assets, the ETC Securities (including FX Hedged ETC Securities) 
should in principle generate capital gains exempt from income tax or non-tax deductible capital losses. It 
can, however, not be ruled out that, as a result of the Minimum Debt Amount, the Swiss tax authorities 
treat the ETC Securities as a product combining a certificate and a structured product, combining bond 
and option components. In that case and provided that the ETC Securities qualify as transparent products 
within the meaning of the practice of the Swiss federal tax administration (which is the case for most 
structured products), any proceeds received by the Securityholders upon sale or redemption of the ETC 
Securities would have to be allocated between the bond and option component of the ETC Securities (with 
the share of the profit attributed to the bond component being characterised as taxable interest income 
and the share of the profit attributed to the option component as tax-exempt capital gain). 
If the ETC Securities are held as business assets, any profit derived from the ETC Securities in excess of 
their book value is subject to ordinary (individual or corporate) income tax. Contrary to individual income 
tax, corporate income tax is generally a flat tax (the rate of which also varies depending on the cantons 
and commune of seat of the corporation). 
Swiss Withholding Tax 
As per currently applicable laws, payments under the ETC Securities will not be subject to Swiss 
withholding tax (35 per cent.), provided that the Issuer of the ETC Securities is at all times domiciled and 
effectively managed outside of Switzerland and provided that the proceeds from the offering and sale of 
the ETC Securities are used outside of Switzerland. 
On 4 November 2015 the Swiss Federal Council announced a mandate to the Swiss Federal Finance 
Department to institute a group of experts tasked with the preparation of a new proposal for a reform of 
the Swiss withholding tax system. The new proposal is expected to include in respect of interest payments 
the replacement of the existing debtor-based regime by a paying agent-based regime for Swiss withholding 
tax similar to the one published on 17 December 2014 by the Swiss Federal Council and repealed on 24 
June 2015 following the negative outcome of the legislative consultation with Swiss official and private 
bodies. Under such a new paying agent-based regime, if enacted, a paying agent in Switzerland may be 
required to deduct Swiss withholding tax on any payments or any securing of payments of interest in 
respect of a security for the benefit of the beneficial owner of the payment unless certain procedures are 
complied with to establish that the owner of the security is not an individual resident in Switzerland. The

--- Page 226 ---
226 
Swiss Federal Council decided on 26 June 2019 to resume the reform of the withholding tax, which was 
pending until then. The objectives and guidelines of this reform were adopted at this occasion. The purpose 
of the reform is to strengthen the Swiss third-party capital market and extend the withholding tax guarantee 
function at the national level. A draft for consultation should be issued in the second semester of 2020. If 
enacted, this reform will have the effect that payments (after its entry into force) under the ETC Securities 
corresponding to interest may be subject to Swiss withholding tax if made via a Swiss paying agent. 
Stamp Taxes (Issuance Stamp Tax, Securities Transfer Tax) 
The issue of the ETC Securities is not subject to the Swiss federal issuance stamp tax. 
Sale or purchase of ETC Securities may be subject to securities transfer stamp tax (0.3 per cent. in relation 
to foreign securities) if the ETC Securities have to be characterised as structured product, if a Swiss 
securities dealer (e.g. a Swiss bank or broker) is involved as an intermediary or as a counterparty in such 
transactions and if no specific (full or half) exemption is available. Exemptions may be available in relation 
to specific parties (e.g. a half exemption applies in relation to a party qualifying as an exempt investor, e.g. 
collective investment scheme or foreign pension funds) or in relation to specific transactions (e.g. full 
exemption applies in case of redemptions, or in relation to specific types of securities). 
United Kingdom 
The following is a summary of the Issuer’s understanding of current United Kingdom tax law and United 
Kingdom HM Revenue & Customs (“HMRC”) practice as at the date of this Base Prospectus relating to 
certain aspects of the United Kingdom tax treatment of ETC Securities. The comments do not deal with 
other United Kingdom tax aspects of acquiring, holding or disposing of ETC Securities. 
The following summary relates to investors who are individuals (i.e. natural persons) acting in a private 
capacity and who are resident and domiciled in the United Kingdom for tax purposes (“UK Individuals”) 
or that are legal persons within the charge to United Kingdom corporation tax and hold ETC Securities as 
an investment. The summary relates only to the position of persons who are absolute beneficial owners of 
ETC Securities and does not deal with the position of certain categories of investor, such as dealers and 
persons connected with the Issuer. This summary is intended only as a general guide and investors 
and prospective investors are strongly urged to seek tax advice from appropriate professional 
advisers regarding an investment in ETC Securities, including as to how any Series of ETC 
Securities will be classified for tax purposes and the tax consequences of such classification. 
Investors and prospective investors in ETC Securities should be aware that the particular terms of issue 
of any Series of ETC Securities as specified in the relevant Final Terms may affect how that Series of ETC 
Securities is classified for United Kingdom tax purposes and, in general, the United Kingdom tax treatment 
of that Series of ETC Securities. The following summary relates only to certain possible classifications of 
ETC Securities and does not cover the United Kingdom tax treatment of all possible Series of ETC 
Securities that could be issued under the Programme. In addition, the United Kingdom tax position of 
specific holders of ETC Securities will depend on their own specific circumstances. Accordingly, the 
following is a general guide and should be treated with appropriate caution. 
The comments below are made on the assumption that the Issuer is neither resident in the United Kingdom 
for United Kingdom tax purposes nor carrying on a trade in the United Kingdom for United Kingdom tax 
purposes. This summary is subject to any change in law or HMRC practice that may take effect after the 
date of this Base Prospectus. 
Investors and prospective investors who may be liable to taxation in jurisdictions other than the United 
Kingdom in respect of their acquisition, holding or disposal (including a redemption) of ETC Securities 
should also consult their professional advisers as to whether they are so liable (and if so under the laws of 
which jurisdictions), since the following comments relate only to certain United Kingdom taxation aspects 
in respect of the ETC Securities. In particular, investors and prospective investors should be aware that

--- Page 227 ---
227 
they may be liable to taxation under the laws of the United Kingdom and other jurisdictions in relation to 
payments in respect of the ETC Securities even if such payments may be made without withholding or 
deduction for or on account of taxation under the laws of the United Kingdom. 
Withholding tax  
The Issuer may make payments, which fall to be treated as payments of interest for UK income tax 
purposes, in respect of any Series of ETC Securities without deduction or withholding for or on account of 
United Kingdom tax where such payments do not have a “UK source”. 
If payments, which are treated as payments of interest for UK income tax purposes, have a “UK source”, 
such payments made by the Issuer in respect of any Series of ETC Securities may nevertheless be made 
without deduction or withholding for or on account of United Kingdom tax if that Series is listed on a 
“recognised stock exchange” within the meaning of section 1005 of the Income Tax Act 2007 (“ITA 2007”). 
This is as a result of the exemption from withholding tax for quoted Eurobonds set out in section 882 ITA 
2007. On the basis of information published by HMRC regarding which stock exchanges are so recognised, 
the London Stock Exchange is, amongst other stock exchanges, a recognised stock exchange for these 
purposes and, therefore, payments of interest in respect of ETC Securities may be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of United Kingdom tax if, and for so long as, such ETC Securities 
are listed on the London Stock Exchange or any other recognised stock exchange. 
Payments of interest with a “UK source” made by the Issuer in respect of any Series of ETC Securities that 
is not listed on a recognised stock exchange may be made without deduction or withholding for or on 
account of United Kingdom tax if such payments are “excepted payments” within sections 933 to 937 ITA 
2007. 
Payments of interest under any Series of ETC Securities may have a “UK source” if the Underlying Metal 
in relation to such Series is located in warehouses in the United Kingdom and in other circumstances. 
The United Kingdom withholding tax treatment of any payments of interest which are “UK source” and 
which are not “excepted payments”, which are made in respect of any Series of ETC Securities which is 
not listed on a such a recognised stock exchange, will depend upon the specific circumstances, and the 
specific terms of such Series including whether any payments in respect of the relevant Series fall to be 
treated as interest for United Kingdom tax purposes. 
 
Tax treatment of investors in ETC Securities 
General 
HMRC has provided guidance to the effect that it is their view that Series of ETC Securities are generally 
likely to constitute interests in an “offshore fund” and not to constitute debt securities or deeply discounted 
securities for UK tax purposes. In light of this guidance, the sections below deal with the likely United 
Kingdom tax treatment where the ETC Securities are treated as “offshore funds” and not as debt securities. 
UK Individuals 
In general, for an investor subject to United Kingdom tax, all profits arising on a Series of ETC Securities 
will be taxable profits for United Kingdom tax purposes, either as income and, therefore, subject to United 
Kingdom income tax, or capital gains and, therefore, subject to capital gains tax depending on the 
circumstances. However, in light of the HMRC guidance referred to above, the likely United Kingdom tax 
treatment of Series of ETC Securities is set out below on the assumption that ETC securities constitute 
“offshore funds” and not debt securities or deeply discounted securities, although other alternative 
treatments may be possible depending on the specific terms of the Series of ETC Securities that are 
issued.

--- Page 228 ---
228 
Offshore funds 
In respect of any Series of ETC Securities which falls to be treated as an interest in an “offshore fund”, as 
defined in section 355 Taxation (International and Other Provisions) Act 2010 (“TIOPA 2010”), for the 
purposes of the United Kingdom offshore fund rules within Part 8 TIOPA 2010 (an “Offshore Fund”), and 
not as debt securities or deeply discounted securities, any gain accruing to an investor who is a UK 
Individual upon the sale, redemption or other disposal of ETC Securities of that Series will constitute 
taxable income rather than capital gain for United Kingdom tax purposes if that Series of ETC Securities 
does not have “reporting fund” status under the Offshore Funds (Tax) Regulations 2009 (SI 2009/3001). 
In relation to any Series of ETC Securities which constitutes an Offshore Fund (and not deeply discounted 
securities or debt securities) which obtains recognition by HMRC as a “reporting fund”, any profit arising to 
an investor who is a UK Individual on the sale, redemption or other disposal of such ETC Securities should 
constitute capital gain rather than income for United Kingdom tax purposes provided that such recognition 
by HMRC as a reporting fund is maintained throughout the period during which the ETC Securities are 
held by that investor. In relation to any such Series recognised as a reporting fund, the Issuer would be 
required to report to each investor their share of the net income attributable to the relevant Series of ETC 
Securities. Any such reported income would constitute taxable income (rather than capital gain) for any 
investor who is a UK Individual, but would also be added to that investor’s base cost of the ETC Securities 
for the purposes of calculating any capital gain made on the sale, redemption of other disposal of the ETC 
Securities. The Issuer is subject to certain other ongoing obligations in relation to any Series of ETC 
Securities for which reporting fund status has been obtained. 
Certain Series of ETC Securities have been recognised by HMRC as reporting funds, although there is no 
guarantee that such status will be maintained for all future periods of account of the Issuer. A list of the 
Series 
of 
ETC 
Securities 
that 
have 
reporting 
fund 
status 
can 
be 
found 
at: 
http://www.hmrc.gov.uk/collective/rep-funds.xls. Application may be made to HMRC for one or more 
further Series of ETC Securities to be recognised as reporting funds. However, no assurance is given as 
to whether such applications will be made or whether recognition as reporting funds will be obtained and 
maintained for all future periods of account of the Issuer. 
Inheritance tax 
For the purposes of United Kingdom inheritance tax, an ETC Security may form part of the value of the 
estate of an investor who is a UK Individual and United Kingdom inheritance tax may (subject to certain 
exemptions and reliefs) become payable in respect of the value of an ETC Security on a gift of that ETC 
Security by, or the death of, an investor who is a UK Individual. Such a tax charge may be subject to 
appropriate provisions in any applicable double tax treaty. 
Corporate Holders  
In general, for an investor subject to United Kingdom corporation tax, all profits arising on a Series of ETC 
Securities will be taxable profits for United Kingdom corporation tax purposes, either as income or 
chargeable gains, depending on the circumstances. However, in light of the HMRC guidance referred to 
above, the likely United Kingdom tax treatment of Series of ETC Securities is set out below on the 
assumption that ETC Securities constitute “offshore funds” and not loan relationships, although other 
alternative treatments may be possible depending on the specific terms of the Series of ETC Securities 
that are issued. 
Offshore funds 
In respect of any Series of ETC Securities which falls to be treated as an interest in an Offshore Fund and 
not as a loan relationship, any profit arising to an investor that is subject to United Kingdom corporation 
tax on the sale, redemption or other disposal of ETC Securities of that Series will constitute profit of an 
income nature rather than chargeable gain for United Kingdom corporation tax purposes if that Series of 
ETC Securities does not have “reporting fund” status under the Offshore Funds (Tax) Regulations 2009 
(SI 2009/3001).

--- Page 229 ---
229 
In relation to any Series of ETC Securities which constitutes an Offshore Fund (and does not fall within the 
loan relationship rules) which obtains recognition by HMRC as a “reporting fund”, any profit arising to an 
investor that is subject to United Kingdom corporation tax on the sale, redemption or other disposal of such 
ETC Securities will constitute chargeable gain rather than profits of an income nature for United Kingdom 
corporation tax purposes, provided that recognition by HMRC as a reporting fund is maintained for all 
accounting periods during which the ETC Securities are held by that investor. 
In relation to any such Series recognised as a reporting fund, the Issuer would be required to report to 
each investor their share of the net income attributable to that Series of ETC Securities. Any such reported 
income would constitute taxable profits of an income nature (rather than chargeable gain) for United 
Kingdom corporation tax purposes for any investor that is subject to United Kingdom corporation tax, but 
would also be added to that investor’s base cost of the ETC Securities for the purposes of calculating any 
chargeable gain made on the sale, redemption or other disposal of such ETC Securities. The Issuer is 
subject to certain other ongoing obligations in relation to any Series of ETC Securities for which reporting 
fund status is obtained. 
Certain Series of ETC Securities have been recognised by HMRC as reporting funds, although there is no 
guarantee that such status will be maintained for all future periods of account of the Issuer. A list of the 
Series 
of 
ETC 
Securities 
that 
have 
reporting 
fund 
status 
can 
be 
found 
at: 
http://www.hmrc.gov.uk/collective/rep-funds.xls. Application may be made to HMRC for one or more 
further Series of ETC Securities to be recognised as reporting funds. However, no assurance is given as 
to whether such applications will be made or whether recognition as reporting funds will be obtained and 
maintained for all future periods of account of the Issuer. 
Stamp duties 
No United Kingdom stamp duty or stamp duty reserve tax is payable on the issue of ETC Securities or on 
the issue or (subject to the following paragraph) transfer of ETC Securities provided, in the case of 
Uncertificated Registered Securities, the Register in respect of such ETC Securities is kept and maintained 
outside the United Kingdom at all times. 
In the event that written instruments of transfer of ETC Securities were to be used, or there were any 
written agreements to transfer ETC Securities, any such written instruments of transfer or agreements 
could, depending on the circumstances, be subject to UK stamp duty if such instruments or agreements 
are executed in the United Kingdom or related to property, assets or matters done or to be done in the 
United Kingdom. However, no practical obligation to pay any such United Kingdom stamp duty would arise 
unless such instruments or agreements were needed as evidence before a UK court, tribunal, tax authority 
or other public body in which event it may be necessary, depending upon the circumstances, for interest 
and/or penalties to be paid in addition to the stamp duty. 
THE ABOVE SUMMARY IS NOT INTENDED TO CONSTITUTE A COMPLETE ANALYSIS OF ALL UK 
TAX CONSEQUENCES RELATING TO THE OWNERSHIP OF ETC SECURITIES. IN PARTICULAR, 
THE TAX TREATMENT OF ANY SERIES OF ETC SECURITIES MAY BE AFFECTED BY THE TERMS 
OF ISSUE OF THAT SERIES OF ETC SECURITIES AS SPECIFIED IN THE RELEVANT FINAL TERMS 
AND WILL DEPEND ON THE CLASSIFICATION OF THAT SERIES OF ETC SECURITIES FOR TAX 
PURPOSES AND THE INVESTOR’S OWN CIRCUMSTANCES. INVESTORS AND PROSPECTIVE 
INVESTORS SHOULD CONSULT APPROPRIATE TAX ADVISERS CONCERNING THE TAX 
CONSEQUENCES OF THE SPECIFIC SERIES IN QUESTION AND THEIR PARTICULAR SITUATION.

--- Page 230 ---
230 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE  
Only Authorised Participants may subscribe for ETC Securities from the Issuer. The Authorised 
Participant(s) in respect of each Series of ETC Securities at the Issue Date of such Series will be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
Securities may be offered to any category of potential investors provided that the offer complies with the 
selling restrictions set out below in this “Subscription and Sale” section (the “Selling Restrictions”). 
Selling Restrictions 
United States 
The ETC Securities have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or under the securities 
law of any state or political sub-division of the United States of America or any of its territories, possessions 
or other areas subject to its jurisdiction including the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico (collectively, the 
“United States”). No person has registered nor will register as a commodity pool operator of the Issuer 
under the CEA and the CFTC Rules of the CFTC, and the Issuer has not been and will not be registered 
under any United States federal laws. The ETC Securities are being offered and sold in reliance on an 
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act pursuant to Regulation S thereunder 
(“Regulation S”). 
Accordingly, the ETC Securities may not at any time be offered, sold or otherwise transferred, or if in bearer 
form, delivered, except (i) in an “Offshore Transaction” (as such term is defined under Regulation S) and 
(ii) to, or for the account or benefit of, a Permitted Transferee. 
A “Permitted Transferee” means any person who is not any of: 
(a) 
a U.S. person as defined in Rule 902(k)(1) of Regulation S;  
(b) 
a person who comes within any definition of U.S. person for the purposes of the CEA or any CFTC 
Rule, guidance or order proposed or issued under the CEA (for the avoidance of doubt, any person 
who is not a "Non-United States person" as such term is defined under CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv), 
but excluding, for purposes of subsection (D) thereof, the exception to the extent that it would 
apply to persons who are not “Non-United States persons”, shall be considered a U.S. person); or 
(c) 
a “resident of the United States” for purposes of, and as defined in implementing regulations 
proposed or issued under, Section 13 of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended 
(“BHC Act”). 
Transfers of ETC Securities within the United States or to any person other than a Permitted Transferee 
(a “Non-Permitted Transferee”) are prohibited.  
The foregoing restrictions on the offer, sale or other transfer of ETC Securities to a Non-Permitted 
Transferee may adversely affect the ability of an investor in the ETC Securities to dispose of the ETC 
Securities in the secondary market, if any, and significantly reduce the liquidity of the ETC Securities. As 
a result, the value of the ETC Securities may be materially adversely affected. 
As defined in Rule 902(k)(1) of Regulation S, “U.S. person” means: 
(a) 
any natural person resident in the United States; 
(b) 
any partnership or corporation organized or incorporated under the laws of the United States; 
(c) 
any estate of which any executor or administrator is a U.S. person; 
(d) 
any trust of which any trustee is a U.S. person; 
(e) 
any agency or branch of a foreign entity located in the United States; 
(f) 
any non-discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a dealer 
or other fiduciary for the benefit or account of a U.S. person;

--- Page 231 ---
231 
(g) 
any discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a dealer or 
other fiduciary organized, incorporated, or (if an individual) resident in the United States; and 
(h) 
any partnership or corporation if: 
(i) 
organized or incorporated under the laws of any foreign jurisdiction; and 
(ii) 
formed by a U.S. person principally for the purpose of investing in securities not registered 
under the Securities Act, unless it is organized or incorporated, and owned, by accredited 
investors (as defined in Rule 501(a) Regulation D under the Securities Act who are not 
natural persons, estates or trusts. 
As defined in CFTC Rule 4.7, “Non-United States person” means: 
(a) 
a natural person who is not a resident of the United States; 
(b) 
a partnership, corporation or other entity, other than an entity organized principally for passive 
investment, organized under the laws of a foreign jurisdiction and which has its principal place of 
business in a foreign jurisdiction; 
(c) 
an estate or trust, the income of which is not subject to United States income tax regardless of 
source; 
(d) 
an entity organized principally for passive investment such as a pool, investment company or other 
similar entity; provided, that units of participation in the entity held by persons who do not qualify 
as Non-United States persons or otherwise as qualified eligible persons represent in the aggregate 
less than 10% of the beneficial interest in the entity, and that such entity was not formed principally 
for the purpose of facilitating investment by persons who do not qualify as Non-United States 
persons in a pool with respect to which the operator is exempt from certain requirements of part 4 
of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission’s regulations by virtue of its participants being 
Non-United States persons; and 
(e) 
a pension plan for the employees, officers or principals of an entity organized and with its principal 
place of business outside the United States. 
As modified in the definition of “Permitted Transferee” above, the definition of “Non-United States person” 
excludes for purposes of sub-section (d) above, the exception in the proviso to the extent that it would 
apply to persons who are not “Non-United States persons”.  
As defined in CFTC Rule 23.23 regarding the application of certain swap provisions of the CEA in cross-
border transactions (17 CFR §23.23), except as provided below, “U.S. person” means: 
(a) 
a natural person who is a resident in the United States; 
(b) 
a partnership, corporation, trust, investment vehicle, or other legal person organized, incorporated, 
or established under the laws of the United States or having its principal place of business in the 
United States; 
(c) 
an account (whether discretionary or non-discretionary) of a U.S. person; or 
(d) 
an estate of a decedent who was a resident of the United States at the time of death. 
 
For purposes of the definition of “U.S. person” under CFTC Rule 23.23: 
(a) 
“principal place of business” means the location from which the officers, partners, or managers of 
the legal person primarily direct, control, and coordinate the activities of the legal person. With 
respect to an externally managed investment vehicle, this location is the office from which the 
manager of the vehicle primarily directs, controls, and coordinates the investment activities of the 
vehicle. 
(b) 
the term “U.S. person” does not include the International Monetary Fund, the International Bank 
for Reconstruction and Development, the Inter-American Development Bank, the Asian 
Development Bank, the African Development Bank, the United Nations, and their agencies and 
pension plans, and any other similar international organizations, and their agencies and pension 
plans.

--- Page 232 ---
232 
 
As defined in the final regulations issued under Section 13 of the BHC Act, 17 CFR 225.10(d)(8), “resident 
of the United States” means a “U.S. person” as defined in Regulation S.  
Each person who offers, sells or otherwise transfers ETC Securities has exclusive responsibility for 
ensuring that its offer, sale or other transfer is not to, or for the account or benefit of, any person other than 
a Permitted Transferee as such term is defined as of the date of such offer, sale, pledge or other transfer. 
The ETC Securities have not been approved or disapproved by the United States Securities and Exchange 
Commission (“SEC”) or any other regulatory agency in the United States, nor has the SEC or any other 
regulatory agency in the United States passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of this document or the 
merits of the ETC Securities. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence. Furthermore, the 
ETC Securities do not constitute, and have not been marketed as, contracts for the sale of a commodity 
for future delivery (or options thereon) subject to the CEA, and neither trading in the ETC Securities nor 
this document has been approved by the CFTC under the CEA, and no person other than a Permitted 
Transferee may at any time trade or maintain a position in the ETC Securities.  
Each Authorised Participant represents and agrees in the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement that 
it has complied and will comply with the aforementioned transfer and selling restrictions and it will have 
sent to each dealer to which it sells ETC Securities a confirmation or other notice setting forth the above 
restrictions on offers and sales of the ETC Securities. Each Authorised Participant has further represented 
and agreed that it has not offered, sold or, if in bearer form, delivered and will not at any time offer, sell or, 
if in bearer form, deliver the ETC Securities of any identifiable Tranche except in accordance with Rule 
903 of Regulation S, and that none of it, its affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their behalf have 
engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to such ETC Securities, and it and they 
have complied and will comply with the offering restrictions requirement of Regulation S. Terms used in 
this paragraph have the meanings given to them under Regulation S. 
In addition, under U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the “C Rules”), each Tranche of ETC Securities 
must be issued and delivered outside the United States and its possessions in connection with their original 
issue and any other sale. Each Authorised Participant represents that it has not offered, sold or delivered, 
and agrees that it will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, any ETC Securities of any Tranche 
within the United States or its possessions in connection with their original issue or otherwise. Further, in 
connection with the original issue of any Tranche of ETC Securities or otherwise, each Authorised 
Participant represents that it has not communicated, and agrees that it will not communicate, directly or 
indirectly, with a prospective purchaser if either of such Authorised Participant or such purchaser is within 
the United States or its possessions or otherwise involve such Authorised Participant’s U.S. office in the 
offer or sale of such ETC Securities. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
the Code and regulations thereunder, including the C Rules. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the Prospectus Regulation 
In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Authorised Participant represents 
and agrees in the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement that with effect from and including the date 
of this Base Prospectus, it has not made and will not make an offer of ETC Securities which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the relevant Final Terms to the 
public in that Member State of the EEA (each, a “Relevant Member State”), except that it may, with effect 
from and including the date of this Base Prospectus, make an offer of such ETC Securities to the public in 
that Relevant Member State: 
(i) 
if the applicable Final Terms in relation to the ETC Securities specify that an offer of those ETC 
Securities may be made by the Authorised Participant(s) other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant Member State (a "Non-exempt Offer"), following the date

--- Page 233 ---
233 
of publication of the Base Prospectus in relation to such ETC Securities which has been approved 
by the competent authority in that Relevant Member State or, where appropriate, approved in 
another Relevant Member State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant Member 
State, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the final terms 
contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period 
(if any) beginning and ending on the dates (if any) specified in such prospectus or final terms, as 
applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt 
Offer; 
(ii) 
at any time to a legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(iii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Authorised 
Participant or Authorised Participants appointed by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(iv) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of ETC Securities referred to in paragraphs (ii) to (iv) above shall require 
the Issuer or any Authorised Participant to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the 
Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of ETC Securities to the public” in relation to 
any ETC Securities in any Relevant Member State means the communication in any form and by any 
means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the ETC Securities to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the ETC Securities. 
United Kingdom  
Each Authorised Participant represents and agrees in the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement that: 
(i) 
in relation to any ETC Securities which have a maturity of less than one year (a) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell 
any ETC Securities other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the ETC Securities 
would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any ETC Securities in 
circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to such ETC Securities in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Austria 
Each Authorised Participant represents, warrants and agrees in the relevant Authorised Participant 
Agreement that it has not and will not offer any Bearer Securities to the public in Austria, except that an 
offer of Bearer Securities may be made for the first time in Austria only once a notification to the issue 
calendar 
(Emissionskalender) 
of 
the 
Austrian 
Control 
Bank 
(Oesterreichische 
Kontrollbank 
Aktiengesellschaft), all as prescribed by the Austrian Capital Market Act 2019 (Kapitalmarktgesetz 2019)

--- Page 234 ---
234 
as amended, has been filed as soon as possible prior to the commencement of the relevant offer of Bearer 
Securities. 
Belgium 
Each Authorised Participant has represented and agreed, and each further Authorised Participant 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and 
it will not offer or sell the ETC Securities to, “consumers” within the meaning of the Belgian Code of 
Economic Law (Wetboek van economisch recht/Code de droit économique). 
Ireland 
Each Authorised Participant represents and agrees in the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement that: 
(i) 
it has not and will not underwrite the issue of, or do anything in Ireland in respect of any ETC 
Securities otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation, the 
European Union (Prospectus) Regulations 2019 and any rules and guidance issued under Section 
1363 of the Companies Act 2014, of the Irish Companies Act 2014, as amended, by the Central 
Bank of Ireland; 
(ii) 
it has not and will not underwrite the issue of, or place the ETC Securities otherwise than in 
conformity with the provisions of European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 
2017 (as amended, the “MiFID II Regulations”) including, without limitation, Regulation 5 
(Requirement for Authorisation (and certain provisions relating to MTFS and OTFS)) thereof, any 
rules or codes of conduct made under the MiFID II Regulations and the provisions of the Investor 
Compensation Act 1998 (as amended); 
(iii) 
it has not and will not underwrite the issue of, or place, any ETC Securities, otherwise than in 
conformity with the provisions of the Irish Central Bank Acts 1942-2018 (as amended) and any 
codes of conduct rules made under Section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989 (as amended); 
(iv) 
it has not and will not underwrite the issue of, place or otherwise act in Ireland in respect of any ETC 
Securities, otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU 
596/2014) (as amended), the European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 2016, and any rules 
issued under Section 1370 of the Irish Companies Act 2014, as amended, by the Central Bank of 
Ireland;  
(v) 
to the extent applicable, it has and will comply with all applicable provisions of the Irish Companies 
Act 2014, as amended; and 
(vi) 
no ETC Securities will be offered or sold with a maturity of less than 12 months except in full 
compliance with the Central Bank of Ireland Notice BSD C 01/02 (as amended). 
The Netherlands 
Each Authorised Participant represents, warrants and agrees in the relevant Authorised Participant 
Agreement, and each further Authorised Participant appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent, warrant and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of ETC Securities which are 
outside the scope of approval of this Base Prospectus, as completed by the Final Terms relating thereto, 
to the public in the Netherlands in reliance on Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation unless:  
(i) 
such offer was or is made exclusively to persons or entities which are qualified investors as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation; or

--- Page 235 ---
235 
(ii) 
each such ETC Security has a minimum denomination in excess of EUR 100,000 (or the equivalent 
thereof in non-Euro currency) and subject to compliance with the relevant requirements under the 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
Sweden 
Each Authorised Participant represents and agrees in the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement, that, 
in Sweden, this Base Prospectus will not be used directly or indirectly, for an offer for subscription or 
purchase or to issue invitations to subscribe for or purchase interests in the ETC Securities or to be 
distributed, whether as a draft or final document in relation to any such offer, invitation or sale unless in 
compliance with any applicable provisions of the Prospectus Regulation (2017/1129/EU, as amended). 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Authorised Participants 
following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in the 
Final Terms issued in respect of the issue of ETC Securities to which it relates or in a supplement to this 
Base Prospectus. 
None of the Issuer or any Authorised Participant represents that the ETC Securities may at any time 
lawfully be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or 
pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
Each Authorised Participant agrees in the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement that it will, to the best 
of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it 
purchases, offers, sells or delivers ETC Securities or has in its possession or distributes this Base 
Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and neither the Issuer nor any other Authorised 
Participant shall have responsibility therefor.

--- Page 236 ---
236 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS3 
Final Terms dated [●] 
DB ETC PLC (the “Issuer”) 
[Series [●] up to [●][●] ETC Securities due [●] issued under its Secured ETC Precious Metal 
Linked Securities Programme (the “ETC Securities”)] 
[Issue of [●] being the Tranche Number [●] of Series [●][●] ETC Securities due [●] issued under its 
Secured ETC Precious Metal Linked Securities Programme (the “ETC Securities”)] 
[Series [●][●] ETC Securities due [●] issued under its Secured ETC Precious Metal Linked 
Securities Programme (the “ETC Securities”)] 
Part A – Contractual Terms 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated [4 January 2021] [as supplemented from time to time] which [together] constitute[s] a 
base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation(Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 ) (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). This document constitutes the final terms of the ETC Securities described herein for the purposes 
of Article 8.4 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [(as so 
supplemented)]. A summary of the individual issue is annexed to the Final Terms. Full information on the Issuer 
and the offer of the ETC Securities is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and 
the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus [and the Supplement to the Base Prospectus] and the Final Terms 
for each issue are available for viewing on the website maintained on behalf of the Issuer at 
https://etc.dws.com/GBR/ENG/Downloads, at the registered office of the Issuer and at the specified office of the 
Issuing and Paying Agent and copies may be obtained from the offices of each Paying Agent. A summary of 
the individual issue is annexed to the Final Terms.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated [4 January 2021] (as amended) [as supplemented from time to time]. This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the ETC Securities described herein for the purposes of Article 8.4 of the 
Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129) (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated [4 January 2021] [and the supplemental Prospectus dated [●]], 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. A summary of 
the individual issue is annexed to the Final Terms. The Conditions shall be the terms and conditions of the ETC 
Securities as set out in the section entitled “Master Terms and Conditions of the ETC Securities” of the Base 
Prospectus dated 28 May 2010 (as amended) which are incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus 
dated [4 January 2021]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the ETC Securities is only available on 
the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus dated [4 January 2021] [and the 
supplemental Prospectus dated [●]]. [The Base Prospectuses [and the supplemental Prospectus[es]] and the 
Final Terms for each issue are available for viewing on the website maintained on behalf of the Issuer at 
https://etc.dws.com/GBR/ENG/Downloads, at the registered office of the Issuer and at the specified office of the 
Issuing and Paying Agent and copies may be obtained from the offices of each Paying Agent.] A summary of 
the individual issue is annexed to the Final Terms.] 
 
1 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche 
Number 
(where 
applicable): 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
3 [In the event the Form of Final Terms are used to constitute the final terms in respect of ETC Securities listed on a non-EEA stock 
exchange and admitted to trading on a non-EEA market (a “Non-EEA Listing”), all references to the Prospectus Regulation and 
related terms required by the Prospectus Regulation shall be deleted from the Form of Final Terms.]

--- Page 237 ---
237 
2 
Specified Currency: 
[USD][EUR][●] 
3 
Principal financial centre for the 
Specified Currency: 
[●]/[Any city in which banks in general have access to the 
TARGET System] 
4 
Additional General Business Day 
jurisdictions: 
[Not Applicable]/[●]. 
5 
Aggregate Number of ETC 
Securities: 
 
 
(i) 
Of Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Of Tranche (if different): 
[●][Not Applicable]  
6 
Initial Metal Entitlement per ETC 
Security: 
 
 
(i) 
As at Series Issue Date: 
[●] [fine] troy ounce[s] 
 
(ii) 
Of 
Tranche 
(where 
applicable): 
[[●] [fine] troy ounce[s]]/[Not Applicable] 
7 
Issue Price per ETC Security: 
 
 
(i) 
As at Series Issue Date: 
[is][was] an amount equal to the product of [(A) the Initial Metal 
Entitlement per ETC Security; and (B) the Metal Reference 
Price with respect to the Series Issue Date, being [●]] / [(A) 
the Initial Metal Entitlement per ETC Security; (B) the Metal 
Reference Price with respect to the Series Issue Date; and 
(C) the FX Spot Reference Level with respect to the Series 
Issue Date, being [●]] 
 
(ii) 
Of 
Tranche 
(where 
applicable): 
[●][Not Applicable] 
8 
(i) 
Series Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Issue Date of Tranche (if 
different from Series Issue 
Date and where applicable): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) Subscription Trade Date of 
Tranche (where applicable): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) Date 
on 
which 
Board 
approval for issuance of ETC 
Securities obtained: 
[●]  
9 
Scheduled Maturity Date: 
[●] (unless such date is (x) postponed pursuant to a Maturity 
Postponement Notice, in which case that date will be 
postponed by the number of days specified in such Maturity 
Postponement Notice; or (y) not a Business Day, in which 
case that date will be the first following day that is a Business 
Day). 
10
Metal: 
[Gold]/[Silver]/[Platinum]/[Palladium]/[Rhodium] 
 
(i) 
FX Hedging: 
The ETC Securities [are]/[are not] FX Hedged ETC Securities.  
 
(ii) 
Metal Currency: 
[USD]/[●]/[Not Applicable]. 
 
(iii) Metal 
Reference 
Price 
Source: 
[Bloomberg 
Page 
BBG 
under 
the 
heading 
[GOLDLNPM]/[SLVRLN]/[PLTMLNPM]/[PLDMLNPM]] / [The 
website 
maintained 
on 
behalf 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at

--- Page 238 ---
238 
www.etc.dws.com (or such other website as may be notified 
to Securityholders in accordance with Condition 20).]/[●]. 
 
(iv) Metal Reference Price: 
In respect of a Scheduled Valuation Day, the price of the Metal 
[displayed 
on 
the 
Metal 
Reference 
Price 
Source 
corresponding to the Metal Fixing Time on such Scheduled 
Valuation Day, as determined by the Determination Agent and 
notified to the Issuer and the Programme Counterparty]/[●]. 
 
(v) Metal Fixing Time: 
[●] [London time] [or such other time as may be determined 
by the Programme Counterparty and specified on the website 
maintained on behalf of the Issuer at www.etc.dws.com (or 
such other website as may be notified to Securityholders in 
accordance with Condition 20)]. 
 
(vi) FX Forward Reference Level 
Source: 
[Bloomberg Page BFIX under the heading [●/●] and term 
S/N]/[●]/[Not Applicable]. 
 
(vii) FX Forward Reference Level: 
[In respect of any calendar day, the forward rate, expressed 
in the Specified Currency, and [displayed on the FX Forward 
Reference Level Source for the corresponding [Metal Fixing 
Time]/[●] on that day as being the rate for a forward exchange 
of an amount of the Specified Currency for one unit of the 
Metal Currency (or, if the currency exchange rate is expressed 
as the rate for the exchange of an amount of the Metal 
Currency per one unit of the Specified Currency, the inverse 
of such rate), as determined by the Determination Agent and 
notified to the Issuer and the Programme Counterparty]/[●].] / 
[Not Applicable.] 
 
(viii) FX Spot Reference Level 
Source: 
[Bloomberg Page BFIX under the heading [●/●] and term 
SPOT]/[●]/[Not Applicable]. 
 
(ix) FX Spot Reference Level: 
[In respect of a Scheduled Valuation Day, the currency 
exchange rate, expressed in the Specified Currency, and 
[displayed on the FX Spot Reference Level Source for the 
corresponding [Metal Fixing Time]/[●] on such Scheduled 
Valuation Day as being the rate for the exchange of an 
amount of the Specified Currency per one unit of the Metal 
Currency (or, if the currency exchange rate is expressed as 
the rate for the exchange of an amount of the Metal Currency 
per one unit of the Specified Currency, the inverse of such 
rate), as determined by the Determination Agent and notified 
to the Issuer and the Programme Counterparty]/[●].] / [Not 
Applicable.] 
11
Scheduled Observation Date: 
[The tenth Business Day of each calendar month][●] 
TRANSACTION PARTIES 
12
Authorised Participant(s): 
(e) As at the Series Issue Date: 
[Deutsche Bank AG, [●]] 
[Commerzbank AG, [●]] 
[●]  
(ii) Any Eligible Authorised Participant that is appointed as an 
Authorised Participant for this Series of ETC Securities under 
the Authorised Participant Agreement by acceding to the

--- Page 239 ---
239 
Issue Deed and the Authorised Participant Agreement, and 
any successor or replacement thereto. 
13
Paying Agent(s): 
The Issuing and Paying Agent, [●][ and [●]][ and the German 
Paying Agent], and any successor or replacement thereto.  
14
German Paying Agent(s): 
[[Deutsche Bank AG, Frankfurt, [●]]/[●] and any successor or 
replacement Paying Agent appointed under the Agency 
Agreement]/[Not Applicable] 
15
Registrar: 
[[Computershare Investor Services (Jersey) Limited, [●]]/[•] 
and any successor or replacement thereto.] / [Not Applicable] 
16
Transfer Agent: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
17
Eligible Authorised Participant 
Threshold Rating: 
[●] by [Fitch][Moody’s][S&P] 
18
Eligible Counterparty Threshold 
Rating: 
[●] by [Fitch][Moody’s][S&P] 
19
Eligible Custodian Threshold 
Rating: 
[●] by [Fitch][Moody’s][S&P] 
20
Eligible Metal Agent Threshold 
Rating: 
[●] by [Fitch][Moody’s][S&P] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
21
Final Redemption Valuation Date: 
Expected to be [●]. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO FEES 
22
Base Fee Percentage: 
 
 
(i) 
Base Fee Percentage: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Maximum Base Fee 
Percentage: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
23
FX Hedging Fee Percentage: 
 
 
(i) 
FX Hedging Fee Percentage: 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Maximum FX Hedging Fee 
Percentage: 
[[●] per cent. per annum] / [Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO MASTER TERMS 
24
Version number and date of 
relevant version of: 
 
 
(i) 
Master Agency Terms: 
[Master Agency Terms for Uncertificated Registered 
Securities]/[Master Agency Terms], version number [●], dated 
[●] relating to the Programme. 
 
(ii) 
Master Authorised 
Participant Terms: 
Version number [●], dated [●] relating to the Programme. 
 
(iii) Master Balancing Terms: 
Version number [●], dated [●] relating to the Programme. 
 
(iv) Master Custody Terms for 
Secured Accounts: 
Version number [●], dated [●] relating to the Programme. 
 
(v) Master Custody Terms for the 
Subscription Account: 
Version number [●], dated [●] relating to the Programme.

--- Page 240 ---
240 
 
(vi) Master Determination Agent 
Terms: 
Version number [●], dated [●] relating to the Programme. 
 
(vii) Master Metal Agent Terms: 
Version number [●], dated [●] relating to the Programme. 
 
(viii) Master Security Terms: 
Version number [●], dated [●] relating to the Programme. 
 
(ix) Master 
Terms 
and 
Conditions: 
Version number [●], dated [●] relating to the Programme. 
 
(x) Master Trust Terms: 
[Master Trust Terms for Bearer Securities: version number [●] 
dated [●] relating to the Programme.] / 
[Master Trust Terms for Uncertificated Registered Securities: 
version number [●] dated [●] relating to the Programme.] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE ETC SECURITIES 
25
Form of ETC Securities: 
[Bearer Securities: Applicable 
[NGN form: Applicable]/[CGN form: Applicable] 
 
 
Global Security which is exchangeable for Definitive Security 
in the limited circumstances specified in the Global Security.] 
/ 
 
 
[Uncertificated Registered Securities: Applicable] 
 
 
 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING APPLICATION 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required to list and have admitted to trading the issue of ETC 
Securities described herein pursuant to the Secured ETC Precious Metal Linked Securities Programme. 
 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By:…......................................... 
Duly authorised

--- Page 241 ---
241 
Part B – Other Information 
1 
 
LISTING 
 
 
(i) 
Listing and admission to 
trading: 
[Application has been made for the ETC Securities to be 
admitted to the official list of [the London Stock 
Exchange][and/or Euronext Paris][ and/or Euronext 
Amsterdam][ and/or Frankfurt Stock Exchange][ and/or 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange][ and/or Borsa Italiana][ 
and/or OMX Nordic Exchange][ and/or Euronext Dublin][ 
and/or SIX Swiss Exchange] and for the ETC Securities to 
be admitted to trading on the regulated market(s) and/or 
other main market(s) thereof.]/ [Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Relevant 
Stock 
Exchange(s): 
[[London Stock Exchange][,][and/or Euronext Paris][ 
and/or Euronext Amsterdam][ and/or Frankfurt Stock 
Exchange][ and/or Luxembourg Stock Exchange][ and/or 
Borsa Italiana][ and/or OMX Nordic Exchange][and/or 
Euronext Dublin][ and/or SIX Swiss Exchange].] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(iii) Estimate 
of 
total 
net 
proceeds of the issue: 
[●]  
 
(iv) Estimate 
of 
the 
total 
expenses of the issue: 
[GBP 5,000][●]  
 
(v) Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading: 
[GBP 2,000][●]  
2 
 
RATINGS: 
 
 
Ratings: 
[Not Applicable] 
[The ETC Securities to be issued [have been]/[are 
expected to be] rated [[●] by S&P][[●] by Moody’s][[●] by 
Fitch].] 
 
3 
 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
[Save as discussed in “Subscription and Sale”, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the offer of the ETC Securities has an interest material to the offer.] / [●] 
4 
 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[See section headed “Reasons for the Offer and Use of 
Proceeds” in the Base Prospectus.]/[•] 
5 
A 
OPERATIONAL 
INFORMATION 
 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
SEDOL: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]  
 
WKN: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Relevant Clearing System: 
[CREST][Euroclear][Clearstream, Frankfurt][Clearstream, 
Luxembourg][●] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against]/[free of] payment

--- Page 242 ---
242 
 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes][No] 
 
 
 
6 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF 
THE OFFER 
 
 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price]/[●] 
 
Conditions to which the offer is 
subject: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
Description of the time period, 
including any possible 
amendments during which the 
offer will be open and a 
description of the application 
process: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
Description of possibility to 
reduce subscriptions and 
manner for refunding excess 
amount paid by applicants: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum amount of application: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
Details of the method and time 
limits for paying up and 
delivering the ETC Securities: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
Manner in and date on which 
results of the offer are to be 
made public: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
Procedure for exercise of any 
right of pre-emption, 
negotiability of subscription 
rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not 
exercised: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
Tranche(s) which has/have 
been reserved for certain 
countries: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
Process for notification to 
applicants of the amount allotted 
and the indication whether 
dealing may begin before 
notification is made: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
Amount of any expenses and 
taxes specifically charged to the 
subscriber or purchaser: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
Name(s) and address(es), to the 
extent known to the Issuer, of 
the placers in the various 
[None]/[●]

--- Page 243 ---
243 
countries where the offer takes 
place:

--- Page 244 ---
244 
Annex – Issue Specific Summary 
[Issue specific summary to be inserted]

--- Page 245 ---
245 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations (if any) which are necessary 
in Jersey at the date of the Base Prospectus in connection with the establishment of the Programme. The 
establishment of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer 
passed on 26 May 2010. 
2 
There has been no significant change in the financial position of the Issuer or financial performance of the 
group and no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer, in each case, 
since 31 December 2019.  
3 
There are no, nor have there been any, governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), during the 12 months 
preceding the date of the Base Prospectus, which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant 
effects on the Issuer’s financial position or profitability. 
4 
The ETC Securities represent indebtedness of the Issuer. ETC Securities may be accepted for clearance 
through any Clearing System including CREST, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and Clearstream 
Banking, Frankfurt (which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). ETC Securities will be cleared 
through the Relevant Clearing System in whole numbers of ETC Securities only (for these purposes an 
ETC Security may be referred to as a unit by the relevant Clearing System).  
The Common Code and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) 
the CUSIP and CINS number and PORTAL system and identification number for each Series of ETC 
Securities will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.  
The address for CREST is Euroclear UK and Ireland Limited, 33 Cannon Street, London, EC4M 5SB.  
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium.  
The address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy L-1855 Luxembourg.  
The address of Clearstream Banking, Frankfurt is Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, Germany.  
The address for SIX Swiss Exchange SA is Pfingstweidstrasse 110, CH-8005 Zurich.  
The address of any other Clearing System that is a Relevant Clearing System for a Series of ETC 
Securities will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
5 
The Initial Metal Entitlement per Security of, and the number of ETC Securities comprising, each Tranche 
of ETC Securities will be determined before filing of the relevant Final Terms. Save as otherwise provided 
in Condition 10(e) the Issuer will provide post-issuance information in relation to the Metal Entitlement per 
ETC Security and the Value per ETC Security of the ETC Securities in respect of each Scheduled Valuation 
Day by no later than 16:00 London time on the immediately following Scheduled Valuation Day on the 
website maintained on behalf of the Issuer at www.etc.dws.com (or such other website as may be notified 
to Securityholders in accordance with Condition 20). 
6 
For so long as ETC Securities may be issued pursuant to the Base Prospectus and for so long as any 
listed ETC Securities remain outstanding, the documents specified below will be available at 
www.etc.dws.com (or such other website as may be notified to Securityholders): 
(a) 
the Base Prospectus; 
(b) 
the Master Trust Terms (which include the forms of the Global Securities and the Definitive 
Securities); 
(c) 
the up to date Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Issuer; and

--- Page 246 ---
246 
(d) 
the Report and Financial Statements of the Issuer for the period from 1 January 2018 to 31 
December 2018 and the Report and Financial Statements of the Issuer for the period from 1 January 
2019 to 31 December 2019. 
7 
For so long as ETC Securities may be issued pursuant to the Base Prospectus (in respect of paragraphs 
7.1 to 7.12) and for so long as any listed ETC Securities remain outstanding, the current version of each 
of the documents specified below (together with all earlier versions of such documents to the extent that 
there are ETC Securities of any Series outstanding in respect of which the version in question of such 
document is still relevant) will be available in physical format, during usual business hours on any weekday 
(Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted), for inspection at the registered office of the Issuer and 
at the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent and at www.etc.dws.com (or such other website as 
may be notified to Securityholders): 
(a) 
the Master Terms and Conditions; 
(b) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement hereto; 
(c) 
the Report and Financial Statements of the Issuer for the period from 1 January 2018 to 31 
December 2018 and the Report and Financial Statements of the Issuer for the period from 1 January 
2019 to 31 December 2019;  
(d) 
each set of Final Terms; and 
(e) 
such other documents (if any) as may be required by the rules of any Relevant Stock Exchange. 
8 
The Issuer has prepared audited financial statements for the period from 1 January 2018 to 31 December 
2018 and the Report and Financial Statements of the Issuer for the period from 1 January 2019 to 31 
December 2019. Such financial statements are incorporated by reference into and shall form part of this 
Base Prospectus. 
9 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in relation 
to the ETC Securities and is not itself seeking admission of the ETC Securities to the Official List of 
Euronext Dublin or to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
10 
Where the Final Terms indicate that a Series of ETC Securities is “Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility”, such designation simply means that the ETC Securities are intended 
upon issue to be deposited with one of the ICDSs as common safekeeper and does not necessarily mean 
that the ETC Securities will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied of Eurosystem eligibility. 
11 
Being a physical commodity, the Metal does not have an expiry or maturity date. 
12 
Any websites included in the Base Prospectus is for information purposes only and does not form part of 
the Base Prospectus unless incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus and has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
13 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law.

--- Page 247 ---
247 
GLOSSARY 
$ ......................................................................... 11 
£ ......................................................................... 11 
¥ ......................................................................... 11 
€ ......................................................................... 11 
1998 Law .......................................................... 196 
2007 Law .......................................................... 197 
adjourned meeting ................................... 174, 180 
Affiliate ............................................................... 94 
Agency Agreement ............................................. 94 
agent ........................................................ 171, 178 
Agent .................................................................. 95 
Agent Redemption Event ........................... 95, 136 
Agent Redemption Event Notice ................ 95, 136 
Agents ................................................................ 95 
Aggregate Final Metal Entitlement ............. 95, 128 
Aggregate Metal Sold ................................. 95, 128 
amount ............................................................... 95 
AP Bid Price Event ..................................... 95, 137 
AP Redemption Event ................................ 95, 137 
AP Redemption Event Notice ..................... 95, 137 
Appointee ........................................................... 95 
Arranger ............................................................. 95 
Arranger Bankruptcy Event ................................ 95 
Authorised Distributor ........................................... 6 
Authorised Offeror ................................................ 5 
Authorised Participant ........................................ 95 
Authorised Participant Agreement ..................... 96 
Authorised Participant Bankruptcy Event ........... 96 
Average Metal Sale Price ........................... 96, 128 
Balancing Agreement ......................................... 96 
Balancing Agreement Early Termination Date .. 96, 
132 
Balancing Agreement Event of Default ...... 96, 133 
Balancing Agreement Illegality ................... 96, 135 
Balancing Agreement Optional Termination Notice
 ................................................................... 96, 135 
Balancing Agreement Redemption Event .. 96, 132 
Balancing Agreement Tax Event ................ 96, 135 
Balancing Agreement Termination Event ... 96, 134 
Balancing Agreement Termination Notice .. 96, 132 
Bank ........................................... 96, 145, 146, 199 
Base Fee Percentage ................................ 96, 114 
Base Prospectus .................................................. 1 
Bearer Securities ................................................ 96 
Bid Price Request Event ............................ 96, 137 
Bid Price Request Notice ........................... 96, 137 
Bid Price Request Period End Date ........... 96, 137 
block voting instruction ..................................... 171 
Business Day ..................................................... 96 
Buy-Back Order .................................................. 97 
Buy-Back Redemption Amount .......................... 97 
Buy-Back Settlement Date ................................. 97 
Buy-Back Trade Date ......................................... 97 
Certification Date .............................................. 196 
CGN ................................................................... 97 
CHF .................................................................... 11 
Clearing System ................................................. 97 
Clearing System Business Day .................. 97, 146 
Clearstream, Frankfurt ....................................... 97 
Clearstream, Luxembourg .................................. 97 
CMS .................................................................... 92 
Code ............................................................. 72, 78 
Commodity Futures Trading Commission .......... 97 
Commodity Regulatory Body .............................. 97 
Conditions ........................................................... 97 
control ................................................................. 94 
Corporate Administrator ...................................... 97 
CRA Regulation .................................................... 4 
CREST ................................................................ 97 
Custody Agreement for Secured Accounts......... 97 
Custody Agreement for the Subscription Account
 ............................................................................ 98 
Day Count Fraction ..................................... 98, 114 
December 2005 Law......................................... 222 
Definitive Securities ............................................ 98 
Determination Agent ........................................... 98 
Determination Agent Agreement ........................ 98 
Determination Agent Bankruptcy Event .............. 98 
Determination Agent Bankruptcy Event Notice.. 98, 
147 
Determination Agent Breach....................... 98, 149 
Deutsche Bank ................................................. 199 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch ................... 98 
Deutsche Bank entities ....................................... 40 
Deutsche Bank entity .......................................... 40 
Deutsche Bank Group ...................................... 199 
Disrupted Daily FX Percentage .................. 98, 143 
Disrupted Day ..................................................... 98 
Disrupted FX Percentage ........................... 98, 143 
Disruption Event ......................................... 98, 140 
Disruption Event Notice .............................. 98, 141 
dollars ................................................................. 11 
Domestic Paying Agent .................................... 216 
Early Metal Redemption Amount ................ 98, 128 
Early Redemption Amount .......................... 99, 130 
Early Redemption Date............................... 99, 128 
Early Redemption Disposal Period ............. 99, 128 
Early Redemption Event ............................. 99, 132 
Early Redemption Valuation Date ............... 99, 128 
Eligible Authorised Participant ............................ 99 
Eligible Authorised Participant Threshold Rating 99 
Eligible Counterparty .......................................... 99 
Eligible Counterparty Threshold Rating .............. 99 
Eligible Custodian ............................................... 99 
Eligible Custodian Threshold Rating................... 99 
Eligible Metal Agent ............................................ 99 
Eligible Metal Agent Threshold Rating ................ 99 
ERISA ................................................................... 9 
ETC Securities ................ 1, 99, 112, 171, 178, 237 
ETC Securities Balancing Agreement Redemption 
Event ........................................................... 99, 138 
EUI ...................................................................... 99 
EUR .................................................................... 11 
euro ..................................................................... 11 
Euroclear ............................................................ 99 
Event of Default .......................................... 99, 154 
Event of Default Redemption Notice ........... 99, 154 
Exchange Date ......................................... 100, 114

--- Page 248 ---
248 
Extraordinary Resolution .................................. 100 
FCA .................................................................. 100 
Final Metal Redemption Amount .............. 100, 129 
Final Observation Date .................................... 100 
Final Redemption Amount ........................ 100, 130 
Final Redemption Disposal Period ........... 100, 129 
Final Redemption Valuation Date ............ 100, 129 
Final Terms .................................................. 1, 100 
financial services company .............................. 196 
Fitch ............................................................. 4, 100 
Fixings ................................................................ 72 
FSMA ............................................................... 100 
FX Disruption Event ................................. 100, 140 
FX Factor ................................................. 100, 114 
FX Forward Reference Level ........... 100, 115, 129 
FX Forward Reference Level Source ....... 100, 115 
FX Hedged ETC Securities .............................. 100 
FX Hedging Fee Percentage .................... 100, 115 
FX Level Source Disruption ..................... 100, 140 
FX Percentage ......................................... 100, 115 
FX Spot Reference Level ................. 101, 115, 129 
FX Spot Reference Level Source ............. 101, 115 
GBP .................................................................... 11 
General Business Day ..................................... 101 
German Paying Agent ...................................... 101 
Global Security ................................................. 101 
Gold .................................................................. 101 
HMRC ........................................................ 66, 227 
holder ....................................................... 101, 112 
Initial Early Redemption Event ................. 101, 131 
Initial Metal Entitlement per ETC Security ........ 101 
Investor’s Currency ............................................ 30 
Issue Date ........................................................ 101 
Issue Deed ....................................................... 101 
Issue Price per ETC Security ........................... 101 
Issuer ........................................................... 1, 102 
Issuer Administration Agreement ..................... 102 
Issuer Call Redemption Event .................. 102, 131 
Issuer Call Redemption Notice ................. 102, 131 
Issuer Change in Law or Regulation Redemption 
Event ........................................................ 102, 132 
Issuer Delegation Agreement ........................... 102 
Issuer Redemption Notice ........................ 102, 132 
Issuer Series Fees and Expenses ................... 102 
Issuing and Paying Agent ................................ 102 
ITA 2007 ........................................................... 228 
Jersey Property Profits ..................................... 197 
JPY ..................................................................... 11 
Law ................................................................... 196 
LBMA ................................................... 66, 69, 102 
Lead Authorised Participant ............................. 102 
LGD gold bar ...................................................... 70 
LGD silver bar .................................................... 76 
London Business Day ...................................... 102 
Loss .................................................................. 102 
LPMCL ............................................................... 70 
LPPM ................................................... 66, 80, 102 
Master Agency Terms ...................................... 102 
Master Agency Terms for Uncertificated 
Registered Securities ....................................... 102 
Master Authorised Participant Terms ............... 102 
Master Balancing Terms .................................. 102 
Master Custody Terms for Secured Accounts .. 103 
Master Custody Terms for the Subscription 
Account ............................................................. 103 
Master Determination Agent Terms .................. 103 
Master Metal Agent Terms ............................... 103 
Master Security Terms ...................................... 103 
Master Terms and Conditions........................... 103 
Master Trust Terms .......................................... 103 
Maturity Postponement Notice .................. 103, 142 
Maximum Base Fee Percentage .............. 103, 114 
Maximum FX Hedging Fee Percentage .... 103, 115 
Metal ................................................................. 103 
Metal Agent....................................................... 103 
Metal Agent Agreement .................................... 103 
Metal Agent Bankruptcy Event ......................... 103 
Metal Currency ................................................. 104 
Metal Disrupted Day ................................. 104, 143 
Metal Disruption Event .............................. 104, 140 
Metal Entitlement per ETC Security .. 104, 116, 129 
Metal Fixing Time ............................................. 116 
Metal Price Adjustment Factor .................. 104, 116 
Metal Reference Price ...................... 104, 116, 129 
Metal Reference Price Source .................. 104, 116 
Metal Reference Price Source Disruption . 104, 140 
Minimum Debt Amount ............................. 104, 130 
Moody’s ........................................................ 4, 104 
Net Sale Proceeds ............................................ 129 
NGN .................................................................. 104 
Notification ............................................................ 3 
Obligor .............................................................. 104 
Observation Date .............................................. 104 
OECD ............................................................... 104 
Offshore Fund ................................................... 229 
Operator ............................................................ 104 
OTC .................................................................... 69 
Other Creditor ................................................... 104 
Other Issuer Obligation ..................................... 104 
Other Issuer Obligations ................................... 104 
outstanding ....................................................... 104 
Palladium .......................................................... 105 
participating securities ...................................... 105 
Paying Agents................................................... 105 
Payment Business Day ..................................... 105 
Platinum ............................................................ 105 
Potential Event of Default ................................. 105 
pounds sterling ................................................... 11 
Price Source ..................................................... 105 
Price Source Disruption .................................... 105 
Principal ............................................................ 105 
Proceedings .............................................. 106, 170 
Product Fee ...................................................... 106 
Product Fee Deduction Factor .................. 106, 116 
Product Fee Percentage ........................... 106, 116 
Programme ................................................... 1, 106 
Programme Counterparty ................................. 106 
Programme Counterparty Breach ............. 106, 147 
Programme Counterparty Default Redemption 
Notice ........................................................ 106, 138 
Programme Maximum Number of ETC Securities
 .......................................................................... 106 
Programme Proposal Agreement ..................... 106 
Prospectus Directive ..................................... 3, 237

--- Page 249 ---
249 
proxy ........................................................ 173, 179 
Publication Event Redemption Notice ...... 106, 136 
Publication Failure Event ......................... 106, 136 
Publication Redemption Event ................. 106, 136 
Rating Agencies ............................................... 106 
Rating Agency .................................................. 106 
Redemption Disposal Period .................... 106, 129 
Register ............................................................ 106 
Registrar ........................................................... 106 
Relevant Association ........................................ 106 
Relevant Clearing System ................................ 106 
Relevant Date .......................................... 106, 154 
Relevant Disrupted Day ........................... 106, 142 
Relevant Member State ................................... 233 
Relevant Metal Disrupted Day ................. 106, 143 
Relevant Price .......................................... 106, 144 
Relevant Provisions ......................................... 107 
Relevant Stock Exchange ................................ 107 
representative .................................................. 179 
Reserve Trust Account ..................................... 107 
Rhodium ........................................................... 107 
RIS ................................................................... 107 
RNS .................................................................. 107 
S&P .............................................................. 4, 107 
Scheduled Early Redemption Date .......... 107, 128 
Scheduled Maturity Date .......................... 107, 130 
Scheduled Observation Date ........................... 107 
Scheduled Valuation Day ................................. 107 
Secondary Early Redemption Event ........ 107, 131 
Secured Account .............................................. 107 
Secured Account Custodian ............................. 107 
Secured Account Custodian Bankruptcy Event 107 
Secured Agent Rights ...................................... 108 
Secured Allocated Account .............................. 108 
Secured Assets ................................................ 108 
Secured Balancing Agreement Rights ............. 108 
Secured Creditor .............................................. 108 
Secured Issuer Obligation ................................ 108 
Secured Issuer Obligations .............................. 108 
Secured Property ............................................. 108 
Secured Unallocated Account .......................... 108 
Securities Act ................................................... 108 
Security ............................................................ 108 
Security Deed ................................................... 108 
Securityholder .......................................... 108, 112 
Securityholder Notice and Direction ......... 109, 136 
Securityholders ........................................ 171, 178 
Selling Restrictions ........................................... 231 
Series ............................................................... 109 
Series Fee ........................................................ 109 
Series Issue Date ............................................. 109 
Series Overheads ............................................ 109 
Silver ................................................................ 109 
Similar Law ........................................................... 9 
special quorum resolution ......................... 172, 178 
Specified Currency ................................... 109, 129 
specified office .................................................. 109 
sterling ................................................................ 11 
Stock Exchange ............................................ 3, 109 
Sub-Custodian .................................................. 109 
Sub-Custody Agreement .................................. 109 
Subscription Account ........................................ 109 
Subscription Account Custodian ....................... 110 
Subscription Account Custodian Bankruptcy Event
 .......................................................................... 110 
Subscription Order ............................................ 110 
Subscription Settlement Amount ...................... 110 
Subscription Settlement Date ........................... 110 
Subscription Trade Date ................................... 110 
Substituted Obligor ................................... 110, 157 
Successor Price Source ........................... 110, 144 
Suspension Event ............................................. 110 
TARGET Settlement Day .................................. 110 
TARGET System .............................................. 110 
Tax .................................................................... 111 
Termination Event Redemption Event ...... 111, 138 
Termination Event Redemption Notice ..... 111, 138 
Termination for Breach ..................................... 111 
Termination for Cause ...................................... 111 
TIOPA 2010 ...................................................... 229 
Trading Unit .............................................. 111, 129 
Tranche ............................................................. 111 
Transaction Document ...................................... 111 
Transaction Documents .................................... 111 
Transaction Party .............................................. 111 
Transfer Agent .................................................. 111 
Trust Deed ........................................................ 111 
Trustee .............................................................. 111 
U.S. dollars ......................................................... 11 
U.S.$ ................................................................... 11 
UK Individuals ................................................... 227 
UK Listing Authority .......................................... 111 
Uncertificated Registered Securities................. 111 
Uncertificated Regulations ................................ 111 
Underlying Metal ............................................... 112 
USD .................................................................... 11 
Value per ETC Security ............................ 112, 118 
Value per ETC Security Threshold Leve .......... 112 
Value per ETC Security Threshold Level.......... 136 
Value per ETC Security Threshold Level Notice
 .................................................................. 112, 136 
Value per ETC Security Threshold Redemption 
Event ......................................................... 112, 137 
VAT ................................................................... 112 
VAT Redemption Event ............................ 112, 137 
VAT Redemption Event Notice ................. 112, 137 
voting certificate ................................................ 171 
zero tax rating ................................................... 196

--- Page 250 ---
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
4th Floor 
St. Paul’s Gate 
22 -24 New Street 
St. Helier 
Jersey JE1 4TR 
Channel Islands 
 
TRUSTEE 
DETERMINATION AGENT 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
Apex Fund Services (Ireland) Limited 
2nd Floor, Block 5, Irish Life Centre 
Abbey Street Lower 
Dublin D01 P767 
 Ireland 
METAL AGENT 
Deutsche Bank AG  
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.  
              25 Bank Street 
              Canary Wharf 
             London E14 5JP 
             United Kingdom 
ISSUING AND PAYING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank AG  
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
 
ARRANGER, PROGRAMME COUNTERPARTY AND LEAD 
AUTHORISED PARTICIPANT 
REGISTRAR 
(for Uncertificated Registered Securities) 
Deutsche Bank AG  
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
Computershare Investor Services (Jersey) Limited 
Queensway House 
Hilgrove Street 
St Helier  
Jersey JE1 1ES 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 D02 T380 
Ireland 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISORS TO THE ISSUERS AS TO JERSEY LAW 
 
Ogier 
44 Esplanade 
St Helier 
Jersey JE4 9WG 
Channel Islands