--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
Base Prospectus 
DB ETC Index plc 
(incorporated as a public company with limited liability under the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991) 
Secured ETC Index Linked Securities Programme 
What is this document? 
This document (this “Base Prospectus”) constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8.1 of the Prospectus Regulation and is in respect 
of the Secured ETC Index Linked Securities Programme (the “Programme”) of DB ETC Index plc (the “Issuer”).  
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months. The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of the ETC Securities, prepare a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus. The obligation to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy 
does not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid.  
It is important that you read and understand this Base Prospectus before you invest in ETC Securities. 
What type of securities does this document relate to? 
This Base Prospectus relates to the issuance of secured, limited recourse securities (“ETC Securities”) of the Issuer that will be linked to a 
commodity Index, will not pay any interest and upon maturity will pay an amount linked to the performance of the commodity Index, subject to 
deduction of a fee. 
 
The ETC Securities involve a significant degree of risk and potential investors should be prepared to sustain a loss of all or part of their 
investment. 
Who is the Issuer? 
The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle whose sole business is the issue of ETC Securities. 
What is in this Base Prospectus? 
This Base Prospectus, together with the documents incorporated by reference within, is intended to provide investors with necessary information 
with regard to the Issuer and the ETC Securities which, according to the particular nature and circumstances of the Issuer and the ETC Securities, 
is material to prospective investors for making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and 
prospects of the Issuer, the rights attaching to the ETC Securities and the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer. 
The contractual terms of any particular Series of ETC Securities will be made up of the terms and conditions set out at pages 70-153 of this Base 
Prospectus, as completed by a separate Final Terms document, which is specific to that issuance of ETC Securities (the “Final Terms”).  
The Base Prospectus also discloses: risk factors relating to an investment in ETC Securities; information about the agreements entered into by the 
Issuer in respect of the ETC Securities; information concerning certain parties that have roles in connection with the Programme; information 
regarding taxation in certain jurisdictions; and information about selling restrictions applicable to the ETC Securities.  
All capitalised terms used will be defined in this Base Prospectus or the Final Terms and a glossary of defined terms is set out at pages 235-237 of 
this Base Prospectus. Where a branch of any entity is referred to in this Base Prospectus, investors should note that such branch is not a subsidiary 
of such entity and does not comprise a separate legal entity, and accordingly, any recourse may be had to the relevant entity and not just the 
specified branch. Deutsche Bank AG performs various roles with respect to the ETC Securities. In performing such roles, Deutsche Bank AG will 
act through its London branch. Deutsche Bank AG has chosen to perform its roles through this branch because key activities relevant to its roles 
are carried out by it from London and because of its operational and administrative policies. However, as described previously, Deutsche Bank 
AG’s decision to perform its role from its London branch does not affect or limit, in any respect, the rights of any person who contracts with it. 
What other documents do I need to read? 
This Base Prospectus contains all information which is necessary to enable investors to make an informed decision of the financial position and 
prospects of the Issuer and of the rights attaching to the ETC Securities. Some of this information is incorporated by reference from other publicly 
available documents and some of this information is completed in an issue-specific document called the Final Terms. It is recommended that you 
read the documents incorporated by reference, as well as the Final Terms in respect of the relevant Series of ETC Securities, together with this 
Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus and any document incorporated by reference will be made available at www.etc.dws.com. The information on any websites 
referred to herein does not form part of the Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus and has 
not been scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
What information is included in the Final Terms? 
Whilst the Base Prospectus includes general information about all ETC Securities, the Final Terms is the document that sets out the specific details 
of the particular issue of ETC Securities covered by those Final Terms. Such details will include: the issue date; issue price; currency; series number; 
name(s) of the Authorised Participant(s); scheduled maturity date; the commodity Index to which those ETC Securities are linked; the fee 
percentages or maximum fee percentages applicable to those ETC Securities and whether those ETC Securities are in bearer or registered form. 
 
Arranger and Lead Authorised Participant 
DEUTSCHE BANK AG 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 21 April 2021.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8.1 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). 
Approval 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”), as 
competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank only approves this Base 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed 
by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either 
the Issuer or the quality of the ETC Securities that is the subject of this Base Prospectus and 
prospective purchasers should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the 
ETC Securities. Such approval relates only to the ETC Securities which are to be admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin or other regulated markets for the purposes of Directive 
2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on Markets in Financial Instruments and 
amending Directive 2002/92/EC and Directive 2011/61/EU (recast) (“MiFID II”) and/or which are to 
be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). 
The Issuer has requested the Central Bank to notify the approval of the Base Prospectus in 
accordance with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation to the competent authority in Austria, the 
Österreichische Finanzmarktaufsichtsbehörde (Austrian Financial Market Authority), the competent 
authority in Belgium, the Financial Services and Markets Authority, the competent authority in Finland, 
the Finanssivalvonta (Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority), the competent authority in France, the 
Autorité des Marchés Financiers (Authority for the Financial Markets), the competent authority in 
Germany, the Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (the Federal Financial Supervisory 
Authority), the competent authority in Italy, the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(CONSOB), the competent authority in Luxembourg, the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur 
Financier (Commission for the Supervision of the Financial Sector), the competent authority in the 
Netherlands, the Autoriteit Financiële Markten (Authority for the Financial Markets) and the competent 
authority in Sweden, Finansinspektionen (Financial Supervisory Authority) by providing them with a 
certificate of approval attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation (a “Notification”). The Issuer may request the Central Bank to provide 
competent authorities in additional Member States within the European Economic Area with a 
Notification. 
Admission to Listing and Trading 
Application will be made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext 
Dublin”) for the ETC Securities issued during the period of twelve months after the date of this Base 
Prospectus to be admitted to the official list (the “Official List”) and to trading on its regulated market 
(which is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II). 
In addition or alternatively, a Series of ETC Securities may be listed on the official list of one or more 
of the following stock exchanges and be admitted to trading on the regulated market or other main 
market thereof: Euronext Paris, Euronext Amsterdam, the Frankfurt Stock Exchange, the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, the Borsa Italiana, the OMX Nordic Exchange and/or the SIX Swiss Exchange (each 
a “Stock Exchange”) as may be agreed between the Issuer and the Arranger. References in this 
Base Prospectus to ETC Securities being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that such 
ETC Securities have either been admitted to the Official List and have been admitted to trading on

--- Page 4 ---
4 
the Market or have been admitted to the official list and have been admitted to trading on the regulated 
market or other main market of any other Stock Exchange.  
This Base Prospectus may not be used in connection with or to offer any ETC Securities (a) 
listed on the official list of any stock exchange and admitted to trading on any market other 
than those listed on the official list of a Stock Exchange in the EEA and admitted to trading on 
a regulated market or main market of a Member State or (b) to investors in the UK. In particular, 
this Base Prospectus does not relate to any ETC Securities listed on any non-EEA stock 
exchange and trading on any non-EEA market such as the London Stock Exchange plc and/or 
the SIX Swiss Exchange. For the avoidance of doubt, the terms and conditions of any ETC 
Securities listed on any non-EEA stock exchange and trading on any non-EEA market will be 
set out in a separate document and will be offered pursuant to such separate disclosure and/or 
offering document as may be required by the laws applicable to such non-EEA jurisdiction 
and the rules of the relevant non-EEA exchange).  
For the purposes of the listing of any ETC Securities on the Official List of the United Kingdom 
Financial Conduct Authority (the “FCA”), the admission to trading of any ETC Securities on 
the regulated market of the London Stock Exchange plc and/or the offer of any ETC Securities 
to investors in the United Kingdom (the “UK”) under the Programme, the Issuer published on 
the date hereof a base prospectus (the “UK Base Prospectus”) which was approved by the 
FCA, pursuant to which any such listing, admission to trading and/or offer will be effected. 
This Base Prospectus has not been approved yet by the Swiss prospectus reviewing body according 
to the relevant provision of the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA"), as amended. The Issuer will 
solicit such approval within the deadline set out under Art. 95 para. 4 FinSA. 
Rating 
ETC Securities issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Series of ETC 
Securities is to be rated such rating will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Such rating will 
not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the ETC Securities already issued. A rating is 
not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal 
at any time by the assigning agency.  
This Base Prospectus contains references to credit ratings granted by Moody’s Investors Service Inc. 
(“Moody’s”), Standard & Poor’s Rating Services, a division of S&P Global (“S&P”) and Fitch Ratings 
Limited (“Fitch”). 
Fitch, Moody’s and S&P are not established in the European Union and have not applied for 
registration pursuant to Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (the “CRA 
Regulation”). However, their respective affiliates are established in the EEA and registered under 
the CRA Regulation. Such affiliates endorse the ratings of Fitch, Moody’s and S&P for use for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA. 
Responsibility for Base Prospectus and Consent to Use by Authorised Offerors 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best 
of the knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance 
with the facts and this Base Prospectus does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such 
information. The information in the section entitled “Information Concerning the Lead Authorised 
Participant, the Custodian and the Programme Swap Counterparty” and in the section entitled 
“Description of the Commodity Indices” consists only of extracts from, or summaries of, publicly 
available information. Such publicly available information was not prepared in connection with the

--- Page 5 ---
5 
offering of the ETC Securities. The Issuer accepts responsibility for the accurate reproduction of such 
publicly available information. As far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
published by Deutsche Bank AG or the relevant Index Sponsor, as applicable, no facts have been 
omitted which would render such reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Deutsche Bank AG accepts responsibility for the information contained in the section entitled 
“Information Concerning the Lead Authorised Participant, the Custodian and the Programme Swap 
Counterparty”. To the best of the knowledge of Deutsche Bank AG, such information is in accordance 
with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. To the fullest 
extent permitted by law, Deutsche Bank AG does not accept any responsibility (whether arising in 
tort, contract or otherwise) for the other contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement 
made or purported to be made by it or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer or the issue and 
offering of the ETC Securities. 
The Issuer consents to the use of this Base Prospectus (and accepts responsibility for the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus) with respect to subsequent resale or final placement by way of 
public offer of a Series of ETC Securities by any Authorised Participant, Authorised Distributor or 
other financial intermediary in respect of that Series of ETC Securities in any of Austria, Belgium, 
France, Finland, Germany, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands and Sweden, which is an investment 
firm within the meaning of MiFID II and which is authorised in accordance with MiFID II in any EU 
member state (each an “Authorised Offeror”), provided such Authorised Offeror complies with the 
Selling Restrictions. Such consent applies to any such resale or final placement by way of public offer 
during the period of 12 months from the date of the Base Prospectus unless such consent is 
withdrawn prior to that date by notice published on the website of the Issuer at www.etc.dws.com (or 
such other website as may be notified to Securityholders). Other than the right of the Issuer to 
withdraw the consent and the aforementioned requirements applicable to Authorised Offerors, no 
other conditions are attached to the consent described in this paragraph. Any new information with 
respect to the identity of any new Authorised Participants will be published on the website of the 
Issuer at www.etc.dws.com (or such other website as may be notified to Securityholders). An 
Authorised Offeror using this Base Prospectus is required to publish on its website that it 
uses this Base Prospectus in accordance with the consent of the Issuer and the conditions 
attached thereto. However, neither Marc Harris, Visdirect Services Limited or Viscom Services 
Limited (as directors of the Issuer) nor Deutsche Bank AG has any responsibility for any of the actions 
of any Authorised Offeror (save where it is itself an Authorised Offeror), including compliance by an 
Authorised Offeror with applicable conduct of business rules or other local regulatory requirements or 
other securities law requirements in relation to such offer.  
In the event of an offer being made by an Authorised Offeror, the Authorised Offeror will 
provide information to investors on the terms and conditions of the offer at the time the offer 
is made. 
Any offer or sale of ETC Securities to an investor by an Authorised Offeror will be made in 
accordance with any terms and other arrangements in place between such Authorised Offeror 
and such investor including as to price, allocations and settlement arrangements. Where such 
information is not contained in the Base Prospectus or Final Terms, it will be the responsibility 
of the applicable financial intermediary at the time of such offer to provide the investor with 
that information and neither the Issuer, nor the Arranger or other Authorised Offeror has any 
responsibility or liability for such information. 
Other than as set out above, neither the Issuer nor the Arranger has authorised (nor do they authorise 
or consent to the use of this Base Prospectus in connection with) any resale or final placement of the 
ETC Securities by way of a public offer by any person in any circumstances. Any such unauthorised 
offers are not made on behalf of the Issuer or the Arranger or Authorised Offerors and none of the

--- Page 6 ---
6 
Issuer or the Arranger or Authorised Offerors has any responsibility or liability for the actions of any 
person making such offers. Investors should enquire whether a financial intermediary is an Authorised 
Offeror. If an investor is offered ETC Securities by a person or entity which is not an Authorised 
Offeror, the investor should check with such person or entity whether any entity is responsible for this 
Base Prospectus in the context of an offer of ETC Securities to the public. If the investor is in doubt 
about whether it can rely on the Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents, it should 
take legal advice. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, no Authorised Offeror (excluding, for this purpose, Deutsche 
Bank AG and any branch thereof) accepts any responsibility for the contents of this Base Prospectus 
or for any other statement made or purported to be made by it or on its behalf in connection with the 
Issuer or the issue and offering of the ETC Securities. Each Authorised Offeror (excluding, for this 
purpose, Deutsche Bank AG and any branch thereof) disclaims all and any liability whether arising in 
tort or contract or otherwise which it might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus and/or 
any such statement. 
The Authorised Participants may appoint distributors or brokers (which may include Deutsche Bank 
AG or any of its Affiliates) in connection with the offering of ETC Securities and may pay commissions 
or fees to such distributors or brokers in an amount not exceeding one-third of the Product Fee in 
relation to the relevant Series of ETC Securities (any such appointed distributor or broker being an 
“Authorised Distributor”). If any commissions or fees relating to the issue and sale of these ETC 
Securities have been paid or are payable by an Authorised Participant to a distributor or broker, then 
such distributor or broker may be obliged to fully disclose to its clients the existence, nature and 
amount of any such commissions or fees (including, if applicable, by way of discount) as required in 
accordance with laws and regulations applicable to such distributor or broker, including any 
legislation, regulation and/or rule implementing MiFID II, or as otherwise may apply in any non 
European Economic Area jurisdictions. Potential investors in these ETC Securities should ensure that 
they have been informed about the fee or commission arrangements by the distributor or broker 
before making any purchase of the ETC Securities. 
Other Representations not to be relied on 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than 
those contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the ETC Securities 
and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Lead Authorised Participant, any Authorised Offeror, the 
Determination Agent, any other Agent, the Programme Swap Counterparty, Swap Counterparty or 
any Credit Support Provider.  
Possible Change in Circumstances of the Issuer 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under 
any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer 
since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended 
or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since 
the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as 
at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the 
document containing the same.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
No representation as to Swap Counterparty, Credit Support Provider or Posted 
Collateral 
None of the Issuer, the Arranger, any Transaction Party nor any Affiliate of any such persons makes 
any representation as to the credit quality of the Swap Counterparty, any Credit Support Provider or 
any Posted Collateral. Any of such persons may have acquired, or during the term of the ETC 
Securities may acquire, non-public information in relation to the Swap Counterparty, any Credit 
Support Provider and/or the Posted Collateral. None of such persons is under any obligation to make 
such information directly available to Securityholders. None of the Issuer, the Arranger, any 
Transaction Party nor any Affiliate of any such persons is under any obligation to make available any 
information relating to, or keep under review on the Securityholders’ behalf, the business, financial 
conditions, prospects, creditworthiness or state of affairs of the Swap Counterparty, any Credit 
Support Provider or any issuer/obligor in relation to any Eligible Financial Instruments transferred to 
the Issuer under the relevant Credit Support Deed or any other Credit Support Document or conduct 
any investigation or due diligence thereon. 
No representation as to Index Sponsor 
The ETC Securities are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the Index Sponsor (in its 
capacity as such, although an Index Sponsor might also be an Authorised Participant) of the relevant 
Index and the Index Sponsor makes no representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, either 
as to the results to be obtained from the use of the Index and/or the levels at which the Index stands 
at any particular time on any particular date or otherwise. 
None of the Issuer or any Transaction Party shall (or is under any obligation to) verify any calculation, 
determination of, or level published by, the relevant Index Sponsor in respect of the Index. The Index 
Sponsor shall not be liable (whether in negligence or otherwise) to any person for any error in the 
Index and the Index Sponsor is under no obligation to advise any person of any error therein. None 
of the Issuer or any Transaction Party shall have any liability to any Securityholder or any other person 
for any act or failure to act by the Index Sponsor in connection with the calculation, adjustment, 
maintenance and/or publication of the Index.  
Investors to Make Own Assessment 
This document identifies in general terms certain information that a prospective investor should 
consider prior to making an investment in the ETC Securities. However, a prospective investor should 
conduct its own thorough analysis (including its own accounting, legal, regulatory, financial and tax 
analysis) prior to deciding whether to invest in any ETC Securities issued under the Programme. Any 
evaluation of the suitability for an investor of an investment in ETC Securities issued under the 
Programme depends upon that prospective investor’s particular financial and other circumstances, 
as well as on the specific terms of the relevant ETC Securities.  
Benchmark Administrator not Registered 
Under Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “Benchmark Regulation”), benchmark administrators had to 
apply for authorisation or registration as an administrator before 1 January 2020. Upon such 
authorisation or registration, the benchmark administrator or the benchmark will appear on the register 
of administrators and benchmarks maintained by the ESMA pursuant to article 36 of the Benchmark 
Regulation. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, a benchmark with an administrator indicated in

--- Page 8 ---
8 
the ESMA register within the meaning of the Benchmark Regulation is not being used by any of the 
Series of ETC Securities.  
The Master Terms and Conditions of the ETC Securities set out the actions that will be taken in the 
event that a benchmark materially changes or ceases to be provided in accordance with article 28 of 
the Benchmark Regulation. 
Fees, Costs and Charges 
This Base Prospectus, the Final Terms relating to the ETC Securities and the financial statements of 
the Issuer contain certain information relating to fees and costs and charges applicable to the ETC 
Securities. If the Securityholder is advised by third parties (in particular companies providing services 
related to financial instruments, such as credit institutions and investment firms) when acquiring the 
ETC Securities, or if the third parties mediate the purchase, such third parties may have to provide 
the Securityholder, as the case may be, with a breakdown of costs and charges or expense ratios 
that are not laid out in the cost details in this Base Prospectus, the Final Terms relating to the ETC 
Securities, or the financial statements of the Issuer. 
Securityholders should note that the information provided by third parties on all relevant costs and 
charges may vary from one party to the other due to these third parties additionally invoicing the costs 
of their own services (e.g. a surcharge or, where applicable, recurrent brokering or advisory fees, 
depositary fees, etc.). 
No Investment Advice or Assessment of Suitability or Lawfulness of Acquisition 
This document is not, and does not purport to be, investment advice, and none of the Issuer, the 
Arranger or any Transaction Party makes any recommendation as to the suitability of the ETC 
Securities as an investment. The provision of this document to prospective investors is not based on 
any prospective investor’s individual circumstances and should not be relied upon as an assessment 
of suitability for any prospective investor of the ETC Securities. Even if the Issuer, the Arranger or a 
Transaction Party possesses information as to the objectives of any prospective investor in relation 
to any transaction, series of transactions or trading strategy, this will not be deemed sufficient for any 
assessment of suitability for such person of the ETC Securities. Any trading or investment decisions 
a prospective investor takes are in reliance on its own analysis and judgment and/or that of its advisers 
and not in reliance on the Issuer, the Arranger, any Transaction Party or any of their respective 
Affiliates. 
None of the Issuer, the Arranger, any Transaction Party nor any Affiliate of such persons has or 
assumes responsibility for the lawfulness of the acquisition of the ETC Securities by a prospective 
purchaser of the ETC Securities (whether for its own account or for the account of any third party), 
whether under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or any jurisdiction in which it operates (if 
different), or for compliance by that prospective purchaser (or any such third party) with any law, 
regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it. 
Distribution and No Offer 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the ETC Securities in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes 
are required by the Issuer, the Lead Authorised Participant, all Authorised Offerors and the Arranger 
to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions.  
For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of ETC Securities and on the distribution 
of this Base Prospectus, see the section entitled “Subscription and Sale”.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, 
the Arranger or any Transaction Party to subscribe for, or purchase, any ETC Securities. 
ETC Securities issued under the Programme will not be offered or sold to "consumers" 
(consumenten/consommateurs) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law. 
United Kingdom Selling Restrictions 
Any Authorised Participant offering ETC Securities in the UK shall comply with the restrictions 
contained in the UK Base Prospectus with respect to sales of ETC Securities in the UK. 
United States Selling Restrictions 
THE ETC SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN, AND WILL NOT BE, REGISTERED UNDER THE 
UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”) OR 
UNDER THE SECURITIES LAW OF ANY STATE OR POLITICAL SUB-DIVISION OF THE UNITED 
STATES OF AMERICA OR ANY OF ITS TERRITORIES, POSSESSIONS OR OTHER AREAS 
SUBJECT TO ITS JURISDICTION INCLUDING THE COMMONWEALTH OF PUERTO RICO, AND 
THE ISSUER HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER ANY FEDERAL LAWS 
OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA. THE ETC SECURITIES INCLUDE ETC SECURITIES IN 
BEARER FORM THAT ARE SUBJECT TO U.S. TAX LAW REQUIREMENTS. NO PERSON HAS 
REGISTERED NOR WILL REGISTER AS A COMMODITY POOL OPERATOR OF THE ISSUER 
UNDER THE COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT OF 1936, AS AMENDED (THE “CEA”) AND THE 
RULES THEREUNDER (THE “CFTC RULES”) OF THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING 
COMMISSION (THE “CFTC”). ANY OFFER OR SALE OF THE ETC SECURITIES MUST BE MADE 
IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION EXEMPT FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF 
THE SECURITIES ACT PURSUANT TO REGULATION S THEREUNDER (“REGULATION S”). THE 
ETC SECURITIES MAY NOT AT ANY TIME BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE 
TRANSFERRED, OR IF IN BEARER FORM, DELIVERED, IN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR 
FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, PERSONS WHO ARE EITHER (A) U.S. PERSONS AS 
DEFINED IN REGULATION S OR (B) PERSONS WHO DO NOT COME WITHIN THE DEFINITION 
OF A NON-UNITED STATES PERSON UNDER CFTC RULE 4.7 (EXCLUDING FOR THE 
PURPOSES OF SUBSECTION (D) THEREOF, THE EXCEPTION TO THE EXTENT IT WOULD 
APPLY TO PERSONS WHO ARE NOT NON-UNITED STATES PERSONS). ANY UNITED STATES 
PERSON THAT HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS UNDER THE 
UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 
165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE UNITED STATES INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS 
AMENDED (THE “CODE”). FOR A DESCRIPTION OF FURTHER RESTRICTIONS ON THE OFFER, 
SALE AND TRANSFER OF THE ETC SECURITIES, PLEASE REFER TO THE “UNITED STATES” 
SUB-SECTION IN THE “SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE” SECTION OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS. 
THE ETC SECURITIES MAY NOT BE LEGALLY OR BENEFICIALLY OWNED BY ANY ENTITY 
THAT IS, OR THAT IS USING THE ASSETS OF, (A)(I) AN “EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN” (AS 
DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE UNITED STATES EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME 
SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (“ERISA”)) THAT IS SUBJECT TO THE FIDUCIARY 
RESPONSIBILITY REQUIREMENTS OF TITLE I OF ERISA, (II) A “PLAN” TO WHICH SECTION 
4975 OF THE CODE, APPLIES, OR (III) AN ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE 
“PLAN ASSETS” (AS DETERMINED PURSUANT TO THE “PLAN ASSETS REGULATION” 
ISSUED BY THE UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF LABOR AT 29 C.F.R. SECTION 2510.3-101 
AS MODIFIED BY SECTION 3(42) OF ERISA) OR OTHERWISE UNDER ERISA BY REASON OF 
ANY SUCH EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN’S OR PLAN’S INVESTMENT IN THE ENTITY (ANY SUCH 
PLAN OR ENTITY DESCRIBED IN (I), (II) OR (III), A “BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR”) OR (B) A NON-

--- Page 10 ---
10 
U.S. PLAN, GOVERNMENTAL PLAN, CHURCH PLAN OR OTHER PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO 
ANY FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, NON-U.S. OR OTHER LAW OR REGULATION THAT IS SIMILAR 
TO THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE (A 
“SIMILAR LAW”) UNLESS ITS ACQUISITION AND HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF ANY ETC 
SECURITY, OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN, HAS NOT AND WILL NOT CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION 
OF SUCH SIMILAR LAW. 
No Verification or Review by Arranger or Transaction Party 
None of the Arranger or any Transaction Party has separately verified the information contained in 
this Base Prospectus (save as otherwise provided above) and accordingly none of them makes any 
representation, recommendation or warranty, express or implied, regarding the accuracy, adequacy, 
reasonableness or completeness of the information contained herein or in any further information, 
notice or other document which may, at any time, be supplied in connection with the ETC Securities 
or their distribution and none of them accepts any responsibility or liability therefor. None of the 
Arranger or any Transaction Party undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer 
during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus or to advise any investor 
or potential investor in the ETC Securities of any information coming to their attention. 
Issuer obligations only 
No person other than the Issuer will be obliged to make payments on the ETC Securities of any 
Series. The ETC Securities issued under the Programme will not be guaranteed by, or be the 
responsibility of, any other entity. In particular, the ETC Securities (i) do not represent an interest in 
and will not be obligations of, or insured or guaranteed by, the Arranger, any Transaction Party or any 
Affiliate or any company associated with any of them, (ii) will not have the status of a bank deposit 
and will not be within the scope of any deposit protection scheme and (iii) are not insured or 
guaranteed by any government, government agency or other body. 
Certain Jersey Notices 
A copy of this Base Prospectus has been delivered to the Registrar of Companies in Jersey in 
accordance with Article 5 of the Companies (General Provisions) (Jersey) Order 2002, and he has 
given, and has not withdrawn, his consent to its circulation. The Jersey Financial Services 
Commission has given, and has not withdrawn, its consent under Article 4 of the Control of Borrowing 
(Jersey) Order 1958, as amended, to the issue of ETC Securities by the Issuer. The Jersey Financial 
Services Commission is protected by the Control of Borrowing (Jersey) Law, 1947, as amended, 
against liability arising from the discharge of its functions under that law. It must be distinctly 
understood that, in giving these consents, neither the Registrar of Companies nor the Jersey Financial 
Services Commission takes any responsibility for the financial soundness of the Issuer or for the 
correctness of any statements made, or opinions expressed, with regard to it.  
The investments described in this document do not constitute a collective investment fund 
for the purpose of the Collective Investment Funds (Jersey) Law 1988, as amended, on the 
basis that they are investment products designed for financially sophisticated investors with 
specialist knowledge of, and experience of investing in, such investments, who are capable of 
fully evaluating the risks involved in making such investments and who have an asset base 
sufficiently substantial as to enable them to sustain any loss that they might suffer as a result 
of making such investments. These investments are not regarded by the Jersey Financial 
Services Commission as suitable investments for any other type of investor.  
It is advisable that any individual intending to invest in any investment described in this 
document seek professional advice and ensure that he or she fully understands all the risks

--- Page 11 ---
11 
associated with making such an investment and has sufficient financial resources to sustain 
any loss that may arise from it.  
The ETC Securities are not units in an authorised collective investment scheme for the purposes of 
the Central Bank (Supervision and Enforcement) Act 2013 (Section 48(1)) (Undertakings for 
Collective Investment in Transferable Securities) Regulations 2015 or under the Central Bank’s 
Alternative Investment Fund Rulebook. 
No regulation of the Issuer by any regulatory authority 
The Issuer is not required to be licensed, registered or authorised under any current securities, 
commodities or banking laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation and will operate without supervision 
by any authority in any jurisdiction. There can be no assurance, however, that regulatory authorities 
in one or more other jurisdictions will not determine that the Issuer is required to be licensed, 
registered or authorised under the securities, commodities or banking laws of that jurisdiction or that 
legal or regulatory requirements with respect thereto will not change in the future. Any such 
requirement or change could have an adverse impact on the Issuer or the holders of ETC Securities. 
Collective investment scheme 
The ETC Securities are debt securities and do not take the form of a collective investment scheme or 
fund. There can be no assurance that the courts or regulatory authorities in any jurisdiction would not 
recharacterise the ETC Securities as units in a collective investment scheme or a fund. Any 
recharacterisation of the ETC Securities as units in a collective investment scheme or a fund may 
have adverse consequences (including, without limitation, adverse tax consequences) for an investor.  
In particular, the ETC Securities are exchange traded products, which do not qualify as shares or 
units of a collective investment scheme within the meaning of Swiss Collective Investment Schemes 
Act of 23 June 2006 (“CISA”), as amended, and are not licensed thereunder. They have not been 
approved by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority ("FINMA") and are not subject to its 
supervision. The ETC Securities are not issued or guaranteed by a supervised financial institution 
within the meaning of Article 70 para. 1 of the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA") and Article 96 
of the Financial Services Ordinance ("FinSO"). Any investment in the ETC Securities does not have 
the status of a bank deposit and is not within the scope of any deposit protection schemes. 
Switzerland 
ETC Securities may not be offered in Switzerland to retail investors, as defined in the FinSA, with 
whom there is no permanent portfolio management or investment advice relationship, unless the ETC 
Securities are issued, guaranteed or secured in an equivalent manner by a supervised institution 
within the meaning of Article 70 para. 1 FinSA and Article 96 FinSO. Any offering of ETC Securities 
to retail clients in Switzerland, with whom there is no permanent portfolio management or investment 
advice relationship, requires the registration of the prospectus in Switzerland and publication of Key 
Investor Documents ("KID") as prescribed in the FinSA. 
The provision of Financial Services in connection with the ETC Securities may only be provided in 
compliance with the rules of the Swiss Financial Services Act and, its implementing ordinance, the 
Swiss Financial Services Ordinance, as amended and, in particular, in accordance with the rules of 
conducts set out under Art. 8 ff. FinSA.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
Interpretation 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to 
“dollars”, “U.S. dollars”, “USD”, “$” and “U.S.$” are to the lawful currency of the United States of 
America, references to “sterling”, “pounds sterling”, “GBP” and “£” are to the lawful currency of the 
United Kingdom, references to “euro”, “EUR” and “€” are to the lawful currency of those Member 
States of the European Union that have adopted the single currency of the European Union, 
references to “CHF” are to the lawful currency of Switzerland and references to “JPY” and “¥” are to 
the lawful currency of Japan. All references in this Base Prospectus to any time shall be expressed 
using the 24-hour clock convention. 
Supplementary Prospectus 
The Issuer shall prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new base prospectus 
whenever required by the guidelines of any stock exchange on which ETC Securities are listed or, 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, if there is a significant new factor, material 
mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information included in this Base Prospectus which may 
affect the assessment of the ETC Securities. 
The Issuer has given an undertaking to the Lead Authorised Participant and the other Authorised 
Participants that if, at any time during the duration of the Programme, there is a significant new factor, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information contained in this Base Prospectus 
which is capable of affecting the assessment of any ETC Securities and whose inclusion in or removal 
from this Base Prospectus is necessary for the purpose of allowing an investor to make an informed 
assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the 
Issuer, and the rights attaching to the ETC Securities, the Issuer shall prepare an amendment or 
supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a replacement Base Prospectus for use in connection 
with any subsequent offering of the ETC Securities and shall supply to the Lead Authorised Participant 
and the Authorised Participants, the Trustee and the Agents such number of copies of such 
supplement hereto as they may reasonably request.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
This table sets out the contents of this Base Prospectus together with an outline description of the contents 
of each section. 
Section of Base Prospectus 
Pages 
What is covered by this Section?  
Important Notices 
3 
This section sets out important legal notices 
relating to the ETC Securities. 
Overview of the Programme 
15 
This section provides an overview of the key 
information contained within this Base Prospectus. 
Risk Factors 
23 
This section sets out the principal risks inherent in 
investing in ETC Securities, including key risks 
relating to investments linked to a commodity 
Index. 
Conflicts of Interest 
42 
This section sets out any potential conflicts of 
interest between the Transaction Parties relating to 
the ETC Securities. 
Information Incorporated by Reference 
45 
This section incorporates selected financial 
information regarding the Issuer from other publicly 
available documents, and incorporates certain 
sections from previous base prospectuses of the 
Issuer. 
Commonly Asked Questions 
46 
This section addresses a list of commonly asked 
questions about the ETC Securities.  
Description of the Commodity Indices 
65 
This section sets out general information about the 
features of commodity indices. 
Master Terms and Conditions of the 
ETC Securities 
70 
This section sets out the detailed contractual terms 
of the ETC Securities. Where the Master Terms 
and Conditions of the ETC Securities indicate that 
an option may be specified in the Final Terms, the 
Final Terms will indicate which of these options 
shall apply. 
Further Information Concerning Certain 
Transaction Documents  
172 
This section sets out descriptions of the main 
agreements entered into by the Issuer in respect of 
the ETC Securities.  
Reasons for the Offer and Use of 
Proceeds 
183 
This section describes what the Issuer does with 
the issue proceeds of the ETC Securities.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
Description of the Issuer 
184 
This section provides a description of the Issuer's 
activities as well as certain financial information in 
respect of the Issuer. 
Information 
Concerning 
the 
Lead 
Authorised Participant, the Custodian 
and the Programme Swap Counterparty 
189 
This section gives disclosure regarding certain 
important parties who have a role in relation to the 
Programme. 
Taxation 
190 
This 
section 
sets 
out 
certain 
taxation 
considerations relating to ETC Securities. 
Subscription and Sale 
218 
This section sets out certain restrictions as to who 
can 
purchase 
ETC 
Securities 
in 
certain 
jurisdictions. 
Form of Final Terms 
224 
This section sets out a template for the Final Terms 
to be used for each specific issuance of ETC 
Securities. 
General Information 
233 
This section provides additional information 
relating to ETC Securities. 
Glossary 
235 
This section contains a glossary of all defined 
terms used in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
Issuer’s principal activities including an overview of the parties to the programme 
DB ETC Index plc (the “Issuer”) is a special purpose vehicle whose sole business is the issue of asset 
backed securities. The Issuer has established this programme for the issue of ETC Securities whose return 
is linked to the performance of a specified commodity index. Each series of ETC Securities will be separate 
(or ‘ring-fenced’) from each other series of ETC Securities.  
A number of other parties have roles in connection with the Programme: 
Programme Swap Counterparty and Swap Counterparty: The Issuer will, in respect of each series of 
ETC Securities, gain exposure to a specified commodity index by entering into a swap agreement dated 
as of the series issue date of the ETC Securities entered into by the Issuer and Deutsche Bank AG as the 
swap counterparty (the “Swap Counterparty”) (the “Swap Agreement”). Deutsche Bank AG is the 
programme swap counterparty (the “Programme Swap Counterparty”) and the sole Swap Counterparty 
under the Secured ETC Index Linked Securities Programme of the Issuer (the “Programme”).  
Trustee: Deutsche Trustee Company Limited will act as trustee in respect of each series of ETC Securities 
(the “Trustee”). The Trustee acts as trustee for the holders of ETC Securities and also as security trustee 
(holding the benefit of the security granted by the Issuer over certain of its assets in respect of a series on 
trust for the securityholders and other transaction parties in respect of that series).  
Determination Agent: Apex Fund Services (Ireland) Limited acts as determination agent (the 
“Determination Agent”) in respect of each series of ETC Securities. Its duties include the calculation of 
the value of the ETC Securities, as well as performing certain administrative tasks for the Issuer with 
respect to the ETC Securities (such as facilitating buy-backs of ETC Securities and further issues, and 
performing an administrative role with respect to the provision of collateral by the Swap Counterparty). 
Paying Agents, Registrar and Custodian: Deutsche Bank AG is the issuing and paying agent (the 
“Issuing and Paying Agent”), being the entity making payments under the ETC Securities, and the 
custodian (the “Custodian”), being the entity holding property, securities or cash received by them in 
custody accounts. The registrar for ETC Securities in dematerialised uncertificated registered form is 
Computershare Investor Services (Jersey) Limited (the “Registrar”). 
The Issuer will hold any property so transferred to it with the Custodian on the terms of the relevant Custody 
Agreement. The Custodian is permitted to hold property delivered or received by it on trust for the Issuer 
in custody accounts with one or more sub-custodians provided they satisfy certain eligibility criteria. 
Authorised Participants: The Authorised Participants are the only entities allowed to buy and sell ETC 
Securities directly from and to the Issuer. Authorised Participants act also as market makers, i.e. they buy 
and sell ETC Securities from and to investors on an over-the-counter basis or via a stock exchange. 
However, not all market makers need to be Authorised Participants. The Lead Authorised Participant is 
Deutsche Bank AG (subject to any replacement) and, in such capacity, will be an Authorised Participant 
for each series. Additional Authorised Participants may also be appointed for a series of ETC Securities.  
Description of underlying assets 
With respect to each series of ETC Securities, the Issuer pays the entire proceeds from the issue of those 
ETC Securities to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement and, in return, the Swap 
Counterparty makes payments to the Issuer equal to the amounts the Issuer has to pay on the ETC 
Securities. The ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the ETC Securities depends on the receipt 
by it of payments (if any) payable under the Swap Agreement by the Swap Counterparty. In order to 
minimise the risk that the Swap Counterparty does not make the payments due from it under the Swap 
Agreement, it is required to provide the Issuer with collateral assets having a total value at least equal to

--- Page 16 ---
16 
the aggregate value per ETC Security of that series. This is provided for under a document known as a 
credit support deed relating to the Swap Agreement dated on or about the series issue date of the ETC 
Securities entered into by the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty (the “Credit Support Deed”). The Credit 
Support Deed provides the mechanism by which assets are transferred to the Issuer and security interests 
over such assets granted by the Swap Counterparty in favour of the Issuer in order to secure the obligations 
of the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer under the Swap Agreement. The collateral will be either physical 
gold or financial instruments meeting set quality criteria, although the Swap Counterparty may elect, upon 
giving not less than 90 calendar days’ prior notice, to substitute the gold collateral with financial instruments 
meeting set quality criteria or vice versa. The collateral delivered under the Credit Support Deed is known 
as posted collateral (the “Posted Collateral”).  
The main assets of the Issuer in respect of a series of ETC Securities are its rights and interests under the 
related Swap Agreement and Credit Support Deed.  
Description of the structure of the transaction 
Each ETC Security is issued by the Issuer to an Authorised Participant. The Issuer then pays the issue 
proceeds to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement. In return, the Swap Counterparty makes 
payments to the Issuer that reflect the performance of the relevant index and which equal the amounts the 
Issuer has to pay on the ETC Securities. 
In order to minimise the risk that the Swap Counterparty does not make the payments due from it under 
the Swap Agreement, it is required to provide the Issuer with collateral assets. This is provided for under 
the Credit Support Deed. If the Swap Counterparty did default on its payments, the collateral would be 
available to be sold in order to pay off amounts owing by the Swap Counterparty. The collateral will be 
either physical gold or financial instruments meeting set quality criteria, although the Swap Counterparty 
may elect, upon giving not less than 90 calendar days’ prior notice, to substitute the gold collateral with 
financial instruments meeting set quality criteria or vice versa. The collateral delivered under the Credit 
Support Deed is known as the Posted Collateral. 
The collateral will be held for the Issuer by the custodian, which is currently Deutsche Bank AG. Where 
the collateral is in the form of gold, it will be held by JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A., a sub-custodian. A 
structure diagram showing the principal aspects of the structure is set out below: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Issuer 
DB ETC Index plc 
 
Authorised Participant 
 
Deutsche Bank AG and/or 
any other APs 
 
Swap Counterparty 
 
Deutsche Bank AG or 
replacement 
Swap Collateral Sub-
Custodian***  
 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
Swap Collateral Custodian 
 
Deutsche Bank AG or 
replacement 
Investor 
 
Purchases ETC 
Securities on exchange 
or from a market 
counterparty 
Cash 
Index 
Return 
ETC 
Securities 
Cash 
Cash 
ETC 
Securities 
Delivery of Gold collateral* or eligible financial 
instruments** to secure obligations of Swap 
Counterparty under the Swap Agreement 
 
* can be exchanged for eligible financial 
instruments 
 
** can be exchanged for Gold 
 
Swap Agt

--- Page 17 ---
17 
Description of the flow of funds  
On the series issue date, the Issuer will issue the ETC Securities and receive the issue proceeds from the 
Authorised Participants. Under the Swap Agreement, the Issuer will then pay the entire proceeds from the 
issue of ETC Securities to the Swap Counterparty upon receipt. The Issuer will fund payments under the 
ETC Securities from payments it receives under the Swap Agreement. Its ability to meet payments under 
the ETC Securities is entirely dependent on its receipt of such payments from the Swap Counterparty.  
The Swap Counterparty’s obligations under the Swap Agreement are collateralised by a separate Credit 
Support Deed under which Posted Collateral will be transferred to the Issuer. If the Swap Agreement 
terminates and the Swap Counterparty does not pay in full the amount due, the Issuer may enforce such 
security and sell all or part of the Posted Collateral in order to use the proceeds to satisfy the obligation of 
the relevant Swap Counterparty to pay the Issuer the relevant termination amounts under the Swap 
Agreement. 
Type of securities  
Each series of ETC Securities will be in either bearer form (such ETC Securities being the “Bearer 
Securities”) or dematerialised uncertificated registered form only (such ETC Securities being the 
“Uncertificated Registered Securities”). Bearer Securities may not be exchanged for Uncertificated 
Registered Securities and vice versa. 
Bearer Securities will be represented on issue by a global security (the “Global Securities”) in either new 
global note or classic global note form. 
Uncertificated Registered Securities will be held in dematerialised uncertificated registered form in 
accordance with the uncertificated regulations and will be participating securities for the purposes thereof. 
Title to Uncertificated Registered Securities will be recorded on the register and will pass by registration in 
the register. 
Minimum Denomination 
The ETC Securities do not have a minimum denomination and are being treated by the Issuer for the purposes 
of Annex 15 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended, as having a minimum 
denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
Description of the rights attaching to the ETC Securities 
Payment of Final Redemption Amount 
Unless previously redeemed in whole or purchased and cancelled by the Issuer, the ETC Securities of 
each series will become due and payable on their scheduled maturity date at their final redemption amount. 
Interest 
No interest shall accrue and be payable on the ETC Securities, save that if any payment of any final 
redemption amount or early redemption amount is improperly withheld or refused, interest shall accrue 
(before as well as after judgment) on such amount from the due date for redemption to but excluding the 
date for payment at an applicable inter-bank overnight rate for the currency in which those ETC Securities 
are denominated. 
Status  
The ETC Securities are secured, limited recourse obligations of the Issuer and the ETC Securities of a 
series rank equally amongst themselves. 
Security

--- Page 18 ---
18 
The obligations of the Issuer under the ETC Securities of a series will be secured pursuant to an English 
law governed security deed by security interests over the rights of the Issuer under the agreements entered 
into by it in respect of that series, including security interests over the Swap Agreement, the Credit Support 
Deed and any collateral delivered by the Swap Counterparty hereunder. The assets and property that is 
the subject of such security interest are known as “Secured Property” for that series. 
The security over the Secured Property in respect of a series of ETC Securities will become enforceable if 
payment of the redemption amount in respect of such ETC Securities is not made when due on the 
scheduled maturity date or the relevant early redemption date (if applicable). 
Early Redemption Events / Events of Default 
The ETC Securities of a series may become due and payable prior to their scheduled maturity date in 
connection with the occurrence of any of the following events: 
• 
certain legal or regulatory changes occur in relation to the Issuer  
• 
the cancellation of the index without any successor index 
• 
the termination of the Swap Agreement, whether as a result of a default by one of the parties, for tax 
reasons, as a result of illegality or a force majeure event or for other reasons 
• 
the Determination Agent, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Programme Swap Counterparty, the 
Custodian, the Registrar (in the case of ETC Securities in registered form), the Lead Authorised 
Participant and/or all the Authorised Participants, as applicable, resign or their appointment is 
terminated for any reason and no successor is appointed within 60 calendar days  
• 
the value per ETC Security for such series is not published for 14 consecutive days on which it is 
scheduled to be published 
• 
the value per ETC Security is less than or equal to 10 per cent. of the issue price as at the series issue 
date of the first ETC Securities of a series for two consecutive non-disrupted business days 
• 
a holder of an ETC Security does not, upon request, receive a firm bid price from an Authorised 
Participant for five consecutive non-disrupted business days and, following the requisite notices being 
given, such Securityholder does not receive a firm bid price for the relevant ETC Securities during a 
further 20 consecutive non-disrupted business days  
• 
an event of default occurs under the ETC Securities. These include certain breaches by the Issuer of 
its obligations that are not cured within the applicable cure period and certain insolvency events with 
respect to the Issuer. 
Issuer Call Option and Swap Counterparty Termination 
Under a series of ETC Securities, the Issuer has the option, exercisable upon 60 calendar days’ notice, to 
elect to redeem all the ETC Securities of a series early.  
Under the Swap Agreement with respect to a series, the Swap Counterparty has the right, exercisable 
upon 60 calendar days’ notice, to elect to terminate the Swap Agreement. In that case, the ETC Securities 
will also redeem early.  
In addition, owing to restrictions on the length of time for which the Swap Counterparty may be permitted 
(in accordance with its internal rules) to enter into swap transactions, it may be that the scheduled 
termination date of the Swap Agreement is earlier than the scheduled maturity date of the ETC Securities. 
The Issuer will seek to extend the term of such Swap Agreement, but there can be no assurance that this 
will be achievable. Should it not be possible to extend the terms of the Swap Agreement, the relevant 
series of ETC Securities will redeem early.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
Limited Recourse 
The rights of securityholders are limited in recourse to the relevant Secured Property. Any proceeds of the 
Secured Property will be applied in a pre-defined order. As a result of such provisions, the securityholders 
may not receive in full the final redemption amount or early redemption amount payable in respect of an 
ETC Security. 
Withholding Tax 
All payments in respect of the ETC Securities shall be made net of and after allowance for any withholding 
or deduction for, or on account of, any taxes. In the event that any withholding or deduction for, or on 
account of, any taxes applies to payments in respect of the ETC Securities, the holders of ETC Securities 
will be subject to such tax or deduction and shall not be entitled to receive amounts to compensate for any 
such tax or deduction. No event of default will occur as a result of any such withholding or deduction. 
Governing Law 
ETC Securities in bearer form will be governed by English law. ETC Securities in uncertificated registered 
form will be governed by Jersey law. The security deed dated on or about the series issue date of the ETC 
Securities (whether in bearer or uncertificated registered form) entered into as a deed by the Issuer, the 
Trustee and any other parties thereto (the “Security Deed”) will be governed by English law. 
Interest and yield 
No interest shall accrue and be payable on the ETC Securities. As such, there is no nominal rate of interest 
nor expected yield. The representative of the securityholders is the Trustee.   
Effect of value of underlying instrument(s) on value of ETC Securities 
The final redemption amount and any early redemption amount of an ETC Security depend on the value 
per ETC Security.  
Value per ETC Security 
The value per ETC Security is an amount in the currency of the relevant series of ETC Securities, 
calculated on a daily basis for each scheduled valuation day (subject to any market disruptions) and that 
represents the theoretical value of an ETC Security.  
The value per ETC Security depends primarily on the performance of the commodity index to which the 
ETC Securities are linked. If the value of the commodity index rises, the value per ETC Security should 
also rise. If the value of the commodity index falls, the value per ETC Security should also fall. However, 
the value per ETC Security is also reduced by the deduction of a fee. Depending on the performance of 
the commodity index, the deduction of the fee may erode any gains made from rises in the value of the 
commodity index. 
Fees 
There are potentially three fees that apply to a series of ETC Securities. These are:  
• 
a product fee; 
• 
a collateral fee which reflects the cost to the Swap Counterparty of providing collateral under the 
Swap Agreement; and 
• 
a swap replication fee or index fee embedded in the terms of the commodity index. 
The level of these fees may vary from time to time.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
The product fee percentage, being specified in the Final Terms (the “Maximum Product Fee 
Percentage”), or such lower amount as may be determined by the Programme Swap Counterparty from 
time to time (the “Product Fee Percentage”), will be specified on the website maintained on behalf of the 
Issuer at www.etc.dws.com (or its successor). A lower fee than the Maximum Product Fee Percentage 
may be charged at the discretion of the Programme Swap Counterparty. 
The collateral fee represents the costs to the Swap Counterparty of providing collateral under the Swap 
Agreement. For gold collateral, the Collateral Fee Percentage is based on the prevailing rate at which gold 
can be lent between market participants plus a spread specified in the Final Terms (the “Maximum Gold 
Spread”), or such lower amount as may be determined by the Programme Swap Counterparty and notified 
to the Issuer, the transaction parties and the securityholders from time to time (the “Gold Spread”) and 
specified on the website maintained on behalf of the Issuer at www.etc.dws.com (or its successor), but will 
be subject to a minimum of 0.10% per annum. For collateral in the form of eligible financial instruments, 
the collateral fee will be the maximum collateral fee percentage or a lower fee at the discretion of the 
Programme Swap Counterparty. The current collateral fee percentage and any proposed change to the 
percentage shall be published on www.etc.dws.com (or its successor).  
ETC Securities tracking a benchmark index may also have a swap replication fee. The swap replication 
fee will be the maximum swap replication fee percentage or a lower fee at the discretion of the Programme 
Swap Counterparty. The swap replication fee and any proposed change to the percentage shall be 
published on www.etc.dws.com (or its successor).  
For ETC Securities tracking indices with roll-optimisation and/or using a currency hedge overlay, an index 
fee may be charged instead of the swap replication fee. The index fee and any proposed change shall be 
published on www.etc.dws.com (or its successor). 
Performance of the index 
As described above, if the commodity index increases in value by more than the fees charged then this 
will result in the value per ETC Security increasing. If the commodity index decreases in value (or increases 
in value by less than the fees charged) this will result in the value per ETC Security decreasing.  
The index to which a series of ETC Securities relates may be designed to provide long or short exposure 
to a single commodity or commodity futures contract or to a basket of commodities or commodity futures 
contracts and may employ leverage. 
An index:  
• 
may, in respect of each commodity, reference the spot price of the commodity or the price of one or 
more commodity futures contracts 
• 
may provide long or short exposure  
• 
may employ leverage or be unleveraged  
• 
may be denominated in the currency in which the relevant commodity or commodity futures contract 
is typically traded or may be in a different currency, and in the latter case may or may not include 
some element of foreign exchange hedging (that is, an attempt to reduce the uncertainty caused by 
foreign exchange rate changes) 
• 
may be calculated on an “excess return” or a “total return” basis (with “excess return” generally 
reflecting the gain or loss on the commodity futures contract over the time in question, including as a 
result of any roll of a commodity futures contract, and with “total return” reflecting both the excess 
return and a reference rate of return such as the relevant three-month USD Treasury bill rate)

--- Page 21 ---
21 
• 
may employ a pre-determined strategy to allocate between different commodities or commodity 
futures contracts over time in an attempt to maximise the returns on the index in certain scenarios. 
If the index provides a long exposure and the price of the commodities or commodity futures contracts 
referenced by the index goes up, the value of the index will go up and vice versa, assuming all other factors 
remain constant. 
If the index provides a short exposure and the price of the commodities or commodity futures contracts 
referenced by the index goes up, the value of the index will fall and vice versa, assuming all other factors 
remain constant. 
If the index provides a leveraged exposure, the effect of any negative or positive changes in the price of 
the commodities or commodity futures contracts referenced by the index on the value of such index and, 
consequently, the value per ETC Security will be magnified. 
Expiration / maturity date of ETC Securities 
The Issuer has the discretion to set the scheduled maturity date of a series of ETC Securities prior to the 
issue of that series of ETC Securities. 
Description of return on ETC Securities 
The ETC Securities are index-linked.  
On the scheduled maturity date, each ETC Security will become due and payable at the value per ETC 
Security in respect of the final redemption valuation date (subject to a minimum amount). The value per 
ETC Security on the series issue date is equal to the issue price per ETC Security. After that, it will increase 
or decrease in line with any changes to the level of the relevant index, subject to (i) deductions of the 
accrued fee and (ii) permitted adjustments under the Swap Agreement and the terms and conditions of the 
ETC Securities as supplemented or varied accordingly (the “Conditions”). 
On any early redemption of a series of ETC Securities, such ETC Securities will become due and payable 
on the relevant early redemption date at the value per ETC Security in respect of the early redemption 
valuation date (subject to a minimum amount). 
The value per ETC Security in respect of the final redemption valuation date and early redemption valuation 
date will be calculated in the same manner as on each scheduled valuation day but, for purposes of 
determining the performance of the underlying commodity index level for the final month, will use an 
average of the underlying commodity index level across five scheduled valuation days at the end of the 
final month. This use of an average reduces the effect of any sharp increases or decreases in the 
commodity index level in that final period. 
Description of exercise price or final reference price of the underlying 
The final redemption amount and any early redemption amount will depend on the value per ETC Security 
in respect of the final redemption valuation date and the early redemption valuation date. 
Description of the type of underlying asset and where information on underlying asset 
can be found 
The underlying index to which a series of ETC Securities is referenced will be a commodity index, and may 
be designed to provide long or short exposure to a single commodity or commodity futures contract and 
may employ leverage. Prior to the issue of a series of ETC Securities, the Issuer will select the specific 
underlying index to which those ETC Securities will be referenced. The complete set of rules of the 
underlying index and information on the performance of the index are freely accessible on the Issuer’s

--- Page 22 ---
22 
website at www.etc.dws.com (or such other website as may be notified to securityholders from time to 
time) or on the index provider’s website. 
Terms and Conditions of the Offer 
The issue price per ETC Security on the Series Issue Date will be the issue price specified below. The 
issue price per ETC Security for any subsequent Tranche of ETC Securities issued after the Series Issue 
Date will be equal to the value per ETC Security in respect of the relevant Subscription Trade Date relating 
to such Tranche.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
RISK FACTORS  
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the ETC 
Securities issued under the Programme. Factors which the Issuer believes may be material for the purpose 
of assessing the market risks associated with ETC Securities issued under the Programme are also 
described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in 
ETC Securities issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay any amounts on or in 
connection with any ETC Securities may occur for other reasons and the Issuer does not represent that 
the statements below regarding the risks of holding any ETC Securities are exhaustive. Before making an 
investment decision, prospective purchasers of ETC Securities should consider carefully, in the light of 
their own financial circumstances and investment objectives, all the detailed information set out elsewhere 
in this document (including any documents incorporated by reference herein) and, in particular, the 
considerations set forth below and in the relevant Final Terms in order to reach their own views prior to 
making any investment decision. 
Prospective investors should note that the risks relating to the ETC Securities summarised in the section 
of the relevant Final Terms headed “Summary” are risks that the Issuer believes to be the most essential 
to an assessment by a prospective investor of whether to consider an investment in the ETC Securities. 
However, as the risks which the Issuer faces relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or 
may not occur in the future, prospective investors should consider not only the information on the key risks 
summarised in the section of the relevant Final Terms headed “Summary of the” but also, among other 
things, the risks and uncertainties described below. 
All capitalised terms used in this section “Risk Factors” shall have the meanings given to them in other 
sections of this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise defined in this section “Risk Factors” of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Risks relating to the liquidity and trading of the ETC Securities 
Market price of the ETC Securities 
General movements in local and international markets and factors that affect the investment climate and 
investor sentiment could all affect the level of trading and, therefore, the market price of the ETC Securities. 
Investors should note that general movements in markets and factors that affect the investor climate and 
investor sentiment may have different effects on each Series of ETC Securities. 
The market price of the ETC Securities will be affected by a number of factors, including, but not limited 
to: 
(i) 
the value and volatility of the commodity Index referenced by the ETC Securities; 
(ii) 
the value and volatility of commodities and commodities futures contracts; 
(iii) 
market perception, interest rates, yields and foreign exchange rates; 
(iv) 
the nature and value of the Swap Agreement, the Credit Support Deed and any other Credit Support 
Document relating to the relevant Series of ETC Securities; 
(v) 
the creditworthiness of the Swap Counterparty and any Credit Support Provider relating to a Series 
of ETC Securities; 
(vi) 
the nature and value of the Posted Collateral under the relevant Credit Support Deed relating to the 
relevant Series of ETC Securities;

--- Page 24 ---
24 
(vii) 
the creditworthiness of the Custodian, any applicable Sub-Custodian and the Authorised 
Participants; and 
(viii) 
liquidity in the ETC Securities. 
Prospective investors should be aware that the Value per ETC Security and the secondary market price of 
the ETC Securities can go down as well as up throughout the term of the ETC Securities. Commodity and 
commodity futures contracts prices are generally more volatile than prices in other asset classes and the 
secondary market price of the ETC Securities may demonstrate similar volatility. Prospective investors 
should be aware that the Value per ETC Security and market price of the ETC Securities on any Scheduled 
Valuation Day may not reflect their prior or future performance. There can be no assurance as to the future 
value and market price of the ETC Securities. 
The secondary market and limited liquidity 
The ETC Securities do not accrue and pay interest (other than default interest which may be payable in 
limited circumstances). Investors will not receive any payments under the Conditions in respect of the ETC 
Securities prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date unless the ETC Securities redeem early. The ETC 
Securities may have a long term and the only means through which an investor can realise value from an 
ETC Security prior to its Scheduled Maturity Date is to sell to an Authorised Offeror or to other investors 
on the secondary market. 
The ETC Securities will always have at least one market maker and therefore there should always be a 
market for the ETC Securities. However, the market price at which the ETC Securities trade on any stock 
exchange on which the ETC Securities are listed may not reflect accurately the price of the underlying 
commodity index. The market price of the ETC Securities will be a function of the supply and demand 
amongst investors wishing to buy and sell the ETC Securities and the bid/offer spread that market-makers 
(including Authorised Offerors) are willing to quote for the ETC Securities on any relevant stock exchange 
or market. If there is a high level of demand for a relevant Series of ETC Securities then, other things 
remaining equal, those ETC Securities are likely to trade at a premium. Authorised Participants have the 
right to request that the Issuer issues further ETC Securities of a Series. If the Authorised Participants 
exercise such right, this will increase supply and would reduce any such premium. Similarly, where the 
ETC Securities are trading at a discount, the Authorised Participants may purchase the ETC Securities on 
the secondary market and request that the Issuer buys back such ETC Securities, thus reducing the supply 
and potentially reducing such discount.  
While each Authorised Participant appointed in respect of the Programme and/or a Series of ETC 
Securities intends to make a market for the relevant Series of ETC Securities in respect of which it is 
appointed as an Authorised Participant, no Authorised Participant is obliged to make a market for any 
Series of ETC Securities (including Series in respect of which it is appointed as an Authorised Participant) 
and Authorised Participants may discontinue making a market at any time and/or may make a market on 
a different platform or offer only one way markets. Furthermore, any market in the ETC Securities may not 
be liquid. For the avoidance of doubt, whilst Authorised Participants may (but are not obliged to) act as 
market makers, not all market makers are required to be Authorised Participants. 
The price at which an investor may be able to sell ETC Securities at any time prior to their Scheduled 
Maturity Date may be substantially less than the price paid by the investor. This may occur (amongst other 
reasons) as a result of there being limited liquidity for the ETC Securities, the Value per ETC Security being 
less than the Value per ETC Security of the ETC Securities at the time the investor purchased the ETC 
Securities or the Index not having performed sufficiently to increase or maintain the Value per ETC Security 
of the ETC Securities by such amount as is necessary to negate the Accrued Fee since the time the 
investor purchased the ETC Securities. The Value per ETC Security and/or market price of the ETC 
Securities may be volatile and may fall rapidly and investors may not be able to sell their ETC Securities 
quickly and/or at a price such that the investor is able to prevent or minimise any loss of their investment.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
Prospective investors should be aware that ETC Securities requested for issue and subscribed for by an 
Authorised Participant may be held on an inventory basis by such Authorised Participant and offered for 
sale and/or sold over a period of time. Investors should not assume that ETC Securities will automatically 
be placed with investors by the relevant Authorised Participant(s) immediately upon issue. To the extent 
that the Authorised Participants hold ETC Securities at any time, they may exercise their rights under them 
in such manner as they see fit in their own interests and need not have regard to the interests of other 
holders of ETC Securities or any other person. In particular, the Authorised Participants may vote at any 
meeting of holders of ETC Securities or approve any resolution as they see fit (including with respect to 
any changes to the terms of the ETC Securities proposed by the Issuer). 
Risks relating to the Issuer  
The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle 
The Issuer is not an operating company. The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle with the sole business of 
issuing ETC Securities. As such, the Issuer has, and will have, no assets other than (i) the small sums of 
money raised by issuing shares on the date of its incorporation, (ii) such fees (if any) as are payable to it 
in connection with the issue of any Series of ETC Securities from time to time, (iii) any amounts standing 
to the credit of the Reserve Trust Account and (iv) any rights, property or other assets on which Series of 
ETC Securities issued under the Programme are secured. This means that if the assets on which a Series 
of ETC Securities are secured are not sufficient to meet sums payable by the Issuer in respect of that 
Series, there are no other assets that are available to the Issuer to make those payments. In such 
circumstances, the holders of ETC Securities would not receive the amounts owing to them in full. 
Limited recourse obligations, non-petition and related risks 
In respect of a Series of ETC Securities, the Transaction Parties and the Securityholders will have recourse 
only to the Secured Property in respect of the relevant Series of ETC Securities, subject always to the 
Security, and not to any other assets of the Issuer. If, following realisation in full of the Secured Property 
relating to the relevant Series of ETC Securities (whether by way of liquidation or enforcement) and 
application of available cash sums as provided in Condition 6, any outstanding claim against the Issuer in 
respect of such Series of ETC Securities remains unpaid, then such outstanding claim will be extinguished 
and no debt will be owed by the Issuer in respect thereof. Following such extinguishment, none of the 
Transaction Parties, the Securityholders or any other person acting on behalf of any of them will be entitled 
to take any further steps against the Issuer or any of its officers, shareholders, corporate service providers 
or directors to recover any further sum in respect of the extinguished claim and no debt will be owed to any 
such persons by the Issuer in respect of such further sum. 
None of the Transaction Parties, the Securityholders or any person acting on behalf of any of them may, 
at any time, bring, institute or join with any other person in bringing, instituting or joining insolvency, 
administration, bankruptcy, winding-up, examinership or any other similar proceedings (whether court-
based or otherwise) in relation to the Issuer or any of its assets, and none of them will have any claim 
arising with respect to the assets and/or property attributable to any other securities issued by the Issuer 
(save for any further securities which form a single series with the ETC Securities).  
Assets held in relation to any particular Series of ETC Securities are not available to satisfy the claims of 
holders of a different Series of ETC Securities. For the avoidance of doubt, any amounts standing to the 
credit of the Reserve Trust Account are provided to the Issuer by the Arranger to be applied towards the 
costs, charges, fees or expenses incurred or to be incurred by the Issuer (including, without limitation, 
operating costs and expenses of the Issuer and the fees of the directors and corporate administrator and 
legal, accounting, audit, advisory or management fees and expenses) following the occurrence of an 
Arranger Bankruptcy Event. Such sums are held on trust for the Arranger and are not available to the 
Securityholders, Secured Creditors or Other Creditors of any Series of ETC Securities or to any general 
creditors of the Issuer.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
There is also the risk that the Issuer may become subject to claims or other liabilities (whether in respect 
of the ETC Securities or otherwise) which are not themselves subject to limited recourse or non-petition 
limitations. 
No person other than the Issuer will be obliged to make payments on the ETC Securities of any Series. 
Insolvency 
The Issuer has agreed not to engage in activities other than the issue of ETC Securities and related and 
incidental matters. Any issue of ETC Securities must be on terms that provide for the claims of the 
Securityholders and Transaction Parties in respect of such ETC Securities to be limited to the proceeds of 
the assets on which such ETC Securities are secured (see “Limited recourse obligations, non-petition and 
related risks” above). In addition, there are restrictions on the Securityholders and Transaction Parties 
bringing insolvency proceedings against the Issuer (see “Limited recourse obligations, non-petition and 
related risks” above). If such provisions are upheld, it would be unlikely that the Issuer could become 
insolvent. 
However, notwithstanding the restrictions described in Condition 7 and the limited recourse and non-
petition provisions, should the Issuer have outstanding liabilities to third parties which it is unable to 
discharge or should the limited recourse or non-petition provisions be found to be non-enforceable in a 
particular jurisdiction and as a result the Issuer becomes or is declared insolvent according to the law of 
any country having jurisdiction over it or any of its assets, the insolvency laws of that country may determine 
the validity of the claims of Securityholders and may prevent Securityholders from enforcing their rights or 
delay such enforcement. In particular, depending on the jurisdiction concerned and the nature of the assets 
and security, the Security created in favour of the Trustee may be set aside or ranked behind certain other 
creditors and the assets subject to such security may be transferred to another person free of such 
Security. 
In addition, certain jurisdictions have procedures designed to facilitate the survival of companies in financial 
difficulties. In such jurisdictions the rights of the Trustee to enforce the Security or of the Issuer (or the 
Liquidation Agent on its behalf) to enforce the security under the Credit Support Deed or to enforce the 
Issuer’s rights under any other Credit Support Document may be limited or delayed by such procedures. 
Risks relating to the contractual features of the ETC Securities  
Potential loss of investment 
The ETC Securities are not principal protected. Their Final Redemption Amount and Early Redemption 
Amount depend on the Value per ETC Security, which in turn depends on the performance of the 
underlying commodity Index. 
Regulatory Events 
The global financial crisis of 2008 onwards led to an increased regulation of financial activities. The United 
States of America, the European Union, the UK and other jurisdictions have implemented, and are still in 
the process of implementing, various reform measures. Such regulatory changes and the method of their 
implementation may have a significant effect on the operation of financial markets. In many cases, it is 
uncertain how such regulatory reform would affect the Issuer, the treatment of instruments such as the 
ETC Securities or the activities of other parties that have roles with respect to the ETC Securities, such as 
(without limitation) the Programme Counterparty, the Arranger and the Trustee. Investors should note that 
the Issuer has a general right to redeem the ETC Securities (see “Risks Relating to the Contractual 
Features of the ETC Securities” – “Issuer Call Option”) and the Programme Counterparty has a general 
right to terminate the Balancing Agreement relating to a Series of ETC Securities (see “Risks Relating to 
the Contractual Features of the ETC Securities” – “Programme Counterparty termination option”) which

--- Page 27 ---
27 
would lead to an early redemption of the relevant ETC Securities. The impact (or likely or proposed impact) 
of regulatory reform may lead the Issuer or the Programme Counterparty to exercise such right.  
There can be no assurance that such an event will not occur and investors should be aware that, should 
such an event occur, it may lead to an early redemption of the ETC Securities. Accordingly, there is a risk 
that Securityholders may receive a lower return on their investment than they would have done had such 
early redemption not occurred. 
Delay or non-publication of Value per ETC Security 
A Value per ETC Security in respect of a Scheduled Valuation Day may not be published or the publication 
thereof may be delayed if a Disruption Event or an Adjustment Event occurs. In certain circumstances 
where the Value per ETC Security in respect of a Scheduled Valuation Day might otherwise not be 
calculated, the Value per ETC Security will be deemed to be equal to the Value per ETC Security 
determined in respect of a preceding Scheduled Valuation Day in respect of which a Value per ETC 
Security was determined and published for the purposes of the ETC Securities. Any such delay or non-
publication may affect the amounts payable in respect of the ETC Securities on a final or early redemption, 
and may affect the secondary market price for an ETC Security or the availability of purchasers in the 
secondary market.  
Change in Fee Levels 
The Programme Swap Counterparty has certain discretions to adjust the levels of the Collateral Fee 
Percentage, the Product Fee Percentage and the Swap Replication Fee Percentage (if any). This may 
potentially result in higher fees being applied which would reduce the return for holders of ETC Securities. 
Issuer call option 
The Issuer may at any time elect to redeem all the ETC Securities of a Series and designate an Early 
Redemption Valuation Date for such purposes, provided that the date designated as the Early Redemption 
Valuation Date may not be earlier than the 60th calendar day following the date of the relevant notice from 
the Issuer. In such circumstances the ETC Securities of such Series will be redeemed at their Early 
Redemption Amount per ETC Security on the relevant Early Redemption Date. There can be no assurance 
that the Value per ETC Security determined in respect of the related Early Redemption Valuation Date 
following any such exercise will be such that the Early Redemption Amount is greater than or equal to the 
amount invested by an investor in the ETC Securities. 
Swap Counterparty termination option 
The Swap Counterparty relating to a Series of ETC Securities may, on giving not less than 60 calendar 
days’ irrevocable notice to the Issuer, elect to terminate the Swap Transaction relating to such Series of 
ETC Securities. Such notice may only be delivered if no Swap Counterparty Event of Default (or event 
which, with the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both, would constitute a Swap Counterparty Event 
of Default) or Swap Counterparty Termination Event has occurred and is continuing under the Swap 
Agreement. In connection with such election, upon the termination of the Swap Transaction an Early 
Redemption Event will occur and the ETC Securities of that Series will become due and payable at their 
Early Redemption Amount per ETC Security on the relevant Early Redemption Date. The Swap 
Counterparty shall not and is not required to consider the interests of Securityholders when exercising any 
such termination right. There can be no assurance that the Value per ETC Security on the related Early 
Redemption Valuation Date arising in connection with the exercise of such termination right will be such 
that the Early Redemption Amount is greater than or equal to the amount invested by an investor in the 
ETC Securities.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
Scheduled term of Swap Transaction is less than the term of the ETC Securities 
The Swap Transaction relating to the ETC Securities may have a scheduled term that is less than the term 
of the ETC Securities. No later than 90 calendar days prior to the last day of the initial term or previously 
extended term of the Swap Transaction, as applicable, the Swap Counterparty will, pursuant to the terms 
of the Swap Agreement, elect either to extend the term of the Swap Transaction for such additional period 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty (provided that such additional period is 
not less than one calendar year and not more than the period remaining to the Scheduled Maturity Date of 
the relevant ETC Securities) or for the Swap Transaction to terminate when scheduled. The Swap 
Counterparty has no obligation to consider the interests of the Securityholders when deciding whether or 
not to extend the term of the Swap Transaction. If the Swap Counterparty does not elect to extend the term 
of the Swap Transaction, an Early Redemption Event will occur on the scheduled termination date of the 
Swap Transaction and the ETC Securities of that Series will become due and payable at their Early 
Redemption Amount per ETC Security on the relevant Early Redemption Date. The Swap Counterparty 
shall not and is not required to consider the interests of Securityholders when making any such election. 
There can be no assurance that the Value per ETC Security determined in respect of the related Early 
Redemption Valuation Date arising in connection with any such election for the Swap Transaction to 
terminate will be such that the Early Redemption Amount is greater than or equal to the amount invested 
by an investor in the ETC Securities. 
Events of Default and other Early Redemption Events 
In addition, the ETC Securities of a Series may become due and payable prior to their Scheduled Maturity 
Date as further described in connection with the occurrence of any of the following events set out in 
Conditions 8 and 14 and as summarised in the section headed “Overview of the Programme” in the 
paragraph therein headed “Events of Default and Early Redemption Events”: 
Following the occurrence of an Early Redemption Event or an Event of Default under the Conditions of the 
relevant Series of ETC Securities, such Series of ETC Securities will become due and payable at the Early 
Redemption Amount per ETC Security. This may be less than an investor’s investment, and potentially 
substantially less.  
Under the Swap Agreement, the Issuer pays the entire proceeds from the issue of any ETC Securities to 
the Swap Counterparty upon receipt. The Issuer will fund payment of any Early Redemption Amount per 
ETC Security under a Series of ETC Securities from a payment due to it under the relevant Swap 
Agreement. Its ability to make the payments due under the Conditions relating to the ETC Securities on 
their early redemption is entirely dependent on its receipt of the relevant payment under the relevant Swap 
Agreement. Accordingly, the Issuer and the Securityholders of a Series are exposed to the 
creditworthiness of the relevant Swap Counterparty to the extent of the entire Early Redemption Amount. 
If the Swap Counterparty does not pay in full to the Issuer the amount payable due in connection with the 
early redemption of the ETC Securities under the relevant Swap Agreement when due the Issuer may 
(subject to the terms of the Credit Support Deed) enforce the security under the Credit Support Deed 
and/or (subject to the terms of any applicable guarantee) enforce any applicable guarantee of any Credit 
Support Provider provided in respect of the relevant Swap Counterparty’s obligations and/or the Security 
under the ETC Securities may become enforceable. However, if, following the realisation in full of the 
Secured Property relating to the relevant Series of ETC Securities (whether by way of liquidation or 
enforcement) and application of available cash sums as provided in Condition 6, there are any outstanding 
claims against the Issuer in respect of such Series of ETC Securities which remain unpaid, then such 
outstanding claim will be extinguished and no debt will be owed by the Issuer in respect thereof. In such 
circumstances investors in the ETC Securities may not receive back their investment and may receive 
zero.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
Taxation and no gross-up 
Each Securityholder will assume and be solely responsible for any and all Taxes of any jurisdiction or 
governmental or regulatory authority, including, without limitation, any state or local Taxes or other like 
assessment or charges that may be applicable to any payment to it in respect of the ETC Securities. In the 
event that any withholding or deduction for or on account of Tax is imposed on payments on the ETC 
Securities, the Securityholders will be subject to such tax or deduction and will not be entitled to receive 
amounts to compensate for such withholding or deduction. No Event of Default will occur as a result of any 
such withholding or deduction. 
Transfers of Posted Collateral and payments made to the Issuer under the Swap Agreement in relation to 
a Series of ETC Securities and/or in connection with the transfer or disposal of Eligible Collateral or Posted 
Collateral under the Credit Support Deed relating to a Swap Agreement and a Series of ETC Securities 
may be subject to charges, withholding or deduction for, or on account of, Taxes (including without 
limitation, on the realisation, transfer or other disposal of any Posted Collateral in connection with the 
enforcement of the security created in favour of the Issuer under the Credit Support Deed). In such 
circumstances the sums available to the Issuer (and/or the Trustee) to pay the Final Redemption Amount 
or the Early Redemption Amount may not be sufficient to satisfy in full the claims of the Securityholders 
and all creditors whose claims rank in priority to those of the Securityholders. 
The Issuer may become liable for Tax charges whether by direct assessment or withholding. If any such 
event occurs as a result of a change in law or regulation that materially increases the cost to the Issuer of 
performing its obligations under the ETC Securities and/or the Swap Agreement and/or the Credit Support 
Deed or makes it illegal for the Issuer to do the same or to hold, acquire or dispose all of the types of 
Eligible Collateral, the ETC Securities may become subject to early redemption. Accordingly, there is a risk 
that Securityholders may receive a lower return on their investment than they would have done had such 
early redemption not occurred. 
Meetings of Securityholders, resolutions, modification, waivers and substitution 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for calling meetings of Securityholders to consider matters affecting 
their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Securityholders including 
Securityholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or in respect of the relevant resolution 
and Securityholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. As a result, you may be bound by a 
change to the Conditions or by some other decision that affects your investment in the ETC Securities 
even though you have not agreed to such change. 
In addition, to the extent that the consent of the Trustee is required under the Conditions or the Trust Deed, 
the Trustee may, in certain circumstances and without the consent of Securityholders, (i) agree to certain 
modifications of, or the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, the Conditions or any 
of the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Security Deed, the Swap Agreement and/or the Credit Support 
Deed and/or any other Transaction Document to which the Trustee is a party, (ii) determine that any Event 
of Default or Potential Event of Default will not be treated as such or (iii) agree to the substitution of another 
company as principal obligor under any ETC Securities in place of the Issuer provided that such waiver or 
substitution is not, in the opinion of the Trustee, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Securityholders. 
To the extent that the consent of the Trustee is required under the Conditions or the relevant Trust Deed, 
the Trustee may also agree, without the consent of the Securityholders, to any modification to the 
Conditions, the Trust Deed, the Security Deed, the Swap Agreement and/or the Credit Support Deed which 
is, in the opinion of the Trustee, of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest 
error. Any such action by the Trustee as is described in this paragraph may result in your being bound by 
a change to the Conditions or by some other decision that affects your investment in the ETC Securities 
even though you have not agreed to such change.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
Prospective investors should note that in certain circumstances the Issuer and the relevant Transaction 
Party may take certain actions and certain amendments may be made to the terms of the ETC Securities 
and/or the relevant Transaction Documents without the requirement for the approval of Securityholders by 
way of an Extraordinary Resolution of Securityholders or the consent of the Trustee. Again, this may result 
in your being bound by a change to the Conditions or by some other decision that affects your investment 
in the ETC Securities even though you have not agreed to such change. 
These include (without limitation): 
(i) 
the transfer of Posted Collateral to the Swap Counterparty under the Credit Support Deed and the 
related release of Security provided such transfer and release is effected in accordance with the 
terms of the Credit Support Deed;  
(ii) 
the substitution of the Posted Collateral pursuant to Condition 11(d) and amendments and/or 
supplements to the Custody Agreement in connection therewith; 
(iii) 
changes to the components of the Accrued Fee at any time; 
(iv) 
adjustment(s) to the Conditions of the ETC Securities pursuant to Condition 9(e); 
(v) 
the appointment of an additional or replacement Transaction Party provided such appointment or 
replacement is effected in accordance with the Conditions and the applicable Transaction 
Document(s); 
(vi) 
the substitution of the relevant Index with a Successor Index pursuant to Condition 10; 
(vii) 
the transfer, novation or assignment of the relevant Swap Agreement and/or the relevant Credit 
Support Deed pursuant to Condition 11(b),  
(viii) 
the increase of the Programme Maximum Number of ETC Securities; 
(ix) 
the amendment of Annex 2 to the Conditions; and 
(x) 
the amendment(s) to any term of the Conditions or any Transaction Document which relate to an 
operational or procedural issue. 
Securityholder directions 
The Conditions of the ETC Securities permit the holders of one-fifth or more of the outstanding number of 
ETC Securities of a Series (determined on an outstanding (actual) basis) following the occurrence of an 
Event of Default, a Publication Failure Event, a Swap Counterparty Event of Default and at any time after 
the Security has become enforceable to direct the Trustee to deliver a notice or take such other action in 
accordance with the Conditions, whereupon that Series of ETC Securities will become due and payable at 
their Early Redemption Amount on the relevant Early Redemption Date and/or the Security will be enforced 
by the Trustee, as applicable. Prospective investors should be aware, however, that the Trustee will not 
however be obliged to take any step or action or to act in accordance with any such direction unless the 
Trustee has been pre-funded and/or secured and/or indemnified to its satisfaction by one or more 
Securityholders. This may result in a delay in any step or action being taken by the Trustee and, if the 
Securityholders cannot put adequate arrangements in place, in no step or action being taken by the 
Trustee. 
Exchange rates and exchange controls 
The Issuer will make payments in respect of the relevant Series of ETC Securities in the Specified 
Currency. This will create currency conversion risks if an investor’s financial activities are denominated 
principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. 
These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation 
of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with

--- Page 31 ---
31 
jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the 
value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor’s 
Currency-equivalent return on the ETC Securities, (ii) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the 
amount(s) payable on the ETC Securities and (iii) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of the 
ETC Securities. 
Risks relating to the Swap Counterparty, the Credit Support Provider and the Posted 
Collateral 
Risks relating to the Swap Counterparty 
The ability of the Issuer to make payment of an amount equal to the Value per ETC Security as part of the 
Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount, as applicable, is dependent on its receipt in full 
from the Swap Counterparty of payments due under the Swap Agreement. Accordingly, the Issuer and the 
Securityholders are exposed to the creditworthiness of the Swap Counterparty to the extent of any Final 
Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount which becomes due and payable under the relevant 
Series of ETC Securities. To the extent the Issuer does not receive the relevant payment in full under the 
Swap Agreement the provisions of Condition 6 will apply with respect to the enforcement of the Issuer’s 
rights against the Posted Collateral under the Credit Support Deed and its rights under any other Credit 
Support Document and the payment of any proceeds of any such enforcement will be made in accordance 
with Condition 6. Such payments under the ETC Securities are also subject to the limited recourse 
provisions of Condition 6(g). Consequently, in certain circumstances, the Securityholders may not receive 
in full the Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount, as applicable, payable in respect of an 
ETC Security. 
Transfer of Swap Agreement and Swap Transaction and/or Credit Support Deed 
The Swap Counterparty may (subject to certain conditions) novate, assign or otherwise transfer the Swap 
Agreement and the Swap Transaction thereunder and/or the Credit Support Deed to a single Eligible 
Counterparty. In such circumstances the Issuer and therefore the Securityholders will be exposed to the 
creditworthiness of the transferee rather than the creditworthiness of the Swap Counterparty. However, a 
transferee will only be an Eligible Counterparty if it has a rating equal to or higher than the lower of the 
long-term issuer ratings given to the original Swap Counterparty as at the relevant Series Issue Date by 
the Rating Agencies as specified in the relevant Final Terms (or the equivalent rating from any other Rating 
Agency). 
Risks relating to the Credit Support Deed and the Posted Collateral 
Assets transferred to the Issuer under the Credit Support Deed relating to a Series of ETC Securities may 
be subject to volatility in their prices and subject to credit and liquidity risks. No investigations, searches or 
other enquiries will be made by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Posted Collateral and no 
representations or warranties, express or implied, are or will be given by the Issuer to Securityholders in 
relation to any Posted Collateral. 
The Issuer is exposed to movements in the value of the Swap Transaction and the Posted Collateral and 
to the creditworthiness of the Swap Counterparty and any obligor of Eligible Financial Instruments. 
The value of the Swap Transaction to the Issuer and the value of the related Posted Collateral relating to 
a Series of ETC Securities may increase or decrease from time to time during the term of the relevant 
Series of ETC Securities. If the value of the Swap Transaction to the Issuer increases and/or the value of 
the Posted Collateral decreases, the Issuer may demand the transfer to it of additional Eligible Collateral. 
In such circumstances there may be a period prior to the transfer of the additional Eligible Collateral in 
which the value of the assets transferred to the Issuer under the Credit Support Deed is less than the 
amount that would be payable by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer if the Swap Agreement were to

--- Page 32 ---
32 
terminate. The value of the assets transferred to the Issuer under the Credit Support Deed may also be 
less than the Issuer’s exposure to a Swap Counterparty if the additional Eligible Collateral is not transferred 
to the Issuer when required. 
If the Swap Agreement terminates and the Swap Counterparty does not pay in full the amount payable to 
the Issuer under the Swap Agreement when due, the Issuer will (subject to the terms of the Credit Support 
Deed) be entitled to enforce the security under such Credit Support Deed and sell the Posted Collateral. 
Certain Taxes (including, without limitation, VAT) may be applicable to a sale of the Posted Collateral and 
reduce the sums available to the Issuer to satisfy the claims of the Securityholders and all creditors whose 
claims rank in priority to those of the Securityholders under the ETC Securities. 
There can be no assurance that the net proceeds from the enforcement of the security under the relevant 
Credit Support Deed will generate sufficient funds to cover the amounts owed by the Swap Counterparty 
to the Issuer since the market value of the Posted Collateral against which the security is enforced will be 
affected on a daily basis by a number of factors including but not limited to (i) if the Posted Collateral 
comprises Gold, the volatility in the price of Gold, (ii) if the Posted Collateral includes securities, the 
creditworthiness of the issuers thereof and the time remaining to the scheduled maturity of such securities, 
(iii) market perception, interest rates, yields and foreign exchange rates, (iv) the liquidity of the assets 
comprising the Posted Collateral, (v) the time it takes to enforce, obtain and realise the Posted Collateral 
and (vi) any Taxes, fees, costs and expenses deducted, withheld or required to be paid in connection with 
the enforcement of the security and the realisation of the Posted Collateral under the relevant Credit 
Support Deed. 
If the net proceeds from the enforcement of the security under the relevant Credit Support Deed are 
insufficient to cover the amounts owed by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer, the Issuer will have an 
unsecured claim against the Swap Counterparty. The Issuer and/or the Trustee may, in certain 
circumstances, pursue a claim against such Swap Counterparty subject to being pre-funded, secured 
and/or indemnified to its or their satisfaction by the Securityholders of the relevant Series of ETC Securities 
prior to taking any such action. Any sums realised from such an action will be applied in accordance with 
the order of priority specified in the Conditions. It would be extremely unlikely that any such action would 
recover sufficient amounts to enable the full Early Redemption Amount to be paid to Securityholders and 
prospective investors should not place any reliance on being able to recover all or some only of the 
unsecured claim. Therefore, Securityholders of a Series are exposed to the creditworthiness of the Swap 
Counterparty. In respect of a Series of ETC Securities, Deutsche Bank AG has been, or may be, appointed 
as Swap Counterparty. In such case, Securityholders would be exposed to the creditworthiness of 
Deutsche Bank AG. 
Posted Collateral comprising Gold 
None of the Issuer, the Arranger or any Transaction Party independently confirms the fineness or weight 
of any Posted Collateral comprising Gold transferred to the Issuer under any Credit Support Deed relating 
to any Series of ETC Securities. There can be no assurance that the net proceeds from the enforcement 
of the security under the relevant Credit Support Deed will generate sufficient funds to cover the amounts 
owed by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer as: 
(i) 
the Posted Collateral comprising Gold transferred to the Issuer under any Credit Support Deed 
relating to any Series of ETC Securities may be different from the reported fineness or weight 
required by the standard of the LBMA for bars of gold delivered in settlement of transactions in gold; 
and 
(ii) 
VAT may, in certain circumstances, be chargeable upon a disposal of Gold. 
In such circumstances, there is an increased probability that the value of the Posted Collateral and the 
proceeds of realisation of the Gold comprising the Posted Collateral will prove insufficient to cover the

--- Page 33 ---
33 
amounts owed by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer, and that the sums available to the Issuer to satisfy 
the claims of the Securityholders under the ETC Securities may therefore be reduced. 
Determination under the Swap Agreement 
Pursuant to the terms of the Swap Agreement, the Swap Counterparty and the Swap Calculation Agent 
may make determinations which: 
(i) 
have an adverse effect on the Value per ETC Security of the ETC Securities; and/or 
(ii) 
lead to the ETC Securities becoming due and payable prior to their Scheduled Maturity Date; and/or 
(iii) 
lead to the postponement of the calculation and publication of the Value per ETC Security and/or 
the calculation and payment of the Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount and/or 
the settlement of the issue or purchase of any ETC Securities. 
In making determinations under the Swap Agreement, the Swap Counterparty owes no duty to the 
Securityholders of the relevant ETC Securities, will act for its own account, may exercise any discretion in 
its own interests and will not and is not required to take into account the interests of the Issuer or any 
Securityholder of the relevant ETC Securities. In making determinations under the Swap Agreement, the 
Swap Calculation Agent will make such determination in good faith and a commercially reasonable 
manner. The Swap Calculation Agent owes no duties to the Securityholders of the relevant ETC Securities 
and is not required to take their interests into account. 
Disruption Events 
If, under the Swap Agreement relating to a Series of ETC Securities, the Swap Counterparty gives a 
Disruption Event Notice in respect of a Scheduled Valuation Day, the publication of the Value per ETC 
Security in respect of such Scheduled Valuation Day will be postponed and the Value per ETC Security 
will be determined using the Closing Index Level determined in respect of such Scheduled Valuation Day 
by the Swap Calculation Agent in accordance with the provisions of the Swap Agreement. Such 
determination may not be for a number of days. Investors should be aware that the Closing Index Level 
determined by the Swap Calculation Agent may differ from the official closing index level (if any) 
determined and published by the relevant Index Sponsor in respect of such Scheduled Valuation Day. 
The delivery of a Disruption Event Notice by the Swap Counterparty and the determinations of the Swap 
Calculation Agent under the Swap Agreement (including, without limitation, the calculation of the Closing 
Index Level) may have an adverse effect on the Value per ETC Security and on the timing of its calculation 
and publication and may result in an adjustment to the Conditions of the ETC Securities and/or the early 
redemption of the ETC Securities. 
Adjustment Events 
The Swap Counterparty may, on any Scheduled Valuation Day, determine that an Adjustment Event has 
occurred or exists and deliver an Adjustment Event Notice in connection therewith. The Adjustment Events 
include (i) the Index Sponsor cancelling the Index and a Successor Index being identified; (ii) the Index 
Sponsor announcing that it will make a material change in the formula for, or the method of, calculating 
the Index or in any other way materially modifying the Index; and (iii) the occurrence of a Disruption Event. 
If an Adjustment Event Notice is delivered, the Swap Calculation Agent may determine in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner that an adjustment to one or more terms of the Swap Agreement is 
appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Swap Transaction of the relevant Adjustment Event. 
If the Swap Calculation Agent makes such a determination, it will determine the adjustment(s) to the terms 
of the Swap Agreement, the Swap Transaction and to the Conditions of the ETC Securities in connection 
therewith and the effective date of such adjustment(s). There can be no assurance that any such

--- Page 34 ---
34 
adjustment made to the Conditions of the ETC Securities to account for the economic effect of an 
Adjustment Event will not have an adverse effect on the Value per ETC Security of the ETC Securities. 
Risks relating to the Index 
Index-linked securities 
The ETC Securities are index-linked securities. Prospective investors should be aware that the level of an 
Index can go down as well as up and that the performance of an Index in any future period may not mirror 
its past performance. There can be no assurance as to the future performance of any Index to which the 
ETC Securities are linked. 
The ETC Securities may trade quite differently from the performance of the Index to which the ETC 
Securities are linked and changes in the level of the Index may not result in a comparable change in the 
market price or in the Value per ETC Security of the ETC Securities. 
Not an investment in underlying physical commodities 
The Index to which a Series of ETC Securities is linked may reference one or more commodities or 
commodity futures contracts. However, prospective investors should be aware that an investment in the 
ETC Securities is not the same as a direct investment in the relevant physical commodities. As a result, 
changes in the price of the physical commodities contained in a commodities index will not necessarily 
result in correlated changes in the level of the commodities index, or will not necessarily change to the 
same degree. In addition, the rules for calculation of the Index may include deductions for fees, may include 
a currency hedging component and/or other factors that affect how closely the Index tracks the price of the 
physical commodities referenced by the Index or the underlying commodity futures contracts referenced 
by the Index, as the case may be, and may also permit the Index Sponsor to make certain adjustments to 
the level of the Index. Any such deductions and adjustments may cause the level of the Index to diverge 
from the price of the physical commodities referenced by the Index or the underlying commodity futures 
contracts referenced by the Index, as the case may be. 
Impact of Rolling 
Where a commodity Index references commodity futures contracts, any “roll” mechanism may cause the 
value of a commodity index to change even at times when the spot price of the commodity stays the same 
or can cause the value of a commodity index to change in a different way than the spot price does. 
Prospective investors should be aware that this might result in the Index suffering falls in value at a time 
when a direct physical investment in the commodity would not, and that this may result in a corresponding 
fall in the return on a Securityholder's investment.  
Long or Short Exposure 
A commodity Index may provide long exposure to the prices of the commodities or commodity futures 
contracts, or short exposure. Prospective investors should be aware that if they invest in ETC Securities 
linked to a short exposure commodity Index, price rises in the underlying commodities or commodities 
futures contracts will generally lead to a fall in value of the ETC Securities.  
Leverage 
If the Index provides a leveraged exposure to commodities or commodity futures contracts, the effect of 
any negative or positive changes in the price thereof on the level of such Index and on the Value per ETC 
Security of the ETC Securities linked to such Index will be magnified as compared to the effect of any such 
negative or positive changes on the level of an otherwise identical index that does not employ leverage. 
Prospective investors should note that such leverage will mean that any losses on their investment will be 
greater than if they had an unleveraged exposure.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
Impact of Foreign Exchange Hedging 
If a Series of ETC Securities is denominated in a currency other than that of the commodity futures 
contracts which underlie the relevant Index, the Index referenced by such ETC Securities may include a 
currency hedging component to convert the currency of those commodity futures contracts into the same 
currency as that in which the ETC Securities are denominated. The level of such an Index will reflect the 
effect of a monthly rolling currency hedge. Such currency hedge typically involves the notional forward sale 
of the currency of the commodity futures contracts and purchase of the currency in which the ETC 
Securities are denominated and is designed to reduce the exposure of the Index (and, therefore, the ETC 
Securities) to exchange rate fluctuations between such currencies. However, such hedges do not fully 
eliminate exchange rate risks or fluctuations and, depending on movements in exchange rates, such 
currency hedging might have a negative impact on the level of the Index. 
Diversification 
Diversification is generally considered to reduce the amount of risk associated with generating returns. The 
index to which a Series of ETC Securities is linked may be comprised of a basket of different commodities 
or commodity futures contracts or may comprise a single commodity or commodity futures contract. If the 
Index comprises of a basket of different commodities or commodity futures contracts, the rules of the Index 
may include certain diversification objectives with the aim of ensuring an adequate diversification of the 
eligible components of the Index in order to meet the eligibility criteria required in accordance with the 
UCITS Directive; however, there can be no assurance that the Index will be sufficiently diversified at any 
time to satisfy the eligibility criteria required in accordance with the UCITS Directive and/or to reduce or 
minimise such risks to any extent. 
Even if the Index is comprised of a basket of different commodities or commodity futures contracts, the 
effectiveness of the diversification may be limited due to price correlation between different commodities 
and commodity futures contracts. By way of illustration, the price of rice may be positively correlated with 
the price of wheat and with gold, such that, when the price of rice moves, wheat and gold prices typically 
move in the same direction. The greater the correlation between the price of commodities and commodity 
futures contracts comprised in the Index, the greater the impact on the performance of the Index and on 
the Value per ETC Security of the ETC Securities of a fall or rise in the prices of such commodities and 
commodity futures contracts. 
The negative performance of one or more components of an Index may outweigh a positive 
performance of one or more other components 
Prospective investors should note that even in the case of the performance of one or more components 
which would, when taken alone, have a positive impact on the level of the Index, the level of the Index may 
still decrease if the performance of one or more of the other components of the Index taken as a whole 
have a negative impact on the level which outweighs the positive effect of such component(s). If the rules 
of the Index give greater weight to certain components of the Index than other components, the level of 
the Index and therefore the Value per ETC Security of the ETC Securities will generally be affected more 
by changes in the value or price of such weighted components. 
Commodity indices based solely on a limited or single commodity or commodity futures 
contract 
The fewer the commodities or commodity futures contracts that comprise the Index, the less diversified the 
Index will be. Less diversified commodities indices are generally more volatile than more diversified indices 
and consequently the Value per ETC Security of any Series of ETC Securities linked to an index comprised 
of a limited number of commodities or commodities futures contracts or single commodity or commodities 
futures contracts may also reflect a greater volatility.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
A commodity index may reference commodity spot prices or commodity futures contracts 
that are not traded on regulated futures exchanges 
The Index may not be made up exclusively of regulated commodity futures contracts and could at varying 
times include over-the-counter contracts (such as swaps and forward contracts) traded on trading facilities 
that are subject to lesser degrees of regulation or, in some cases, no substantive regulation. As a result, 
trading in such contracts, and the manner in which prices and volumes are reported by the relevant trading 
facilities, may not be subject to the same provisions of, and the protections afforded by, the U.S. 
Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended, or other applicable statutes and related regulations that 
govern trading on U.S. regulated futures exchanges or similar statutes and regulations that govern trading 
on regulated U.K. futures exchanges or regulated futures exchanges in other countries. In addition, many 
electronic trading facilities have only recently initiated trading and do not have significant trading histories. 
As a result, the trading of contracts on such facilities and the inclusion of such contracts in an Index may 
be subject to certain risks not presented by most exchange-traded futures contracts, including risks related 
to the liquidity and price histories of the relevant contracts. 
Disruption of exchanges on which commodity futures contracts are traded and price 
fluctuation limits 
In respect of indices comprised of commodity futures contracts which are traded on futures exchanges, 
any disruption to these futures exchanges can affect the level of such indices and, if the Index is such an 
index, the level of the Index and the Value per ETC Security of the ETC Securities. Futures exchanges 
have the potential to suffer from market disruption, due to trading failures at the exchange or the imposition 
of volume or daily price fluctuation limits. Such events could result in it not being possible to price one or 
more commodity futures contracts and therefore accurately determine the level of the Index. This may 
result in the delay in calculation and publication of the Value per ETC Security of the ETC Securities. 
Positions in commodity futures contracts may become illiquid because certain futures exchanges have 
regulations that limit the amount of fluctuation in certain commodity futures contract prices which may occur 
during a single trading day on the relevant exchange referred to as “daily price fluctuation limits” or “daily 
limits” and the maximum or minimum price of a contract on any given trading day on the relevant exchange 
as a result of these daily limits is referred to as a “limit price”. Under such daily limits during a single trading 
day on the relevant exchange, no trades may be executed at prices beyond the daily limits. Once the price 
of a commodity futures contract has increased or decreased by an amount equal to the daily limit, the 
commodity futures contract can neither be bought nor sold unless traders are willing to effect trades at or 
within the limit. Prospective investors should note that commodity futures contract prices in various 
commodities occasionally have exceeded the daily limit for several consecutive days with little or no 
trading. 
Positions in commodities may also become illiquid because of (i) the limited volume and amount of 
transactions in the relevant market, (ii) relatively few counterparties transacting in a relevant market and 
(iii) a lack of transparency in respect of pricing and quantity due to the confidential nature of some 
transactions.  
Such illiquidity could prevent a holder from promptly liquidating unfavourable or favourable positions and 
subject it to substantial losses or could lead to lower profits than anticipated and could, therefore, adversely 
affect the value of any indices referencing such commodity. If this occurs in relation to the components of 
the Index, a Disruption Event and/or an Adjustment Event and/or an Additional Swap Termination Event 
may occur. In such circumstances, the Closing Index Level may be determined by the Swap Calculation 
Agent and there may be a delay in the calculation and publication of the Value per ETC Security of the 
ETC Securities and/or an adjustment to the terms of the ETC Securities. As a result of such circumstances, 
the Swap Agreement may be terminated and the ETC Securities may be redeemed in connection 
therewith.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
Indices related to spot prices 
In respect of a commodity, a ‘spot price’ is the price that a market participant can trade on for immediate 
delivery of such commodity. Accordingly, it can have different meanings in terms of actual time for 
immediate delivery. However, the common market perception is a contract executed on a spot price basis 
has delivery in the shortest amount of time for that market.  
Therefore, an Index which is linked to spot prices should show the price at which the market will pay for 
immediate delivery. An Index linked to spot prices will be subject to significant volatility as the spot price is 
the indicator of where demand and supply in a market is at any particular time.  
Role of the Index Sponsor of the Index 
The sponsor of an index is responsible for the composition, calculation and maintenance of that index. The 
Index Sponsor of the Index will have no involvement in the offer and sale of the ETC Securities linked to 
such Index (save that nothing will prevent any Index Sponsor from also acting as Authorised Participant 
with respect to any Series of ETC Securities linked to an Index sponsored by it) and will have no obligations 
or duties to the Issuer, the Trustee or any Securityholder with respect to any action taken by it as Index 
Sponsor. The Index Sponsor of the Index has no obligation to take into account and will not take into 
account the interests of any Securityholders or the impact on the Value per ETC Securities of any ETC 
Securities when making determinations and taking actions with respect to the Index. 
The Index Sponsor of the Index may license the Index, and any of its sub-indices or strategies similar to 
the Index for use by other market participants, for publication in newspapers and periodicals, for distribution 
by information and data dissemination services and for various other purposes. Such licensing may 
contribute to an increased level of investment in the Index or similar strategies and this may have an impact 
on the level of the Index and the Value per ETC Security of the ETC Securities. 
Change in composition or discontinuance of the Index 
The Index Sponsor may add, delete or substitute the components of the Index or make other changes to 
the methodology for determining the commodity futures contracts to be included in the Index or for valuing 
the Index. 
The composition of the Index may therefore change over time as additional commodities or commodity 
futures contracts satisfy the eligibility criteria applicable to the Index or commodities or commodity futures 
contracts currently included in the Index fail to satisfy such criteria. Such changes to the composition of 
the Index by the Index Sponsor may affect the level of the Index as a newly added commodity or commodity 
futures contract may perform significantly worse or better than the commodity or commodity futures 
contract it replaces. There have been a number of modifications to the methodology for determining the 
commodities and commodity futures contracts to be included in commodity indices in recent years and 
further modifications may be made in the future. As the Value per ETC Security of the ETC Securities is 
linked to the level of the Index, changes in the composition of the Index may have an adverse effect on the 
Value per ETC Security of the ETC Securities and/or may constitute an Adjustment Event and/or lead to a 
Hedging Disruption Event and/or an Additional Swap Termination Event and/or the early redemption of the 
ETC Securities. 
The rules of the Index may confer on the Index Sponsor in certain circumstances the right to make 
determinations, calculations, modifications and/or adjustments to the Index and the eligible components of 
the Index and related matters, which involve, in certain circumstances, a degree of discretion. An index 
sponsor will generally, as far as reasonably practicable, exercise any such discretion with the aim of 
preserving the overall methodology of the relevant index. The exercise of such discretion may result in the 
level of the index on any day being different to that which it may have been had the index sponsor not 
determined to exercise such discretion. Whilst an index sponsor is typically required to act reasonably and 
in good faith in exercising its discretion, there can be no assurance that the exercise of any such discretion

--- Page 38 ---
38 
by the Index Sponsor will not affect the level of the Index and/or alter the volatility of the Index and have 
an adverse effect on the Value per ETC Security of the relevant Series of ETC Securities. 
If the Index Sponsor discontinues or suspends calculation or publication of the Index, under the terms of 
the ETC Securities, the Index may, in certain circumstances, be substituted with a Successor Index or an 
Index Cancellation Redemption Event may occur resulting in the early redemption of the ETC Securities. 
If the Index is replaced with a Successor Index, the relevant Securityholders will be exposed to fluctuations 
in the movements of the Successor Index and not the commodity index originally specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
The Issuer is not affiliated to the sponsor of the Index in any way and has no ability to control or predict its 
actions, including any errors in or discontinuation of disclosure regarding its methods or policies relating to 
the calculation of the Index. 
Risks related to Commodities  
Risks relating to the performance of a physical commodity 
Commodities comprise physical commodities, which need to be stored and transported, and commodity 
futures contracts. The performance of commodity futures contracts is correlated with, but may be different 
to, the performance of physical commodities. Commodity futures contracts are normally traded at a 
discount or a premium to the market prices for immediate payment and delivery of the physical commodity 
(such immediate market is known as the “spot market”). The difference between such prices and the prices 
for commodity futures contracts to buy or sell a commodity at a specific price on a specific date in the future 
is, on one hand, due to adjusting the market price for immediate payment and delivery by related expenses 
(warehousing, transport, insurance, etc.) and, on the other hand, due to different methods used to evaluate 
general factors affecting the markets in which each are traded. In addition, and depending on the 
commodity, there can be significant differences in the liquidity of the spot and the futures markets. 
Commodities markets have historically displayed recurring periods of rising prices (bull markets) and falling 
prices (bear markets). These periods have tended to last for a significant period of time. For example, the 
last lengthy bear market persisted for approximately 25 years. In 1998, prices in a number of commodities 
were at, or near, all-time lows. Since 1998, commodities markets had generally experienced a period of 
rising prices. However, broad based commodity prices began to decline in the second half of 2014. While 
broad based commodity indices have seen a rising price trend since the beginning of 2016, this trend may 
reverse again. Prospective investors should be aware of the risk that commodities markets may be entering 
a longer period of falling prices, which would have a negative effect on the Value per ETC Security and 
the market price of the ETC Securities, and which period may persist for the remaining term of the ETC 
Securities. Prospective investors should be aware that any such price fall may be rapid. 
The performance of a commodity, and consequently the corresponding commodity futures contract, is 
dependent upon various factors, including (without limitation) supply and demand, liquidity, weather 
conditions and natural disasters, direct investment costs, location, changes in tax rates and changes in 
laws, regulations and the activities of governmental or regulatory bodies, each as set out in more detail 
below. Commodity prices tend to be more volatile than most other asset categories, making investments 
in commodities riskier and more complex than other investments. Some of the factors affecting the price 
of commodities are: 
(i) 
Supply and demand. Commodities are typically considered a finite rather than a renewable 
resource. If supplies of a commodity increase the price of the commodity will typically fall and vice 
versa if all other factors remain constant. Similarly if demand for a commodity increases the price 
of the commodity will typically increase and vice versa if all other factors remain constant. The 
planning and management of commodities supplies is very time-consuming. This means that the

--- Page 39 ---
39 
scope for action on the supply side is limited and it is not always possible to adjust production swiftly 
to take account of demand. Demand can also vary on a regional basis. Transport costs for 
commodities in regions where they are needed also affect their prices. The fact that some 
commodities take a cyclical pattern, such as agricultural products which are only produced at certain 
times of the year, can also result in major price fluctuations. Alternative and substitutes for 
commodities may be identified, become cheaper and/or more readily available which may result in 
a decrease in the demand for such commodity and a decrease in the price thereof. 
(ii) 
Liquidity. Not all commodities markets are liquid and able to quickly and adequately react to 
changes in supply and demand. The fact that there are only a few market participants in the 
commodities markets means that speculative investments can have negative consequences and 
may distort prices. 
(iii) 
Weather conditions and natural disasters. Unfavourable weather conditions can influence the 
supply of certain commodities for the entire year. This kind of supply crisis can lead to severe and 
unpredictable price fluctuations. Diseases and epidemics (including the measures to contain them, 
such as quarantines or other restrictive measures) can also influence the prices of certain 
commodities. In particular, the rapid spread of the coronavirus (“COVID-19”) throughout 2020 and 
early 2021 has resulted in a significant deterioration of the global economic and financial situation 
and may result in increased volatility in the prices of such commodities, which may in turn have a 
negative impact on the performance of the Index and/or the Value per ETC Security and accordingly 
the market price of the ETC Securities. 
(iv) 
Direct investment costs. Direct investments in commodities involve storage, insurance and tax 
costs. Moreover, no interest or dividends are paid on commodities. The returns from investments in 
commodities are therefore influenced by these factors. 
(v) 
Location. Commodities are often produced in emerging market countries, with demand coming 
principally from industrialised nations. The political and economic situation is, however, far less 
stable in many emerging market countries than in the developed world. They are generally much 
more susceptible to the risks of rapid political change and economic setbacks. Political crises can 
affect purchaser confidence, which can, as a consequence, affect commodity prices. Armed 
conflicts can also impact on the supply and demand for certain commodities. It is also possible for 
industrialised nations to impose embargos on imports and exports of goods and services. This can 
directly and indirectly impact commodity prices. Furthermore, numerous commodity producers have 
joined forces to establish organisations or cartels in order to regulate supply and influence prices. 
(vi) 
Storage. Commodities are often stored in regulated warehouses or storage facilities with a finite 
amount of storage space. Changes in demand and supply for a commodity can mean that 
commodities stored within warehouses or storage facilities in specific geographical locations may 
trade at a premium to the spot price. 
(vii) 
Changes in tax rates. Changes in tax rates and customs duties may have a positive or a negative 
impact on the profit margins of commodities producers. When these costs are passed on to 
purchasers, these changes will affect prices. 
(viii) 
Changes in exchange rates and interest rates. Changes in exchange rates and interest rates 
may have a positive or negative impact on the price, demand, production costs, direct investment 
costs of commodities and the returns from investments in commodities are therefore influenced by 
and may be correlated to these factors. 
(ix) 
Laws, regulation and action of regulatory bodies. Changes in law and regulation and/or the 
action of any applicable government or regulatory body may have a positive or a negative impact 
on commodity prices and on any of the factors listed above. Depending upon the nature of the

--- Page 40 ---
40 
commodity and whether refinement of the commodity can lead to a restricted by-product, some 
commodities can be subject to both national and international regulation which may limit the 
locations where warehouses or storage facilities can operate and who may operate those 
warehouses or storage facilities. 
The Value per ETC Security of the ETC Securities will be affected by movements in commodity prices 
generally and by the way in which those prices affect the Index to which the ETC Securities are linked. 
Risks relating to the Custodian and Sub-Custodians 
The Issuer’s ability to enforce the security created under the Credit Support Deed and meet its obligations 
with respect to the ETC Securities will be dependent upon receipt by the Issuer of deliveries from the 
Custodian and performance by the Custodian of its obligations under the relevant Custody Agreement. 
Consequently, the Securityholders are also relying on the creditworthiness of the Custodian (and/or any 
relevant Sub-Custodian). In the event of a bankruptcy or insolvency of the Custodian (or any Sub-
Custodian), there can be no assurance that the Issuer will be able to obtain delivery of and/or realise the 
property held with the Custodian or Sub-Custodian on a timely basis. In addition, although in the accounts 
of the Custodian maintained for the Issuer the Custodian is required to segregate any Posted Collateral 
with respect to one Series of ETC Securities from any Posted Collateral for any other Series of ETC 
Securities and from any assets held in other client accounts or for its own accounts, Securityholders will 
be at risk if the Custodian does not, in practice, maintain such a segregation. In addition, the Custodian 
may hold Posted Collateral relating to a Series of ETC Securities which comprises Eligible Financial 
Instruments through a clearing system and/or through a sub-custodian or other account keeper, and such 
Eligible Financial Instruments may be held in an account with securities of the same type as such Eligible 
Financial Instruments held by or on behalf of the Custodian for the account of other customers of the 
Custodian. In such case the Custodian will use reasonable endeavours to ensure that any such clearing 
system and/or sub-custodian or other account keeper will (to the extent permitted by law and/or what the 
Custodian reasonably believes to be local banking practice) identify in its books the securities so held 
(including the Eligible Financial Instruments comprising the Posted Collateral for the relevant Series) as 
held for the account of the customers of the Custodian and that such property is distinguished on such 
books from the securities of the same type held on behalf of persons other than the Custodian’s customers 
or for the own account of the Custodian. Were a Custodian Bankruptcy Event to occur and the securities 
held in any such combined customer account of the Custodian with any such clearing system, sub-
custodian or other account keeper (and in which account the Eligible Financial Instruments comprising the 
Posted Collateral for the relevant Series were recorded) to be insufficient to meet in full the claims of the 
customers for whom the Custodian holds securities of the same type as the Eligible Financial Instruments, 
such customers (including the Issuer and therefore the Securityholders of the relevant Series) would bear 
any shortfall amongst themselves. 
None of the Custodian or any Sub-Custodian will have any duty or obligation to insure any Posted 
Collateral held or received by it against any risk (including the risk of theft, loss, damage, destruction or 
misdelivery). None of the Custodian or any Sub-Custodian will be liable to the Issuer or any Securityholder 
or any other person for any loss or destruction or depreciation in the value of any Posted Collateral held 
or received by it or any income therefrom unless such loss, destruction or depreciation is the direct result 
of the Custodian’s negligence, fraud, bad faith or wilful misconduct. The Custodian is not responsible for 
the acts, omissions, defaults or insolvency of any third party including, but not limited to, any Sub-
Custodian, clearing system, securities depository, broker, counterparty or issuer of any Posted Collateral 
held or received by it. The Custodian will only be responsible for losses suffered by the Issuer as a direct 
result of its negligence, fraud, bad faith or wilful default in the appointment and monitoring of any non-
affiliated Sub-Custodian or nominee. Otherwise, the Custodian is not be liable for any act or omission, or 
for the solvency, of any non-affiliated Sub-Custodian or nominee.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
Risks relating to the Authorised Participants 
If an Authorised Participant fails to settle a buy-back and does not deliver the relevant ETC Securities in 
circumstances where the Issuer has received the related termination payment under the Swap Agreement 
based on the Value per ETC Security in respect of the relevant Buy-Back Trade Date, this might lead to 
the Issuer having less sums available to it than are necessary to make payments in full in respect of the 
ETC Securities, the other Secured Issuer Obligations and Other Issuer Obligations if, the ETC Securities 
are redeemed and the buy-back has still not been settled. Accordingly, holders of the ETC Securities are 
exposed to the credit risk of an Authorised Participant and the risk that an Authorised Participant fails to 
settle a buy-back.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
Deutsche Bank AG 
As at the date of the Base Prospectus, Deutsche Bank AG is the Arranger, and the Issuer has or may 
appoint Deutsche Bank AG as Issuing and Paying Agent and Custodian, and has or may appoint Deutsche 
Trustee Company Limited, an Affiliate of Deutsche Bank AG, as Trustee on the issue of any Series of ETC 
Securities. Deutsche Bank AG may also act as Programme Swap Counterparty and the Swap 
Counterparty in relation to any Series of ETC Securities. However, in connection with ongoing or future 
restructuring and/or reorganisations within the Deutsche Bank Group, it is possible that some of the roles 
currently performed by Deutsche Bank AG may be novated, delegated or otherwise transferred to a 
different entity within the Deutsche Bank Group, provided that it is legally permitted to make such novation, 
delegation or transfer. Deutsche Bank AG acting through any of its branches or Affiliates may also be an 
Authorised Participant in relation to a Series of ETC Securities.  
Conflicts of interest may exist or arise between Deutsche Bank AG and any Affiliate of Deutsche Bank AG 
(“Deutsche Bank entities” and each a “Deutsche Bank entity”) acting in other capacities and the 
interests of the Issuer and/or Securityholders. 
Subject always to their regulatory obligations in performing each or any of these roles, Deutsche Bank 
entities do not act on behalf of, or accept any duty of care or any fiduciary duty to, any Securityholder. 
Each relevant Deutsche Bank entity will pursue actions and take steps that it deems appropriate to protect 
its interests without regard to the consequences for the investors in the ETC Securities or any other person. 
A Deutsche Bank entity and/or its Affiliates may engage in trading and market-making activities and may 
hold long or short positions in the Index, any component of the Index, any asset comprised in the Posted 
Collateral and other instruments or derivative products based on or related to the Index, components of 
the Index and/or assets comprised in the Posted Collateral for their proprietary accounts or for other 
accounts under their management. Deutsche Bank entities may also issue securities or enter into financial 
instruments in relation to the Index, any component of the Index and/or assets comprised in the Posted 
Collateral. To the extent that any Deutsche Bank entity, directly or through its Affiliates, serves as issuer, 
agent, manager, sponsor or underwriter of such securities or other instruments, its interests with respect 
to such products may be adverse to those of the Securityholders. Such activities may have an adverse 
effect on the Value per ETC Security of the ETC Securities and/or the value of the Posted Collateral 
securing the Issuer’s exposure to the Swap Counterparty. 
Deutsche Bank entities may be entitled to receive fees or other payments pursuant to products linked to 
the Index to which the ETC Securities relate or otherwise and to exercise all rights, including rights of 
termination or resignation, which they may have, even though so doing may have a detrimental effect on 
investors in the ETC Securities. 
Deutsche Bank entities may, from time to time, by virtue of their activities, possess or have access to 
information relating to the components of the Index, the assets comprised in the Posted Collateral and/or 
the other Transaction Parties. There is no obligation on any Deutsche Bank entity to disclose to any 
investor in the ETC Securities any such information. 
Any relevant research carried out by a Deutsche Bank entity may or may not be considered by Deutsche 
Bank AG when Deutsche Bank AG is trading for its own account or those of its customers, as the case 
may be. These, or other transactions in which Deutsche Bank AG engages for its account, may be 
conducted in a manner inconsistent with the research and the administration of the Index, any component 
of the Index and/or any eligible component of the Index. 
Any Deutsche Bank entity may, as an issuer or counterparty of commodity linked obligations or 
transactions, engage in activities designed to reduce its exposure to the risk of adverse price movements

--- Page 43 ---
43 
that may impact on the level of the Index and/or the prices of components of the Index on any particular 
day, meaning it may be different from the level which it would otherwise have been, whether directly or 
indirectly. Such activities may have an adverse effect on the Value per ETC Security of the ETC Securities. 
In addition, a Deutsche Bank entity may engage in activities designed to reduce its exposure to the risk of 
adverse price movements that may impact the value of the Posted Collateral under a relevant Credit 
Support Deed. Such activities may result in the value of the Posted Collateral being less than the value of 
the Issuer’s exposure to the Swap Counterparty on a particular day. While Deutsche Bank believes that 
such activities will not have a material impact on the level of the Index and/or the value of any Posted 
Collateral, no assurance can be given that market, financial or other circumstances will not arise such that 
the value of the ETC Securities is negatively impacted. 
A Deutsche Bank entity may be the sponsor of the Index. Such Index may be developed, owned, calculated 
and maintained by such Deutsche Bank entity, who would be responsible for the composition, calculation 
and maintenance of the Index. In such circumstances, the Deutsche Bank entity, in its capacity as the 
Index Sponsor, would be under no obligation to take into account the interests of the Securityholders. In 
such capacity as the Index Sponsor, they will have the authority to make determinations that could 
materially affect the Value per ETC Security of the ETC Securities and/or result in a Disruption Event, 
Adjustment Event or Swap Agreement Redemption Event. 
Other Transaction Parties 
Transaction Parties and/or their respective Affiliates may engage in trading and market-making activities 
and may hold long or short positions in the Index, any component of the Index, any asset comprised in the 
Posted Collateral and other financial instruments or products based on or related to the Index, components 
of the Index and/or assets comprised in any Posted Collateral for their own accounts or for other accounts 
under their management. Transaction Parties and their affiliates may also issue securities or enter into 
financial instruments in relation to the Index, any component of the Index and/or assets comprised in the 
Posted Collateral. Such activities could present certain conflicts of interest, could adversely affect the level 
of the Index or adversely affect the price and liquidity of any component of the Index and/or the asset(s) 
comprised in the Posted Collateral and may have an adverse effect on the Value per ETC Security of the 
ETC Securities. 
A Transaction Party and/or its Affiliates may be entitled to receive fees or other payments under or in 
connection with other products linked to the Index to which the ETC Securities relate or otherwise and to 
exercise all rights, including rights of termination or resignation, which they may have, even though so 
doing may have a detrimental effect on investors in the ETC Securities. 
A Transaction Party and/or its Affiliates may, from time to time, by virtue of such activities and their status 
as underwriter, adviser or otherwise, possess or have access to information relating to the components of 
any relevant Index, the assets comprised in the Posted Collateral and/or the other Transaction Parties. 
There is no obligation on any Transaction Party to disclose to any investor in the ETC Securities any such 
information. 
A Transaction Party and/or its Affiliates may, as an issuer or counterparty of commodity linked obligations 
or transactions, engage in activities designed to reduce its exposure to the risk of adverse price movements 
that may impact on the level of a relevant Index and/or the prices of components of a relevant Index on 
any particular day, meaning it may be different from the level which it would otherwise have been, whether 
directly or indirectly. Such activities may have an adverse effect on the Value per ETC Security of the ETC 
Securities. 
In addition, a Transaction Party and/or its Affiliates may engage in activities designed to reduce its 
exposure to the risk of adverse price movements that may impact on the value of the Posted Collateral

--- Page 44 ---
44 
under a relevant Credit Support Deed. Such activities may result in the value of the Posted Collateral being 
less than the value of the Issuer’s exposure to the relevant Swap Counterparty on a particular day.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
All documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus have been filed with the Central Bank. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with:  
(i) 
the report and financial statements of the Issuer for the period from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 
2019; and 
(ii) 
the report and financial statements of the Issuer for the period from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 
2020.  
Such documents shall be incorporated into and shall form part of this Base Prospectus, save that any 
statement contained herein or in a document incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or 
superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein or in 
any subsequently filed document which also is incorporated by reference herein modifies or supersedes 
such statement. Any such statement modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or 
superseded, constitute part of this Base Prospectus. Any documents which are incorporated by reference 
into the documents listed above shall not constitute part of this Base Prospectus. 
The above documents are available on the following websites maintained on behalf of the Issuer (or such 
other website as may be notified to Securityholders): 
Report and financial statements of the Issuer for the period 1 January 2019 to 31 
December 2019 
https://etc.dws.com/GBR/ENG/Downloads 
Report and financial statements of the Issuer for the period 1 January 2020 to 31 
December 2020 
https://etc.dws.com/GBR/ENG/Downloads 
The above documents may be inspected at the registered office of the Issuer and at the specified office of 
the Issuing and Paying Agent with respect to the relevant ETC Securities.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS  
This section is intended to answer some of the questions which investors may have when considering 
an investment in the ETC Securities. However, any decision to invest in ETC Securities should only 
be made after careful consideration of all relevant sections of this Base Prospectus and the relevant 
Final Terms. This section is not intended to be a substitute for, nor a summary of, the Conditions. 
Capitalised terms shall have the meanings given to them in the Conditions. 
1 
What are the ETC Securities? 
The ETC Securities are secured debt securities issued by DB ETC Index plc, a Jersey company set 
up as the administrative vehicle for issuing the ETC Securities. The ETC Securities are designed to 
provide investors with exposure to a commodity Index. They enable investors to gain such exposure 
without having to take physical delivery of a commodity or having to trade commodity derivatives.  
ETC Securities will typically be admitted to listing on the official list of Euronext Dublin and/or on 
another Stock Exchange, and will generally be made eligible to trade intra-day on the Euronext Dublin 
and/or on other such exchanges.  
2 
How do the ETC Securities give me commodity exposure?  
The ETC Securities are long-dated securities that promise to pay an amount at maturity linked to the 
value of a commodity Index. The ETC Securities are backed by a Swap Agreement with the Swap 
Counterparty. Under the Swap Agreement, the Issuer pays all of the issue proceeds of the ETC 
Securities to the Swap Counterparty. In return, the Swap Counterparty makes payments to the Issuer 
that reflect the performance of the relevant Index and which equal the amounts the Issuer has to pay 
on the ETC Securities and will provide the Issuer with collateral assets having a total value at least 
equal to the aggregate Value per ETC Security of that Series.  
Because the Issuer obtains its commodity exposure under the Swap Agreement, rather than by 
physically investing directly in commodities, these types of ETC Securities are known as indirect 
replication exchange traded commodities. This is because the Issuer obtains its exposure indirectly 
via the Swap Agreement.  
3 
Who is the Swap Counterparty? 
As at the date of the Base Prospectus, Deutsche Bank AG is the Programme Swap Counterparty and 
the sole Swap Counterparty under the Programme.  
4 
What are commodity indices? 
The ETC Securities are commodity index-linked securities. The amount payable in respect of the ETC 
Securities and the Value per ETC Security (see “What is the Value per ETC Security” below) is linked 
to the performance of the underlying commodity index specified in the relevant Final Terms, as such 
index may be replaced, substituted or otherwise adjusted in accordance with the Conditions.  
The complete set of rules of any relevant index and information on the performance of such index are 
freely accessible on the Issuer’s website at www.etc.dws.com (or such other website as may be 
notified to Securityholders) or on the index provider’s website as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and the governing rules (including methodology of the index for the selection and the re-balancing of 
the components of the index, description of market disruption events and adjustment rules) are based 
on predetermined and objective criteria. 
The Index to which a Series of ETC Securities relates may be designed to provide long or short 
exposure to a single commodity or commodity futures contract or to a basket of commodities or

--- Page 47 ---
47 
commodity futures contracts and may employ leverage or other features to create a particular type of 
exposure to the underlying commodity or commodity futures contracts. 
An Index:  
• 
may, in respect of each commodity, reference the price of the commodity for immediate 
delivery (known as the ‘spot price’) or the price of one or more commodity futures contracts 
• 
may provide long or short exposure  
• 
may employ leverage or be unleveraged  
• 
may be denominated in the currency in which the relevant commodity or commodity futures 
contract is typically traded or may be in a different currency, and in the latter case may or may 
not include some element of foreign exchange hedging (that is, an attempt to reduce the 
uncertainty caused by foreign exchange rate changes) 
• 
may be calculated on an “excess return” or a “total return” basis (with “excess return” generally 
reflecting the gain or loss on the commodity futures contract over the time in question, including 
as a result of any roll of a commodity futures contract, and with “total return” reflecting both the 
excess return and a reference rate of return such as the relevant three-month USD Treasury 
bill rate) 
• 
may employ a pre-determined strategy to allocate between different commodities or 
commodity futures contracts over time in an attempt to maximise the returns on the index in 
certain scenarios. 
The Index may provide a long exposure to the prices of the commodities or commodity futures 
contracts comprising the Index. A long exposure is the exposure that someone who purchases assets 
with the intention of selling the assets in the future has to the price of the assets. Such purchaser 
hopes for and will benefit from a rise in the price of the assets as the purchaser will be able to sell the 
assets for an amount greater than it purchased them for. If the Index to which the ETC Securities are 
linked provides a long exposure to the prices of the commodities or commodity futures contracts 
referenced by it, all other things being equal and absent significant market changes and volatility, a 
rise in the prices of such commodities and commodity futures contracts should be reflected by an 
increase in the level of the Index and the Value per ETC Security of the ETC Securities. 
Alternatively, the Index may provide a short exposure to the prices of the commodities or commodity 
futures contracts comprising the Index. A short exposure is the exposure of someone who borrows 
assets and then sells them in the market with the intention of buying the assets back in the future to 
redeliver to the lender. Such person hopes for and will benefit from a fall in prices of the assets as 
they can repurchase the assets to redeliver to the lender for an amount which is less than they sold 
them for. If the Index to which the ETC Securities are linked provides a short exposure to the prices 
of the commodities or commodity futures contracts referenced by it, all other things being equal and 
absent significant market changes and volatility, a rise in the prices of such commodities and 
commodity futures contracts should be reflected by a decrease in the level of the Index and the Value 
per ETC Security of the ETC Securities. 
If the Index provides a leveraged exposure to commodities or commodity futures contracts, the effect 
of any negative or positive changes in the price thereof on the level of such Index and on the Value 
per ETC Security of the ETC Securities linked to such Index will be magnified as compared to the 
effect of any such negative or positive changes on the level of an otherwise identical index that does 
not employ leverage. Prospective investors should note that such leverage will mean that any losses 
on their investment will be greater than if they had an unleveraged exposure.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
The level of the Index replicates an actual investment (a purchase in the case of an index providing 
a long exposure or a sale in the case of an index providing a short exposure, as applicable) in 
commodities or commodity futures contracts as applicable, and therefore goes up or down depending 
on the overall performance of the commodities or commodity futures contracts (or basket thereof, as 
applicable).  
5 
Is an investment in a commodity index the same as investing in the underlying physical 
commodities? 
An investment in a commodity index is not the same as investing directly in the underlying physical 
commodities. Importantly, an investment in a commodity index does not give any ownership interest, 
right or entitlement to any actual commodity or commodity futures contract. Any amounts payable on 
the ETC Securities will be in cash, and the holders of the ETC Securities will have no right to receive 
delivery of any commodity or commodity futures contract at any time. 
In addition, the return on most commodity indices will not track the return that would be achieved by 
an investor were it to instead invest in the underlying physical commodities. As summarised in “What 
are commodity indices?” above, there are many different types of commodity index and most 
commodity indices are specifically designed to give an investment exposure different from that 
achieved from a direct buy-to-hold investment in the underlying commodities. 
In particular, many commodity indices are designed to reference the performance of commodity 
futures contracts rather than a direct buy-to-hold investment in the underlying commodities 
themselves.  
A commodity index that tracks commodity futures contracts is not the same as one that tracks the 
related physical commodities and is not the same as investing in the relevant physical commodities. 
This is because while holding an inventory of physical commodities may have certain economic 
benefits (for example, a refinery could use a reserve of crude oil for the continuation of its operations), 
it also poses administrative burdens and costs, including those arising from the need to store or 
transport physical commodities. These requirements and costs may prove unattractive to investors 
who are interested solely in the price movement of commodities. An index of commodity futures 
contracts permits an investor to obtain exposure to the prices of commodities without directly incurring 
these requirements and costs. However, an investor in an index of commodity futures contracts can 
be indirectly exposed to these costs, which may be reflected in the prices of the commodity futures 
contracts and therefore in the level of a commodity index. Additionally, the fact that commodity futures 
contracts have publicly available prices allows calculation of an index based on these prices. The use 
of commodity futures contracts, therefore, allows the sponsor of a commodity index to separate the 
exposure to price changes from the ownership of the underlying physical commodity, and thus allow 
participation in the upside and downside movement of commodity prices independently of the physical 
commodity itself.  
6 
What is a commodity futures contract and what is “rolling”? 
A commodity futures contract is an agreement to buy or sell a set amount of a physical commodity at 
a predetermined price for delivery during a predetermined delivery period (or to receive or pay the 
cash amount of any profit or loss that a party to such a contract would have made). Once entered 
into, the prices for a commodity futures contract change until they reach their predetermined delivery 
period. Generally speaking, the return on an investment in commodity futures contracts is correlated 
with, but different from, the return on buying and holding commodities. 
Where an index references the price of commodity futures contracts it will normally contain a 
mechanism to replace commodity futures contracts that are nearing their delivery period with new, 
longer-dated commodity futures contracts. This replacement is known as a “roll”. For example, an

--- Page 49 ---
49 
index may reference a 3-month commodity futures contract entered into on 15 July 2013 and due to 
expire on 15 October 2013. When 15 October 2013 is near, the index will provide a mechanism to 
replace that commodity futures contract with a new 3-month commodity futures contract. Any gain or 
loss involved in such replacement would be reflected in the index. 
This “rolling” feature of a commodity index has important implications for changes in the value of a 
commodity index. The “rolling” feature can cause the value of a commodity index to change even at 
times when the spot price of the commodity stays the same or can cause the value of a commodity 
index to change in a different way than the spot price does.  
The precise impact of the “rolling” feature will depend on the nature of the particular commodity Index 
and, in particular, on whether the commodity Index gives a long or short exposure to the underlying 
commodity.  
The trend in prices of the commodity futures contracts may mitigate the effects of rolling. Furthermore, 
if the Index includes many different types of commodity futures contracts, each of those commodity 
futures contracts may be in a different type of market, either backwardation or contango, and therefore 
may offset any losses and gains attributable to rolling. Prospective investors should note that the 
Index to which a Series of ETC Securities they hold is linked may not be a diversified commodities 
index and so the effects of rolling may be more pronounced. 
Some commodity indices contain mechanisms that attempt to minimise the negative impact of the 
“rolling” feature and to maximise the positive impact. The precise manner and effect of these 
mechanisms differs across different commodity indices. Although designed to try and minimise any 
negative impact and to maximise any positive impact, there can be no assurance that any such 
mechanism will achieve that objective. 
7 
What other factors impact the return on a commodity index?  
The performance of a commodity index is fundamentally dependent upon the macroeconomic factors 
relating to the commodities that underpin such index or the commodity futures contracts included in 
such index, such as supply and demand, liquidity, weather conditions and natural disasters, direct 
investment costs, location and changes in tax rates. Where an Index references commodities of more 
than one type, the performance of commodities and/or commodity futures contracts in one sector 
might offset the performance of commodities and/or commodity futures contracts in another sector 
but there can be no assurance that this will be the case. 
8 
What rules apply to an Index which references spot prices? 
An Index which references a spot price differs from other commodity indices found in the market 
because it does not reference futures contracts and therefore a rules based strategy relating to futures 
contracts (such as a pre-defined rolling mechanism of eligible future contracts and/or a mechanism 
for the selection of eligible future contracts) is not applicable. 
9 
What is the structure of the ETC Securities? 
Each ETC Security is issued by the Issuer to an Authorised Participant. The Issuer then pays the 
issue proceeds to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement. In return, the Swap 
Counterparty makes payments to the Issuer that reflect the performance of the relevant Index and 
which equal the amounts the Issuer has to pay on the ETC Securities. 
In order to minimise the risk that the Swap Counterparty does not make the payments due from it 
under the Swap Agreement, it is required to provide the Issuer with collateral assets. This is provided 
for under a document known as a Credit Support Deed. If the Swap Counterparty did default on its 
payments, the collateral would be available to be sold in order to pay off amounts owing by the Swap

--- Page 50 ---
50 
Counterparty. The collateral will be either physical Gold or financial instruments meeting set quality 
criteria, although the Swap Counterparty may elect, upon giving not less than 90 calendar days’ prior 
notice, to substitute the Gold collateral with financial instruments meeting set quality criteria or vice 
versa. The collateral delivered under the Credit Support Deed is known as the Posted Collateral. 
The collateral will be held for the Issuer by a custodian. This will be Deutsche Bank AG or any 
replacement thereto. Where the collateral is in the form of Gold, it will be held by JPMorgan Chase 
Bank N.A., a sub-custodian. 
A structure diagram showing the principal aspects of the structure is set out below: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
***only where Gold is used as collateral  
 
 
 
 
10 
What is an Authorised Participant? 
Authorised Participants are the only entities allowed to buy and sell ETC Securities directly from and 
to the Issuer. Any such purchase or sale is made at the prevailing Value per ETC Security. Authorised 
Participants act also as market makers, i.e. they buy and sell ETC Securities from and to investors 
on an over-the-counter basis or via a stock exchange. However, not all market makers need to be 
Authorised Participants. 
11 
Do holders of ETC Securities have recourse to particular assets of the Issuer?  
With respect to each Series of ETC Securities, the Issuer’s main assets are its rights and interests 
under the related Swap Agreement and Credit Support Deed. The obligations of the Issuer under the 
ETC Securities of a Series will be secured in favour of the Trustee pursuant to an English law 
governed Security Deed which grants security over the Issuer’s rights in respect of the transaction 
documents relating to that Series (including the Swap Agreement and any Credit Support Deed), any 
cash held by the Issuer in respect of that Series and any collateral delivered by the Swap Counterparty 
in respect of that Series. The property over which such security is created in respect of a Series is 
known as the Secured Property.  
You should note that holders of ETC Securities and other Transaction Parties will have recourse only 
to the Secured Property in respect of the relevant Series of ETC Securities and not to any other assets 
of the Issuer. The claims of holders of ETC Securities (and those of other Transaction Parties) will be 
limited to Secured Property and subject to the order of priority referred to below. If the Secured 
Property is not sufficient to meet the claims of holders of ETC Securities and those of all the other 
relevant parties, the Secured Property will be used to meet claims according to a specified order of 
priority. Amounts owing to certain Transaction Parties will be paid before claims of holders of ETC 
Issuer 
DB ETC Index plc 
 
Authorised Participant 
 
Deutsche Bank AG and/or 
any other APs 
 
Swap Counterparty 
 
Deutsche Bank AG or 
replacement 
Swap Collateral Sub-
Custodian***  
 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
Swap Collateral Custodian 
 
Deutsche Bank AG or 
replacement 
Investor 
 
Purchases ETC 
Securities on exchange 
or from a market 
counterparty 
Cash 
Index 
Return 
ETC 
Securities 
Cash 
Cash 
ETC 
Securities 
Delivery of Gold collateral* or Eligible 
Financial Instruments** to secure obligations 
of Swap Counterparty under the Swap 
Agreement 
 
* can be exchanged for Eligible Financial 
Instruments 
 
**can be exchanged for Gold
Swap Agt

--- Page 51 ---
51 
Securities. If there is no Secured Property left after paying them, holders of ETC Securities will not 
be paid. 
12 
What happens if the Swap Counterparty defaults?  
If the Swap Agreement terminates and the Swap Counterparty does not pay in full the amount payable 
under the Swap Agreement when due and the security under the Credit Support Deed becomes 
enforceable in accordance with its terms, the Issuer will use reasonable endeavours to appoint a 
Liquidation Agent as soon as is reasonably practicable (and provided always that the Issuer will not 
be liable for any non-appointment of any Liquidation Agent or for any losses, damages, costs or 
expenses that result from any such non-appointment) to assist the Issuer in the enforcement of the 
security granted under the Credit Support Deed. The Liquidation Agent will be appointed as agent of 
the Issuer to realise the Posted Collateral under such Credit Support Deed in a timely fashion in 
accordance with the terms of such Credit Support Deed and applicable laws, until such time as the 
Security constituted under the Security Deed has become enforceable and the Trustee notifies the 
Liquidation Agent that it is enforcing such Security and to cease its activities in relation thereto. 
In appointing a Liquidation Agent, the Issuer will act in good faith and will seek to appoint a Liquidation 
Agent of good professional standing, having appropriate relevant experience and charging fees that 
are no higher than is commercially reasonable. The Issuer is under no obligation to obtain more than 
one quotation for such role and, where there is more than one candidate, may choose the entity it 
considers best suited to the role, regardless of whether other potential candidates would have 
charged lower fees. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where a Liquidation Agent is not appointed or the Posted Collateral is not 
realised by the Liquidation Agent within 60 calendar days of the relevant Early Redemption Valuation 
Date or the Scheduled Maturity Date (as applicable) and the relevant payment of Principal in respect 
of the ETC Securities has not been made, the Security over the Secured Property in respect of the 
relevant Series of ETC Securities will become enforceable by the Trustee on such 60th calendar day. 
13 
When will a Value per ETC Security be calculated? 
Subject to any market disruptions, the Determination Agent is required to calculate the Value per ETC 
Security in respect of each Scheduled Valuation Day. A Scheduled Valuation Day is a London 
Business Day on which the Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of the Index. 
14 
What is the Value per ETC Security? 
The Value per ETC Security is an amount in the currency of the ETC Securities, calculated on a daily 
basis for each Scheduled Valuation Day (subject to any market disruptions) and that represents the 
theoretical value of an ETC Security. The Value per ETC Security is used to calculate the redemption 
amount of the ETC Securities when they reach their Scheduled Maturity Date.  
The Value per ETC Security is a measure of the Value per ETC Security of the net assets (primarily 
the swap agreement) backing that particular Series of ETC Securities. 
The Value per ETC Security depends on the performance of the commodity Index to which the ETC 
Securities are linked. If the value of the commodity Index rises, the Value per ETC Security should 
also rise. If the value of the commodity Index falls, the Value per ETC Security should also fall. 
However, the Value per ETC Security is reduced by the deduction of a fee. Depending on the 
performance of the commodity Index, the deduction of the fee may erode any gains made from rises 
in the value of the commodity Index.  
The following worked example shows how the Value per ETC Security is calculated.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
On Thursday 31 October 2013, a new Series of ETC Securities is issued for U.S.$100 each. 
The initial Value per ETC Security is set at 100.00 to match the issue price.  
The ETC Securities give a return linked to the db Example Commodity Index.  
On 31 October 2013, the db Example Commodity Index level is 1045.23. 
 
To determine the Value per ETC Security for Friday 1 November 2013, the Determination 
Agent does the following: 
Step 1: It first looks at the db Example Commodity Index level for 1 November 2013. We will 
assume that this level is 1047.62.  
Step 2: It needs to calculate the percentage increase or decrease in the value of the db 
Example Commodity Index level since the end of the previous calendar month (i.e. since 31 
October 2013). In this example, the db Example Commodity Index level has risen from 
1045.23 to 1047.62, an increase of 2.39. This is a percentage increase of 0.23%.  
Step 3: The Determination Agent then applies the same percentage increase or decrease to 
the Value per ETC Security as it stood at the end of the previous calendar month (i.e. it needs 
to increase 100.00 by 0.23%). This gives a result of 100.23.  
Step 4: It then needs to subtract the aggregate fee charged in respect of the ETC Securities 
since the end of the previous calendar month. To do this it needs to work out the daily fee 
amount.  
There are potentially three fees that apply to a Series of ETC Securities. These are:  
• 
a product fee 
• 
a collateral fee which reflects the cost to the Swap Counterparty of providing 
collateral under the Swap Agreement and 
• 
 a swap replication fee or index fee embedded in the terms of the commodity 
index.  
The level of these fees may vary from time to time (see “What fees do I pay?” below). 
In this example, we will assume that on 1 November 2013 the product fee is 0.45% per 
annum, the collateral fee is 0.2828% per annum and the swap replication fee is 0.40% per 
annum. When these are added together this gives a total fee percentage of 1.13%.  
To calculate the daily fee amount, the Determination Agent needs to multiply the Value per 
ETC Security at the end of the previous calendar month by the total fee percentage. This 
gives an annualised amount. To make this a daily amount, the Determination Agent divides 
by 360.  
If we do this in our current example, the daily fee amount would be equal to 100.00 multiplied 
by the total fee percentage of 1.13% per annum, and then divided by 360. This gives a daily 
fee amount equal to 0.0031467. 
The Determination Agent then needs to take that amount off the value it arrived at in Step 3. 
So it needs to take 0.0031467 from 100.23. Because the Value per ETC Security is reported 
to two decimal places, this deduction will not actually result in the published value being 
different. However, even though the Value per ETC Security is only published to two decimal

--- Page 53 ---
53 
places, it is calculated to many more. As a result, the fee deduction will have a cumulative 
effect over time (see further “What fees do I pay?” below).  
Step 5: The Issuer publishes the Value per ETC Security for 1 November 2013 by no later 
than 16:00 London time on the next Scheduled Valuation Day. In this example, because 2 
and 3 November 2013 are a Saturday and Sunday, this means that the Value per ETC 
Security for 1 November 2013 will be published by no later than 16:00 London time on 4 
November 2013. The Value per ETC Security will be published on www.etc.dws.com (or a 
successor website).  
 
No Value per ETC Security will be determined for Saturday 2 November 2013 or Sunday 3 
November 2013, as calculations are not made for weekends, bank holidays and other non-
business days.  
 
The next day for which the Value per ETC Security will be determined will be Monday 4 
November 2013. To determine the Value per ETC Security for this day, the Determination 
Agent will follow the same steps as above: 
Step 1: It first looks at the db Example Commodity Index level for 4 November 2013. We will 
assume that this level is 1049.56.  
Step 2: It needs to calculate the percentage increase or decrease in the value of the db 
Example Commodity Index level since the end of the previous calendar month (i.e. since 31 
October 2013). In this example, the db Example Commodity Index level has risen from 
1045.23 to 1049.56, an increase of 4.33. This is a percentage increase of 0.41%.  
Step 3: The Determination Agent then applies the same percentage increase or decrease to 
the Value per ETC Security as it stood at the end of the previous calendar month (i.e. it needs 
to increase 100.00 by 0.41%). This gives a result of 100.41.  
Step 4: It needs to subtract the aggregate fee charged in respect of the ETC Securities. To 
do this it needs to subtract the daily fee amounts for Friday 1 November 2013, Saturday 2 
November 2013, Sunday 3 November 2013 and Monday 4 November 2013. Note that 
because the fee is a daily fee, it will be charged for all calendar days, regardless of whether 
they are weekends, bank holidays or other non-business days. 
The Determination Agent, therefore, needs to subtract four days’ worth of the daily fee 
amount. We will assume that the daily fee amount has stayed the same for those days (the 
daily fee amount tends to change on the first day of a calendar month, although it can change 
at other times in certain instances – see “What fees do I pay?” below). Four days’ worth of a 
daily fee amount of 0.0031467 comes to 0.0125866.  
The Determination Agent then needs to take that amount away from the value at the end of 
Step 3. So it needs to take 0.0125866 from 100.41. This gives a result of 100.40.  
 
The Determination Agent will calculate the Value per ETC Security in the same way for each 
day until the beginning of the next calendar month.  
The below table shows the Value per ETC Security that would apply if the db Example 
Commodity Index levels were as shown in the table: 
Date 
Value per 
ETC 
Security 
Closing Index 
Level 
Accrued Fee 
31-Oct-13 
100.00 
1045.23 
-

--- Page 54 ---
54 
1-Nov-13 
100.23 
1047.62 
0.0031 
4-Nov-13 
100.40 
1049.56 
0.0126 
5-Nov-13 
100.56 
1051.29 
0.0157 
6-Nov-13 
100.70 
1052.73 
0.0189 
7-Nov-13 
100.62 
1051.98 
0.0220 
8-Nov-13 
100.67 
1052.53 
0.0252 
11-Nov-13 
100.67 
1052.56 
0.0346 
12-Nov-13 
100.72 
1053.11 
0.0378 
13-Nov-13 
100.68 
1052.78 
0.0409 
14-Nov-13 
100.61 
1052.07 
0.0441 
15-Nov-13 
100.65 
1052.56 
0.0472 
18-Nov-13 
100.60 
1052.06 
0.0566 
19-Nov-13 
100.59 
1051.99 
0.0598 
20-Nov-13 
100.65 
1052.67 
0.0629 
21-Nov-13 
100.68 
1052.99 
0.0661 
22-Nov-13 
100.70 
1053.23 
0.0692 
25-Nov-13 
100.74 
1053.78 
0.0787 
26-Nov-13 
100.71 
1053.53 
0.0818 
27-Nov-13 
100.82 
1054.67 
0.0850 
28-Nov-13 
100.78 
1054.34 
0.0881 
29-Nov-13 
100.85 
1055.10 
0.0913 
 
The last Scheduled Valuation Day of November 2013 is Friday 29 November 2013. The first 
Scheduled Valuation Day of December 2013 will, therefore, be Monday 2 December 2013.  
When the Determination Agent calculates the Value per ETC Security for days in December, 
it needs to make some slight adjustments.  
Step 1: It first looks at the db Example Commodity Index level for 2 December 2013. We will 
assume that this level is 1056.42.  
Step 2: It needs to calculate the percentage increase or decrease in the value of the db 
Example Commodity Index level since the end of the previous calendar month. Because we 
are now in December 2013, this means the Determination Agent has to look back to 29 
November 2013 and not 31 October 2013. In this example, the db Example Commodity Index 
level has risen from 1055.10 to 1056.42, an increase of 1.32. This is a percentage increase 
of 0.13%.  
Step 3: The Determination Agent then applies the same percentage increase or decrease to 
the Value per ETC Security as it stood at the end of the previous calendar month (i.e. it needs 
to increase 100.85 by 0.13%). This gives a result of 100.98.  
Step 4: It then needs to subtract the aggregate fee charged in respect of the ETC Securities 
since the end of the previous calendar month. To do this it needs to work out the daily fee 
amount.  
In this example, we will assume that from (but excluding) the last business day of November, 
the collateral fee changed from 0.2828% to 0.29345%, but the product fee and swap 
replication fee stayed at the same level as in November (i.e. 0.45% per annum and 0.40%

--- Page 55 ---
55 
per annum, respectively). When these are added together this gives a total fee percentage 
of 1.14%.  
To calculate the daily fee amount, the Determination Agent needs to multiply the Value per 
ETC Security at the end of the previous calendar month by the total fee percentage. This 
gives an annualised amount. To make this a daily amount, the Determination Agent divides 
by 360.  
If we do this in our current example, the daily fee amount would be equal to 100.85 multiplied 
by the total fee percentage of 1.14%, and then divided by 360. This gives a daily fee amount 
equal to 0.003203345. 
Because Saturday 30 November 2013 and Sunday 1 December 2013 were non-business 
days, the Determination Agent needs to take three days’ worth of fees off when it calculates 
the Value per ETC Security for 2 December 2013 (i.e. the fees for 30 November, 1 December 
and 2 December). This comes to 0.009610034. 
The Determination Agent then needs to take that amount off the value it arrived at in Step 3. 
So it needs to take 0.009610034 from 100.98. This gives 100.97.  
Step 5: The Issuer publishes the Value per ETC Security for 2 December 2013 by no later 
than 16:00 London time on the next Scheduled Valuation Day. In this example, the Value 
per ETC Security for 2 December 2013 will be published by no later than 16:00 London time 
on 3 December 2013. The Value per ETC Security will be published on www.etc.dws.com 
(or a successor website). 
 
15 
How do I obtain a return from investing in ETC Securities? 
The ETC Securities are non-interest bearing. No amounts are payable under the ETC Securities prior 
to their Scheduled Maturity Date unless they are subject to an early redemption.  
On the Scheduled Maturity Date, each ETC Security will become due and payable at an amount 
determined by reference to the Value per ETC Security.  
However, for this purpose the Value per ETC Security is calculated in a slightly different way than 
normal, instead using an average of the level of the Index over a five business day period. 
This can be illustrated by an example.  
 
The Series of ETC Securities has a Scheduled Maturity Date of Friday 30 April 2060. The 
Final Redemption Valuation Date will generally be the tenth Scheduled Valuation Day prior 
to that date, which is expected to be Friday 16 April 2060. For this example, we will assume 
that Friday 16 April 2060 is the Final Redemption Valuation Date.  
 
The Determination Agent needs to determine the Value per ETC Security for the Final 
Redemption Valuation Date. It does this slightly differently than for any other Scheduled 
Valuation Day. We shall see how by working through the steps the Determination Agent 
needs to take. 
To determine the Value per ETC Security for the Final Redemption Valuation Date, the 
Determination Agent does the following: 
Step 1: Ordinarily, to calculate the Value per ETC Security for a day the Determination Agent 
would need to look at the db Example Commodity Index level for that day. However, to

--- Page 56 ---
56 
calculate the Value per ETC Security for the Final Redemption Valuation Date the 
Determination Agent does not just look at the db Example Commodity Index level for the 
Final Redemption Valuation Date; instead, it needs to look at that date and the next four 
business days.  
For this example, we will assume that the db Example Commodity Index levels for certain 
selected days in 2060 are as follows: 
Day 
db Example 
Commodity Index 
level 
Wed 31 March 2060 
3250.12 
Fri 16 April 2060 
3256.89 
Mon 19 April 2060 
3258.12 
Tue 20 April 2060 
3258.99 
Wed 21 April 2060 
3259.05 
Thu 22 April 2060 
3258.23 
The Determination Agent needs to calculate the average of the db Example Commodity 
Index levels for Friday 16 April 2060 to Thursday 22 April 2060. To do this it adds up the 
values and then divides by five: 
3256.89 + 3258.12 + 3258.99 + 3259.05 + 3258.23
5
= 3258.26 
Step 2: Using that average, the Determination Agent then needs to calculate the percentage 
increase or decrease in the value of the db Example Commodity Index level since the end 
of the previous calendar month (i.e. since 31 March 2060). In this example, the db Example 
Commodity Index level has risen from 3250.12 to our average value of 3258.26, an increase 
of 8.14. This is a percentage increase of 0.25%.  
Step 3: The Determination Agent then applies the same percentage increase or decrease to 
the Value per ETC Security as it stood at the end of the previous calendar month. For this 
example, let’s assume that the Value per ETC Security on 31 March 2060 was 276.32. 
Therefore, we need to increase 276.32 by 0.25%. This gives a result of 277.01.  
Step 4: The Determination Agent then needs to subtract the aggregate fee charged in 
respect of the ETC Securities since the end of the previous calendar month. This will be 
calculated to (and including) the Final Redemption Valuation Date, a period of 16 days. We 
will assume that the daily fee amount is still 0.003203345, which would mean that 16 days’ 
worth of that fee is equal to 0.05125352. 
The Determination Agent then needs to take that amount off the value it arrived at in Step 3. 
So it needs to take 0.05125352 from 277.01. This gives 276.96. 
In this example, 276.96 will be the Redemption Amount per ETC Security on 30 April 2060.  
The above calculation shows how the Final Redemption Amount of an ETC Security is calculated and 
how it relates to the Value per ETC Security. However, ETC Securities are long-dated securities 
(typically around 50 years from their initial issue date). This means that if an investor wants to realise 
its investment prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date it will need to sell its ETC Securities to a purchaser 
prior to their Scheduled Maturity Date.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
16 
How do I buy and sell ETC Securities? 
Investors can buy and sell ETC Securities in the same manner as they buy and sell other listed 
securities. Investors trading ETC Securities intraday are given a “bid price”, at which the investors 
can sell an ETC Security, and an “offer price” representing the pricing point at which investors can 
buy their ETC Securities in the market.  
The bid and offer prices for ETC Securities at any time are likely to be different than the Value per 
ETC Security. This is because the bid and offer prices reflect market liquidity and other market 
conditions at a particular time, whereas the Value per ETC Security is calculated based on the closing 
price of the commodity Index. 
17 
What fees do I pay?  
There are potentially three fees that apply to a Series of ETC Securities. These are:  
• 
a product fee 
• 
a collateral fee which reflects the cost to the Swap Counterparty of providing collateral under 
the Swap Agreement and 
• 
a swap replication fee or index fee embedded in the terms of the commodity Index. 
The level of these fees may vary from time to time.  
The Product Fee Percentage and the Maximum Product Fee Percentage will be specified in the Final 
Terms for a Series of ETC Securities. For most Series, the Product Fee Percentage is set at 0.45% 
per annum. A lower fee than the Maximum Product Fee Percentage may be charged at the discretion 
of the Programme Swap Counterparty. 
The collateral fee represents the costs to the Swap Counterparty of providing collateral under the 
Swap Agreement. For Gold collateral, the collateral fee percentage is based on the prevailing rate at 
which Gold can be lent between market participants plus a Gold Spread specified in the Final Terms, 
but will be subject to a minimum of 0.10% per annum. For collateral in the form of Eligible Financial 
Instruments, the collateral fee will be the Maximum Collateral Fee Percentage specified in the Final 
Terms or a lower fee at the discretion of the Programme Swap Counterparty. The current Collateral 
Fee Percentage and any proposed change to the percentage shall be published on www.etc.dws.com 
(or its successor). Securityholders will be given not less than 30 calendar days’ prior notice in 
accordance with the Conditions of any change to the Gold Spread or the Collateral Fee Percentage 
relating to Eligible Financial Instruments.  
ETC Securities tracking a benchmark index may also have a swap replication fee. The swap 
replication fee will be the Maximum Swap Replication Fee Percentage specified in the Final Terms or 
a lower fee at the discretion of the Programme Swap Counterparty. The swap replication fee and any 
proposed change to the percentage shall be published on www.etc.dws.com (or its successor). 
Securityholders will be given not less than 30 calendar days’ prior notice in accordance with the 
Conditions of any change to the fee. 
For ETC Securities tracking indices with roll-optimisation and/or using a currency hedge overlay, an 
index fee may be charged instead of the swap replication fee. The index fee and any proposed change 
to the percentage shall be published on www.etc.dws.com (or its successor). 
The fees are charged on a daily basis on the Value per ETC Security as at the last business day of 
the previous calendar month.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
18 
Can my ETC Securities redeem before the Scheduled Maturity Date?  
Yes. There are a number of instances where the ETC Securities might redeem prior to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date. These are: 
• 
if the Issuer exercises its call option 
• 
if the Swap Counterparty exercises its right to terminate the Swap Transaction 
• 
if the Swap Transaction expires in accordance with its terms without being renewed 
• 
upon the occurrence of an Event of Default or other Early Redemption Event. 
Where the ETC Securities redeem early the Early Redemption Amount per ETC Security will be 
calculated in the same manner as the calculation of the Final Redemption Amount described in “How 
do I obtain a return from investing in ETC Securities?” i.e. using an average five business day period 
over which to observe the Index level (other than in certain Swap Counterparty default scenarios 
where the Index level will be observed on one day only). 
19 
When can the Issuer exercise its call option? 
The Issuer may at any time elect to redeem all the ETC Securities of a Series and designate an Early 
Redemption Valuation Date for such purposes, provided that the date designated as the Early 
Redemption Valuation Date may not be earlier than the 60th calendar day following the date of the 
relevant notice from the Issuer.  
20 
When can the Swap Counterparty elect to terminate the Swap Transaction? 
The Swap Counterparty relating to a Series of ETC Securities may, on giving not less than 60 calendar 
days’ irrevocable notice to the Issuer, elect to terminate the Swap Transaction relating to such Series 
of ETC Securities. Such notice may only be delivered if no Swap Counterparty Event of Default (or 
event which, with the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both, would constitute a Swap 
Counterparty Event of Default) or Swap Counterparty Termination Event has occurred and is 
continuing under the Swap Agreement. The Swap Counterparty shall not and is not required to 
consider the interests of Securityholders when exercising any such termination right.  
21 
When might the Swap Transaction expire prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date? 
The Swap Transaction relating to the ETC Securities may have a scheduled term that is less than the 
term of the ETC Securities. No later than 90 calendar days prior to the last day of the initial term or 
previously extended term of the Swap Transaction, as applicable, the Swap Counterparty will, 
pursuant to the terms of the Swap Agreement, elect either to extend the term of the Swap Transaction 
for such additional period as may be agreed between the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty (provided 
that such additional period is not less than one calendar year and not more than the period remaining 
to the Scheduled Maturity Date of the relevant ETC Securities) or for the Swap Transaction to 
terminate when scheduled. The Swap Counterparty has no obligation to consider the interests of the 
Securityholders when deciding whether or not to extend the term of the Swap Transaction. If the Swap 
Counterparty does not elect to extend the term of the Swap Transaction, an Early Redemption Event 
will occur on the scheduled termination date of the Swap Transaction. 
22 
What Events of Default and other Early Redemption Events apply to the ETC Securities? 
The ETC Securities of a Series may become due and payable prior to their Scheduled Maturity Date 
as further described in Conditions 8 and 14 in connection with the occurrence of any of the following 
events: 
• 
certain legal or regulatory changes occur in relation to the Issuer

--- Page 59 ---
59 
• 
the Index Sponsor permanently cancels the Index and the Swap Counterparty determines that 
no Successor Index exists  
• 
the termination of the Swap Agreement, whether as a result of a default by one of the parties, 
for tax reasons, as a result of illegality or a force majeure event or for other reasons. See 
Condition 8(d)(iv) for a description of the circumstances in which the Swap Agreement may be 
terminated or terminate automatically 
• 
the Determination Agent, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Programme Swap Counterparty, 
the Custodian, the Registrar (in the case of ETC Securities in registered form), the Lead 
Authorised Participant and/or all the Authorised Participants, as applicable, resign or their 
appointment is terminated for any reason and the Issuer gives notice that no successor or 
replacement has been appointed within 60 calendar days of the date of the relevant notice of 
resignation or termination or the date of any automatic termination, as applicable 
• 
the Value per ETC Security for such Series is not published for 14 consecutive Non-Disrupted 
Scheduled Valuation Days  
• 
the Value per ETC Security is less than or equal to 10 per cent. of the Issue Price as at the 
Series Issue Date for two consecutive Non-Disrupted Scheduled Valuation Days  
• 
a Securityholder does not, upon request, receive a firm bid price from an Authorised Participant 
for five consecutive Non-Disrupted Scheduled Valuation Days and, following the requisite 
notices being given, such Securityholder does not receive a firm bid price for the relevant ETC 
Securities during a further 20 consecutive Non-Disrupted Scheduled Valuation Day period or 
• 
an Event of Default occurs under the ETC Securities and the Trustee gives the relevant notice. 
23 
What are Disruption Events and why do they matter?  
If, under the Swap Agreement relating to a Series of ETC Securities, the Swap Counterparty gives a 
Disruption Event Notice in respect of a Scheduled Valuation Day, then the publication of the Value 
per ETC Security in respect of such Scheduled Valuation Day will be postponed and the Value per 
ETC Security will be determined using the Closing Index Level determined in respect of such 
Scheduled Valuation Day by the Swap Calculation Agent in accordance with the provisions of the 
Swap Agreement. Such determination may not be for a number of days. Investors should be aware 
that the Closing Index Level determined by the Swap Calculation Agent may differ from the official 
closing index level (if any) determined and published by the relevant Index Sponsor in respect of such 
Scheduled Valuation Day. 
A Disruption Event Notice may be given in connection with the following events: 
• 
the Index Sponsor fails to calculate and announce the Closing Index Level of the Index 
• 
the Index Sponsor permanently cancels the Index 
• 
the material suspension of, or material limitation imposed on trading in any of the component(s) 
of the Index 
• 
the relevant trading facility in respect of any component of the Index is closed for any reason 
• 
the relevant reference price relating to any component of the Index increases or decreases 
from the immediately preceding day’s reference price by the maximum amount permitted by 
the relevant trading facility

--- Page 60 ---
60 
• 
the permanent discontinuation of trading in any component of the Index on the relevant trading 
facility; the disappearance of, or of trading in, any component of the Index; or the 
disappearance or permanent discontinuance or unavailability of the relevant reference price 
for any component and/or 
• 
an event in connection with which the Swap Counterparty or any of its Affiliates is (or would 
be) (A) unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts to: (I) hold, acquire or dispose of 
any component of the Index; (II) enter into, maintain, re-establish or unwind any hedging 
arrangement entered into by (or on behalf of) the Swap Counterparty in connection with the 
Swap Agreement and/or the Credit Support Deed; and/or (III) realise, recover or remit the 
proceeds of any component of the Index and/or hedging arrangement entered into by (or on 
behalf of) the Swap Counterparty in connection with the Swap Agreement and/or the Credit 
Support Deed, or (B) required pursuant to a ruling, direction or other instruction of (I) any 
applicable government, governmental or regulatory body or other relevant institution (including, 
without limitation, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission or any relevant trading facility) 
or (II) the board or internal management of the Swap Counterparty, to unwind or transfer to 
another entity all or part of any hedging arrangement entered into by (or on behalf of) the Swap 
Counterparty in connection with the Swap Agreement and/or the Credit Support Deed. 
If the Swap Counterparty determines that a Disruption Event has occurred or exists with respect to a 
Scheduled Valuation Day, the Swap Counterparty may give a Disruption Event Notice and the Swap 
Calculation Agent will, in accordance with the provisions of the Swap Agreement and the timings set 
out therein, determine the Closing Index Level of the Index in respect of such Scheduled Valuation 
Day by reference to the formula for calculating such Closing Index Level last in effect, subject to the 
provisions of Condition 9(b). 
The delivery of a Disruption Event Notice by the Swap Counterparty and the determinations of the 
Swap Calculation Agent under the Swap Agreement (including, without limitation, the calculation of 
the Closing Index Level) may have an adverse effect on the quantum and on the timing of the 
calculation and publication of the Value per ETC Security of the ETC Securities to which such Swap 
Agreement relates and may result in an adjustment to the Conditions of the ETC Securities and/or 
the early redemption of the ETC Securities. 
24 
What is an Adjustment Event? 
The Swap Counterparty may, on any Scheduled Valuation Day, determine that an Adjustment Event 
has occurred or exists and deliver an Adjustment Event Notice in connection therewith. The 
Adjustment Events include (i) the Index Sponsor cancelling the Index and a Successor Index being 
identified; (ii) the Index Sponsor announcing that it will make a material change in the formula for, or 
the method of, calculating the Index or in any other way materially modifying the Index; and (iii) the 
occurrence of a Disruption Event. 
If an Adjustment Event Notice is delivered, the Swap Calculation Agent may determine in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner that an adjustment to one or more terms of the Swap 
Agreement is appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Swap Transaction of the relevant 
Adjustment Event. If the Swap Calculation Agent makes such a determination, it will determine the 
adjustment(s) to the terms of the Swap Agreement, the Swap Transaction and to the Conditions of 
the ETC Securities in connection therewith and the effective date of such adjustment(s). There can 
be no assurance that any such adjustment made to the Conditions of the ETC Securities to account 
for the economic effect of an Adjustment Event will not have an adverse effect on the Value per ETC 
Security of the ETC Securities.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
25 
When might the Value per ETC Security not be published? 
A Value per ETC Security in respect of a Scheduled Valuation Day may not be published or the 
publication thereof may be delayed if the Swap Counterparty determines that a Disruption Event or 
an Adjustment Event occurs or exists in respect of a Scheduled Valuation Day and the relevant Series 
of ETC Securities and the Swap Counterparty notifies the Issuer and the Determination Agent of its 
determination. In certain circumstances where the Value per ETC Security in respect of a Scheduled 
Valuation Day might otherwise not be calculated, the Value per ETC Security will be deemed to be 
equal to the Value per ETC Security determined in respect of the last preceding Scheduled Valuation 
Day in respect of which a Value per ETC Security was determined and published for the purposes of 
the ETC Securities. 
In relation to the Final Redemption Valuation Date or, if any, the Early Redemption Valuation Date, if 
the Value per ETC Security for the Fee Calculation Reset Day immediately preceding the Final 
Redemption Valuation Date or, as the case may be, the Early Redemption Valuation Date is not 
determined and published in accordance with Condition 5 (other than where such failure occurs in 
connection with the occurrence or existence of a Disruption Event) then the Value per ETC Security 
in respect of such Final Redemption Valuation Date or, as the case may be, Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, shall be deemed to be equal to the Value per ETC Security determined in respect of 
the last Scheduled Valuation Day prior to the Final Redemption Valuation Date or Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, as the case may be, in respect of which a Value per ETC Security was determined 
and published for the purposes of the ETC Securities. If this occurs in relation to the Early Redemption 
Valuation Date or Final Redemption Valuation Date in respect of a Series of ETC Securities, the Early 
Redemption Amount or Final Redemption Amount would not reflect any positive performance of the 
relevant Index subsequent to the last preceding Scheduled Valuation Day in respect of which a Value 
per ETC Security was determined and published for the purposes of the ETC Securities of that Series. 
26 
How much of your investment is at risk?  
All of your investment is at risk if the relevant commodity Index performs poorly.  
27 
Who is the "holder” of ETC Securities? 
If the ETC Securities are held through a clearing system (which will usually be the case if so specified 
in the Final Terms), the legal “holder” will either be the entity nominated by the clearing system as the 
depositary for the ETC Securities or the person entered in the register as the Securityholder. As an 
investor, your rights in relation to the ETC Securities will be governed by the contract you have with 
your broker, custodian or other entity through which you hold your interest in the ETC Securities and 
the contracts they have with the clearing system and any intermediaries in between. Accordingly, 
where this Base Prospectus describes a right as being owed to, or exercisable by, a Securityholder 
then your ability to benefit from or exercise such right will be dependent on the terms of the contracts 
in such chain. 
28 
What rights do Securityholders have against the Issuer? 
Securityholders’ rights include the right to any payments or deliveries payable to holders of ETC 
Securities in accordance with the Conditions. Securityholders may also have the right to make certain 
determinations or decisions (which may sometimes be required to be by a resolution of 
Securityholders or which may simply require a direction in writing by a specified percentage of 
Securityholders) and the Issuer may only take certain actions with respect to the ETC Securities if 
approved by Securityholders. Securityholders should note that, notwithstanding they may be owed 
payments under the ETC Securities, their rights of direct action against the Issuer are limited as the 
right to take such action is generally instead vested in the Trustee (see Question 31 below).

--- Page 62 ---
62 
29 
What are the requirements for exercising Securityholders’ rights in respect of the ETC 
Securities?  
The Conditions specify the requirements for exercising each right in respect of the ETC Securities, 
including the person (if any) that is entitled to enforce such right on behalf of the Securityholders and 
the required percentage of Securityholders (if any) that may direct such person to enforce such right. 
For example, the Conditions specify that only the Trustee may exercise the right to enforce the 
security on behalf of Securityholders if a default in payment by the Issuer has occurred. The 
Securityholders may direct the Trustee to exercise such rights by way of an Extraordinary Resolution 
or in writing by Securityholders of at least one-fifth in number of the relevant Series of ETC Securities 
and provided that the Trustee has been secured and/or pre-funded and/or indemnified to its 
satisfaction. An “Extraordinary Resolution” means a resolution passed at a duly convened meeting 
by a majority consisting of not less than 75% of the votes cast at such meeting or a resolution in 
writing signed by or on behalf of Securityholders of not less than 75% of the aggregate number of 
ETC Securities of that Series. 
30 
How do you exercise a right to vote or enforce your rights in respect of the ETC Securities? 
If the ETC Securities are held through a clearing system then, as rights under the ETC Securities can 
only be exercised by the legal holders (see Question 27 above), you must contact the custodian, 
broker or other entity through which you hold your interest in the ETC Securities if you wish for any 
vote to be cast or direction to be given on your behalf. 
31 
Who can enforce your rights against the Issuer if the Issuer has failed to make a payment on 
the ETC Securities? 
The Issuer has executed a Trust Deed in respect of the ETC Securities, under which it has covenanted 
to the Trustee that it will make the relevant payments due on the ETC Securities. The Trustee holds 
the benefit of this covenant for Securityholders. If the Issuer fails to make a payment or delivery when 
due, only the Trustee may pursue the remedies available under the Trust Deed to enforce the rights 
of the Securityholders, unless the Trustee fails or neglects to do so within a reasonable time after 
having become bound to do so and such failure is continuing. 
32 
Who makes calculations in respect of the ETC Securities? 
The Determination Agent will calculate the Value per ETC Security, Final Redemption Amount and 
Early Redemption Amount in respect of the ETC Securities. 
33 
Who makes calculations in respect of the Index? 
The Index Sponsor is responsible for the composition, calculation and maintenance of the relevant 
commodity Index. The Issuer, the Determination Agent and the other Transaction Parties will use the 
official closing level of the relevant Index published by the relevant Index Sponsor when making 
certain calculations and determinations subject to and in accordance with the Conditions and the 
relevant Transaction Documents relating to the relevant Series of ETC Securities.  
34 
Are there any fees, expenses or taxes to pay when purchasing, holding or selling ETC 
Securities? What other taxes might affect the ETC Securities? 
You may incur fees and expenses in relation to the purchase, holding, transfer and sale of ETC 
Securities. You should also be aware that stamp duties or taxes may have to be paid in accordance 
with the laws and practices of the country where the ETC Securities are transferred.  
You should note that, if the Issuer or any agent is required by applicable law to apply any withholding 
or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties or charges of whatsoever nature, 
it will account to the relevant authorities for the amount so required to be withheld or deducted and

--- Page 63 ---
63 
only pay the net amount after application of such withholding or deduction. None of the Issuer nor 
any agent will be obliged to make any additional payments to you in respect of such withholding or 
deduction.  
You should consult your selling agent for details of fees, expenses, commissions or other costs and 
your own tax advisors in order to understand fully the tax implications specific to investment in any 
ETC Securities. 
35 
Can the Issuer amend the Conditions of ETC Securities once they have been issued without 
your consent? 
The Issuer may amend the Conditions of a Series of ETC Securities without the consent of the 
Securityholders only if the Trustee determines that the relevant amendment is of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or is not materially prejudicial to the interests 
of the Securityholders in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed. Any such determination shall 
be binding on the Securityholders. Any such amendment requires the consent of the Lead Authorised 
Participant and the Programme Swap Counterparty. 
36 
How will the Authorised Participant determine its purchase or sale price of ETC Securities in 
the secondary market? 
The price (if any) provided by an Authorised Participant for the purchase or sale of ETC Securities in 
the secondary market (whether in an on-exchange or off-exchange transaction) will be determined at 
the absolute discretion of that Authorised Participant by reference to such factors as it sees fit. The 
Authorised Participant(s) may maintain such bid/offer spread as it determines in its absolute 
discretion. The bid/offer spread is the difference between the bid price (i.e. the price at which a holder 
can sell ETC Securities to the Authorised Participant) and the offer price (i.e. the price at which a 
holder can buy ETC Securities from the Authorised Participant). Any price provided by an Authorised 
Participant or other secondary market price may take into account fees, charges, duties, taxes, 
commissions and/or other factors. Any price given by an Authorised Participant will be quoted as of 
a particular date and time and will not therefore reflect any subsequent changes in the market price 
of the ETC Securities and/or any other factors relevant to the determination of the price. 
37 
Can ETC Securities be invested in by a UCITS? 
Prospective investors comprising a scheme which is an undertaking for collective investment in 
transferable securities subject to the Council Directive of 13 July 2009 on the coordination of laws, 
regulations and administrative provisions relating to Undertakings for Collective Investment in 
Transferable Securities (No 2009/65/EC) (the “UCITS Directive”), as amended or supplemented, 
need to satisfy themselves that an investment in the ETC Securities would comply with any 
regulations and/or guidelines applicable to them pursuant to the UCITS Directive and any laws, 
regulations or guidelines of their jurisdiction of incorporation and would be in line with their individual 
investment objectives. 
38 
When can Posted Collateral be substituted? 
The type of property comprising the Posted Collateral relating to a Credit Support Deed and a Series 
of ETC Securities as at the Series Issue Date will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Pursuant 
to the terms of the Credit Support Deed, the Swap Counterparty may, in certain limited circumstances 
substitute Posted Collateral comprising Gold for Eligible Collateral comprising of Eligible Financial 
Instruments and vice versa. The Posted Collateral relating to a Credit Support Deed and a Series of 
ETC Securities at any time may only comprise Gold or Eligible Financial Instruments and may not 
comprise of a mixture of Gold and Eligible Financial Instruments. Securityholders will be given not

--- Page 64 ---
64 
less than 30 calendar days’ prior notice of any such substitution. See Condition 11(d) for a description 
of the circumstances in which Posted Collateral may be substituted. 
39 
Do holders of ETC Securities own the Posted Collateral? 
 
Investing in the ETC Securities will not make an investor the owner of any Gold or Eligible Financial 
Instruments comprising the Posted Collateral. Any amounts payable on the ETC Securities will be 
made in cash and the holders of the ETC Securities will have no right to receive delivery of any Gold 
or Eligible Financial Instruments comprising the Posted Collateral at any time. 
40 
Do holders of ETC Securities have any ownership rights in respect of the Index?  
 
Under the Swap Agreement relating to the ETC Securities, the Issuer will have a contractual 
relationship only with the Swap Counterparty. The Swap Agreement will not constitute a purchase or 
other acquisition of any interest in any commodity or commodity futures contract comprising the Index. 
The Issuer and the Trustee, therefore, will have rights solely against the Swap Counterparty in 
accordance with the Swap Agreement and will have no recourse to any commodity or commodity 
futures contract comprising the Index. No Securityholder nor the Issuer nor the Trustee will have any 
rights under the Swap Agreement to acquire any interest in any commodity or commodity futures 
contract comprising the Index.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
DESCRIPTION OF THE COMMODITY INDICES 
The ETC Securities are index linked securities. Prospective investors should note that the amount payable 
in respect of the ETC Securities and the Value per ETC Security of the ETC Securities is linked to the 
performance of the underlying commodity Index specified in the relevant Final Terms, as may be replaced, 
substituted or otherwise adjusted from time to time in accordance with the Conditions.  
Indices 
An Index can be based on one commodity or multiple commodities, and on the spot price or the price of a 
futures contract in relation to each commodity. It would typically employ a specified rolling methodology in 
relation to the periodic replacement of each commodity futures contract and where it was composed of 
multiple commodities would typically employ a specified method of determining the allocation as between 
those commodities and would rebalance their weights periodically. Such an Index might be denominated 
in USD or another currency, might be calculated on an “excess return” or a “total return” basis, and might 
employ hedging, leverage or other features which are explained in the “General” section below. 
Prospective investors should review the information, rules and disclosure published by relevant Index 
Sponsor on its website which will be specified in the Final Terms. 
The Issuer is not incorporating by reference any such website or any material it includes into this document. 
General 
Each Index is linked, at any point in time, to the price of one or more commodities or commodity futures 
contracts. A commodity futures contract is an agreement either (i) to buy or sell a set amount of a physical 
commodity at a predetermined price for delivery within a predetermined delivery period (which is generally 
referred to as a “delivery month”), or (ii) to make or receive a cash payment based on changes in the 
price of the physical commodity. Prices for commodity futures contracts change based on the time until 
the predetermined delivery period (which is sometimes called the “future curve”). Commodity futures 
contracts comprising an index will be replaced with new contracts which have a later delivery date as their 
respective delivery periods approach. 
An Index may be designed to provide exposure to (i) a basket of different commodities or commodity 
futures contracts (whose weights may be constant or rule based) (a “Multiple Commodity Index”) or (ii) 
to a single commodity or commodity futures contract (a “Single Commodity Index”), or (iii) to a basket of 
commodity sub-indices (whose weights may be constant or rule based) (a “Commodity Sub-Indices 
Basket Index”) and, in any case: 
• 
may, in respect of each commodity, reference the spot price of the commodity or the price of one or 
more commodity futures contracts; 
• 
may provide long or short exposure; 
• 
may employ leverage or be unleveraged; 
• 
may employ a target volatility mechanism; 
• 
may be denominated in the base currency of the commodity or another currency, and in the latter 
case may be calculated on a currency hedged or un-hedged basis;  
• 
may or may not be net of index replication costs; 
• 
may be calculated on an “excess return” basis or a “total return” basis; and 
• 
may employ one of the commodity allocation strategies described below.  
These and other features are explained below.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
Each sub-index in a Commodity Sub-Indices Basket Index may be a commodity index having any of the 
features referred to above. 
Long 
An index which provides a long exposure would benefit investors if the price of the commodities or 
commodity futures contracts underlying the Index increases on an aggregate basis and would incur a loss 
to investors if such price decreases. 
Short 
An index which provides a short exposure would benefit investors if the price of the commodities or 
commodity futures contracts underlying the index decreases on an aggregate basis and would incur a loss 
to investors if such price increases. In respect of a commodity, the performance of an index providing a 
short exposure will not be the exact inverse of an index providing a long exposure. The performance will 
diverge depending on the frequency of the rebalancing (see Rebalancing below) of the index with the short 
exposure. 
Leverage 
An index which provides a leveraged exposure will magnify the losses or gains to investors resulting from 
a change in the price of the commodities or commodity futures contracts underlying the index as compared 
to an otherwise identical index that does not employ leverage. In respect of a commodity, the performance 
of an index providing a leveraged exposure will not be an exact multiple of an index providing a non-
leveraged long exposure. The performance may depend on the frequency of the rebalancing of the index 
with the leveraged exposure (see Rebalancing below).  
Excess Return 
The performance of an index calculated on an “excess return” basis reflects the change in value of the 
commodity futures contract referenced by the index over the period under consideration. The excess return 
of an index based on a commodity futures contract is determined by (i) the change in the value of the 
commodity futures contract over the period under consideration and (ii) the roll return that is realised at the 
time of selling an existing commodity futures contract and buying a new commodity futures contract. 
Total Return 
The performance of an index calculated on a “total return” basis is constructed by compounding the returns 
of an excess return index using a pre-determined rate (typically the relevant three-month USD Treasury 
bill rate). 
Spot 
The performance of an index calculated on a “spot return” basis reflects the change in the spot price of the 
commodities referenced by the index. 
Currency Hedged and Un-hedged Indices  
Most commodities and commodities futures contracts are traded in a base currency (typically, but not 
exclusively USD) and therefore most commodity indices have levels that are also referenced in the base 
currency. If a Series of ETC Securities is denominated in a currency other than the base currency, an Index 
may include a currency conversion component to convert a level expressed in the base currency into a 
level in the same currency as the ETC Securities. The level of such Index may reflect the effect of a rolling 
currency hedge (a “Hedged Index”) or may not contain this element (an “Unhedged Index”).

--- Page 67 ---
67 
After Costs 
Each level of an Index may be net of index replication costs (“after costs”). Index replication costs are the 
costs that the relevant index sponsor charges for compiling and running the relevant index and are stated 
in the relevant index description and rules published by the relevant index sponsor. 
Target Volatility 
Target volatility is a mechanism that may be employed with respect to an index with a view to 
monitor/control the risk by maintaining the volatility of such index around a pre-determined target volatility 
level. The relevant index sponsor determines the notional exposure of the index to the relevant underlying 
commodity or commodities based on the ratio of the pre-determined target volatility level to the realised 
volatility level over a pre-determined period of time as described in the relevant index description, and 
rebalances the notional exposure of the index on a periodic basis. 
Commodity Allocation 
The weight of different commodities, commodities futures contracts or commodity sub-indices in an index 
can be fixed or variable as determined by the rules outlined in the relevant index description. Index weights 
may be determined by a rule-based mechanism or through a discretionary mechanism as detailed in the 
relevant index description. The following are some of the mechanisms which may be used: 
Fixed Units Strategies 
The units notionally invested in the underlying commodities or commodity futures contracts are fixed on 
the start date of the index and are not subject to changes. This type of index is not rebalanced on a periodic 
basis.  
Fixed Weight Strategies 
This type of index is characterised by a fixed, pre-specified weight “Base Weight” for each index 
component. Since the actual weight of each component changes as the relative price of the various 
components change, this type of index is rebalanced back to the Base Weights on a periodic basis. The 
Base Weights may change in exceptional circumstances to reflect structural changes in commodity 
markets or regulatory requirements.  
Booster Strategies 
This type of index aims to match the composition of a specified third party index, however a different roll 
strategy is employed. The index weights are rebalanced on a periodic basis (typically annually) to match 
the weights of the commodities in the relevant third party index. If an ad hoc rebalancing occurs under the 
third party index during the year, a corresponding ad hoc rebalancing will occur in the index. If a commodity 
is added or removed from the third party index, this will be replicated by the index. 
Mean Reversion Strategies 
Indices employing mean reversion rebalancing mechanics are based on the idea that commodity prices 
tend to oscillate around a (potentially time dependent) long term “fair” value. On a rebalancing date, the 
weight of a given index component is typically reduced if, according to a pre-specified measure, short term 
prices are deemed to be “expensive”, on an absolute or relative basis, with respect to its long term “fair” 
value. Similarly, an index component weight is typically increased if short term price measures indicate 
that the commodity is “cheap” with respect to its long term “fair” value. This type of index is rebalanced on 
a periodic basis.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
Risk Weighted Strategies 
This type of index aims to achieve a pre-specified level of risk for each underlying component. The way in 
which risk is measured is specified in advance and is typically a function of the volatilities and correlations 
of the various index components. Weights are adjusted on each rebalancing date in such a way so as to 
minimize the difference between actual and target risk levels for each index component. This type of index 
is rebalanced on a periodic basis. 
Momentum Strategies 
This type of strategy aims to take advantage of a directional price trend in a single or a group of index 
components. If a positive price trend is detected (using a pre-specified measure), the weight of such 
component is typically increased on the relevant rebalancing date. Conversely, if a negative price trend is 
detected, the weight of such component is typically decreased. The weight of each component may be 
positive or, if permitted under the index rules, negative. This type of index is rebalanced on a periodic 
basis. 
Alpha/Relative Value Strategies 
This type of strategy typically consists of a series of long positions (positive weight) in one or more index 
components offset by a series of short positions (negative weight) in one or more index components. For 
example, such indices may assign a positive weight to one futures contract and a negative weight to some 
other futures contract for the same commodity However, it is also possible for certain commodities to have 
only positive weights and for others to have only negative weights. This type of index is rebalanced on a 
periodic basis. 
Mixed Strategies 
This type of index may employ more than one of the strategies outlined above at any point in time. Two or 
more of these strategies may be used at the same time. Alternatively, the index may specify in advance 
criteria to switch from one strategy or one group of strategies to another under certain circumstances. This 
type of index is typically rule-based and is rebalanced on a periodic basis. 
Managed Strategies 
Managed Strategies are similar to Mixed Strategies but the weights of each index component (e.g. a futures 
contract or a commodity sub-index) are not rule-based but are typically determined by a manager or an 
index allocation agent or may be linked to some research publication. Managed strategies may employ a 
combination of simpler strategies like Momentum, Mean Reversion, etc. 
Rebalancing 
The notional exposure of commodities, commodities futures contracts or commodity sub-indices in a 
basket index will be rebalanced on a periodic basis to either fixed weights or variable weights (see 
Commodity Allocation above) as detailed in the relevant index description.  
Roll mechanism 
If the underlying of an index is a commodity futures contract, then the index will employ a roll mechanism 
that will determine how an existing commodity futures contract will be replaced (i.e. notionally sold and 
purchased) with another commodity futures contract which has a later delivery date. Below are some of 
the roll mechanisms which may be used: 
Pre-specified Roll Schedule  
The roll schedule is fully deterministic. The replacement contract in respect of a futures contract with a 
given delivery date is specified in advance and it is not dependent on market factors.

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
Rule-based Roll Schedule  
The roll schedule is not known in advance but it is based on a pre-specified rule which depends, in general, 
on various market variables such as, but not limited to, forward curves, volatilities, liquidity parameters etc. 
The following are rules-based rolling mechanisms: 
Optimum Yield Roll Mechanism 
The Optimum Yield (OY) strategy employs a rule-based roll mechanism which aims to maximise positive 
and minimise negative roll returns. During a roll period the existing futures contract for the relevant 
commodity is replaced by the futures contract with the highest implied roll yield among a set of eligible 
future contracts with later expiries. The “implied roll yield” of an eligible futures contract is defined as: 
 
 
 
 
where 
 is the price of the existing contract, 
 is the price of eligible contract “i” and “daycount” is the 
number of calendar days between the expiry dates of the existing contract and eligible contract “i” divided 
by 365. 
Optimum Yield Enhanced Roll Mechanism 
The Optimum Yield Enhanced (OYE) strategy is a rule-based strategy similar to the OY in that it seeks to 
maximise positive and minimise negative roll returns. The OYE methodology is different from the OY 
methodology primarily in two ways:  
(i) 
For each commodity the relevant index is notionally invested at any point of time in a 
basket of three futures contracts (of short, medium and long duration) rather than a 
single futures contract. As futures contracts in the basket come closer to expiration, they 
are replaced with contracts with later expiries determined by a pre-specified roll 
schedule.  
(ii) 
For each commodity, the OYE strategy selects on a periodic basis the weights to assign 
to the three eligible futures contracts in the basket based on their “volatility adjusted 
implied roll yields”. The implied roll yield of each eligible contract is determined in 
accordance with the formula in the paragraph above, except that for 
 it uses the 
price of a reference short dated contract (“Spot Contract”). For each roll period the Spot 
Contract is the same for all eligible contracts. The implied roll yield of each eligible 
contract is then rescaled by the volatility of the difference between a) the daily price 
returns of such eligible contract and b) the daily price returns of the Spot Contract.  
Additional information about the OY and OYE methodology as well as a detailed description of the 
commodity indices and sub-indices employing such methodology, their performance and volatility is 
available on the following website: https://index.db.com. The Issuer is not incorporating by reference the 
website or any material it includes into this document. 
1
1
0
−






daycount
i
P
P
0
P
i
P
0
P

--- Page 70 ---
70 
MASTER TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ETC SECURITIES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the ETC Securities. Either (i) the full text of 
these terms and conditions together with the relevant provisions of Part A of the relevant Final Terms or 
(ii) these terms and conditions as so completed (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-
applicable provisions) shall be endorsed on the Bearer Securities. For the avoidance of doubt, the blanks 
in the text of these terms and conditions shall be deemed to be completed by the information contained in 
the relevant Final Terms as if such information were inserted in such provisions; alternative or optional 
provisions in these terms and conditions which are not specified or which are expressly disapplied or 
deleted in the relevant Final Terms shall be deemed to be deleted from these terms and conditions; and 
all provisions of these terms and conditions which are inapplicable to the ETC Securities (including 
instructions, explanatory notes and text set out in square brackets) shall be deemed to be deleted from 
these terms and conditions, as required to give effect to the terms of the relevant Final Terms. References 
in these terms and conditions to “ETC Securities” are to the ETC Securities of one Series only, not to all 
ETC Securities that may be issued under the Programme. 
Italicised wording contained in these Conditions is included as instructions, guidance or disclosure only 
and does not form part of the Conditions of the ETC Securities.  
A non-binding translation of the following text of the terms and conditions may be prepared in relation to 
this Series of ETC Securities. The English language version of the terms and conditions shall be binding 
and prevail in all circumstances. Any such translations will not be reviewed and approved by the FCA or 
the UK Listing Authority or any another similar body in any other jurisdiction. 
Copies of the relevant Issue Deed, the Master Trust Terms, the Master Security Terms, the Master Terms 
and Conditions, the Master Custody Terms, the Master Agency Terms, the Master Determination Agent 
Terms, the Master Authorised Participant Terms and the Master Swap and Credit Support Terms referred 
to in these terms and conditions are available for inspection during normal business hours at the specified 
office of the Issuer, the Trustee, the Issuing and Paying Agent [If Uncertificated Registered Securities, text 
will apply or be inserted –, the Registrar] and at the specified offices of each of the Paying Agents and will 
be sent to a prospective or current Securityholder on request to the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent 
[If Uncertificated Registered Securities, text will apply or be inserted –, the Registrar] or a Paying Agent. 
References to any time in the Conditions or any Transaction Document are expressed using the 24-hour-
clock convention. References in the Conditions or any Transaction Document to a party publishing any 
value, rate, level, notice or other information shall be deemed to include any agent, delegate or appointee 
of such party publishing such value, rate, level, notice or other information on behalf of that party. 
1 
Definitions 
In the Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below: 
“Accrued Fee” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(b). 
“Additional Swap Termination Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(iv)(C). 
“Adjustment Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(e)(ii).  
“Adjustment Event Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(e)(i).  
“Adjustment Terms Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(e)(iii).  
“Affiliate” means, in relation to any person or entity, any other person or entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the person or entity, any other person or entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the person

--- Page 71 ---
71 
or entity or any other person or entity directly or indirectly under common control with the person or entity. 
For these purposes, “control” of any entity or person means the power, directly or indirectly, either to (a) 
vote 10 per cent. or more of the securities having ordinary voting power for the election of directors of the 
relevant person or entity or (b) direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such person 
or entity whether by contract or otherwise. 
“Agency Agreement” means the agency agreement dated on or about the Series Issue Date of the ETC 
Securities entered into by the Issuer, the Trustee, the Issuing and Paying Agent[,]/[and] the Paying 
Agents[If Uncertificated Registered Securities, text will apply or be inserted – and the Registrar] and any 
other parties thereto by the execution of the Issue Deed and in the form of the Master Agency Terms (as 
amended and/or supplemented by the Issue Deed) and as such Agency Agreement is amended, 
supplemented, novated or replaced from time to time. 
“Agent Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(v). 
“Agent Redemption Event Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(v). 
“Agents” means the Determination Agent, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Custodian, the Paying Agents 
[If Uncertificated Registered Securities text will apply or be inserted –, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents] 
and any Liquidation Agent or any of them and such other agent(s) as may be appointed from time to time 
in relation to the ETC Securities under the Agency Agreement by acceding to the Issue Deed and the 
Agency Agreement or the Custody Agreement or the Determination Agent Agreement or any other 
agreement with the Issuer under which such agent is appointed from time to time in relation to the ETC 
Securities, as applicable, and any successor or replacement thereto and “Agent” means any of them. 
“AP Bid Price Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(ix). 
“AP Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(ix). 
“AP Redemption Event Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(ix). 
“Appointee” has the meaning given to it in Condition 20(y). 
“Arranger” means Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch in its capacity as arranger under the Programme 
and any successor and/or replacement thereto. 
“Arranger Bankruptcy Event” means (i) the Arranger becomes incapable of acting, is dissolved (other 
than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger), is adjudged bankrupt or insolvent, files a 
voluntary petition in bankruptcy, makes a general assignment, arrangement or composition with or for the 
benefit of its creditors, consents to the appointment of a receiver, administrator, liquidator or other similar 
official of either the entity or all or substantially all of its assets or admits in writing its inability to pay or 
meet its debts as they mature or suspends payment thereof, or if a resolution is passed or an order made 
for the winding-up, official management, liquidation or dissolution of such entity (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger), a receiver, administrator, liquidator or other similar official of 
either the entity or all or substantially all of its assets is appointed, a court order is entered approving a 
petition filed by or against it under applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, or a public officer takes charge 
or control of the entity or its property or affairs for the purpose of liquidation, and/or (ii) an ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee announces that it has resolved that a Bankruptcy Credit Event (as 
defined in the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (as supplemented from time to time)) has occurred 
with respect to the Arranger. 
“Authorised Participant” means (i) [name of each Authorised Participant appointed as at the Series Issue 
Date for the ETC Securities to be specified in Final Terms]; and (ii) any Eligible Authorised Participant that 
is appointed as an Authorised Participant for this Series of ETC Securities under the Authorised Participant

--- Page 72 ---
72 
Agreement by acceding to the Issue Deed and the Authorised Participant Agreement, and any successor 
or replacement thereto. 
“Authorised Participant Agreement” means the authorised participant agreement dated on or about the 
Series Issue Date of the ETC Securities entered into by the Issuer, the Swap Counterparty, the Lead 
Authorised Participant, each Authorised Participant and any other parties thereto by the execution of the 
Issue Deed and in the form of the Master Authorised Participant Terms (as amended and/or supplemented 
by the Issue Deed) and as such Authorised Participant Agreement is amended, supplemented, novated or 
replaced from time to time. 
“Authorised Participant Bankruptcy Event” means with respect to an Authorised Participant (i) such 
Authorised Participant becomes incapable of acting, is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger), is adjudged bankrupt or insolvent, files a voluntary petition in bankruptcy, makes 
a general assignment, arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors, consents to the 
appointment of a receiver, administrator, liquidator or other similar official of either the entity or all or 
substantially all of its assets or admits in writing its inability to pay or meet its debts as they mature or 
suspends payment thereof, or if a resolution is passed or an order made for the winding-up, official 
management, liquidation or dissolution of such entity (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger), a receiver, administrator, liquidator, or other similar official of either the entity or 
all or substantially all of its assets is appointed, a court order is entered approving a petition filed by or 
against it under applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, or a public officer takes charge or control of the 
entity or its property or affairs for the purpose of liquidation, and/or (ii) an ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee announces that it has resolved that a Bankruptcy Credit Event (as defined in 
the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (as supplemented from time to time)) has occurred with 
respect to such Authorised Participant. 
“Automatic Additional Swap Termination Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(iv)(D). 
“Average Redemption Closing Index Level” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(b). 
“Bank” has the meaning given to it in Condition 12(b). 
“Base Currency” has the meaning given to it in Annex 2 to the Conditions. 
“Base Currency Equivalent” has the meaning given to it in Annex 2 to the Conditions. 
“Bearer Securities” means ETC Securities issued in bearer form. 
“Bid Price Request Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(ix). 
“Bid Price Request Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(ix). 
“Bid Price Request Period End Date” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(ix). 
“Buy-Back Order” means a request from an Authorised Participant delivered to the Issuer for the Issuer 
to buy back from the Authorised Participant ETC Securities and which the Determination Agent determines 
is valid in accordance with the Authorised Participant Agreement. 
“Buy-Back Redemption Amount” means, in respect of a purchase of an ETC Security by the Issuer, an 
amount per ETC Security determined by the Determination Agent equal to the Value per Security in respect 
of the relevant Buy-Back Trade Date minus a pro rata share of the Swap Unwind Costs (if any). 
“Buy-Back Settlement Date” means, subject to Condition 9(c), the second Scheduled Valuation Day after 
the related Buy-Back Trade Date.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
“Buy-Back Trade Date” means a Scheduled Valuation Day on which a Buy-Back Order is determined to 
be valid and accepted by or on behalf of the Issuer in accordance with the terms of the Authorised 
Participant Agreement. 
[If Bearer Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “CGN” means a Global Security in classic global note 
form.] 
“Change to Tax Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(iv)(F). 
“Clearing System” means (i) CREST, (ii) Euroclear, (iii) Clearstream, Frankfurt, (iv) Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or (v) any other recognised clearing system in which ETC Securities of a Series may be 
cleared. 
[If Uncertificated Registered Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Clearing System Business Day” 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 12(b).] 
“Clearstream, Frankfurt” means Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt and any successor thereto. 
“Clearstream, Luxembourg” means Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, Luxembourg and any 
successor thereto. 
“Closing Index Level” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(b). 
“Closing Index Valuation Period” means the period from (and including) the Final Redemption Valuation 
Date or, as applicable, the Early Redemption Valuation Date to (and including) the last Observation Date. 
“Collateral Fee Percentage” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(b).  
“Collateral Switch Date” means, in respect of a substitution of Posted Collateral in the form of Gold for 
Eligible Financial Instruments, the Fee Calculation Reset Date on and from which such substitution 
becomes effective. 
“Commodity Futures Trading Commission” means the Commodity Futures Trading Commission 
created by the United States congress in 1974 as an independent agency with the mandate to regulate 
commodity futures and option markets in the United States and any successor or similar body thereto. 
“Commodity Regulatory Body” means any government, commission, regulatory body or agency that has 
authority to regulate any of the following: commodities, commodity futures contracts, commodity options 
and/or transactions on or relating to commodities, commodity futures contracts, commodity options and 
commodity indices in any relevant jurisdiction. 
“Component” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(a)(iii). 
“Component Commodity Reference Price” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(a)(v). 
“Conditions” means these terms and conditions as supplemented or varied in accordance with the 
provisions of Part A of the relevant Final Terms. 
“Corporate Administrator” means, with respect to the Issuer, Deutsche International Corporate Services 
Limited whose registered office is at St. Paul’s Gate, New Street, St. Helier, Jersey, JE4 8ZB, Channel 
Islands and any successor or replacement thereto. 
“Credit Support Deed” means the credit support deed relating to the Swap Agreement dated on or about 
the Series Issue Date of the ETC Securities entered into by the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty by the 
execution of the Issue Deed and in the form of the 1995 ISDA Credit Support Deed (Bilateral Form – 
Security Interest) published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. together with 
paragraph 13 thereto on the terms set out in the Master Swap and Credit Support Terms as amended

--- Page 74 ---
74 
and/or supplemented by the Issue Deed and as such Credit Support Deed is amended, supplemented, 
novated or replaced from time to time.  
“Credit Support Document” means the Credit Support Deed. 
“Credit Support Provider” means any person specified as such with respect to a specified party in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“CREST” means the system for the paperless settlement of trades and the holding of uncertificated 
securities operated by EUI in accordance with the Uncertificated Regulations, as amended from time to 
time and any successor thereto. 
“CSD Valuation Agent” has the meaning given to it in Annex 2 to the Conditions. 
“Custodian” means Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch and any successor or replacement thereto. 
“Custodian Bankruptcy Event” means (i) the Custodian becomes incapable of acting, is dissolved (other 
than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger), is adjudged bankrupt or insolvent, files a 
voluntary petition in bankruptcy, makes a general assignment, arrangement or composition with or for the 
benefit of its creditors, consents to the appointment of a receiver, administrator, liquidator or other similar 
official of either the entity or all or substantially all of its assets or admits in writing its inability to pay or 
meet its debts as they mature or suspends payment thereof or, if a resolution is passed or an order made 
for the winding-up, official management, liquidation or dissolution of such entity (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger), a receiver, administrator, liquidator or other similar official of 
either the entity or all or substantially all of its assets is appointed, a court order is entered approving a 
petition filed by or against it under applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, or a public officer takes charge 
or control of the entity or its property or affairs for the purpose of liquidation, and/or (ii) an ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee announces that it has resolved that a Bankruptcy Credit Event (as 
defined in the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (as supplemented from time to time)) has occurred 
with respect to the Custodian. 
“Custody Agreement” means the custody agreement dated on or about the Series Issue Date of the ETC 
Securities entered into by the Issuer and the Custodian and any other parties thereto by the execution of 
the Issue Deed and in the form of the Master Custody Terms (as amended and/or supplemented by the 
Issue Deed) and as such Custody Agreement is amended, supplemented, novated or replaced from time 
to time. 
“Definitive Securities” means Bearer Securities in definitive form and includes any replacement ETC 
Security issued pursuant to these Conditions. 
“Determination Agent” means Deutsche International Corporate Services (Ireland) Limited and any 
successor or replacement thereto. 
“Determination Agent Agreement” means the determination agent agreement dated on or about the 
Series Issue Date of the ETC Securities entered into by the Issuer, the Determination Agent, the 
Programme Swap Counterparty and any other parties thereto by the execution of the Issue Deed and in 
the form of the Master Determination Agent Terms (as amended and/or supplemented by the Issue Deed) 
and as such Determination Agent Agreement is amended, supplemented, novated or replaced from time 
to time. 
“Determination Agent Bankruptcy Event” means (i) the Determination Agent becomes incapable of 
acting, is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger), is adjudged bankrupt 
or insolvent, files a voluntary petition in bankruptcy, makes a general assignment, arrangement or 
composition with or for the benefit of its creditors, consents to the appointment of a receiver, administrator, 
liquidator or other similar official of either the entity or all or substantially all of its assets or admits in writing

--- Page 75 ---
75 
its inability to pay or meet its debts as they mature or suspends payment thereof or, if a resolution is passed 
or an order made for the winding-up, official management, liquidation or dissolution of such entity (other 
than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger), a receiver, administrator, liquidator or other 
similar official of either the entity or all or substantially all of its assets is appointed, a court order is entered 
approving a petition filed by or against it under applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, or a public officer 
takes charge or control of the entity or its property or affairs for the purpose of liquidation, and/or (ii) an 
ISDA Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee announces that it has resolved that a Bankruptcy 
Credit Event (as defined in the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (as supplemented from time to 
time)) has occurred with respect to the Determination Agent. 
“Determination Agent Bankruptcy Event Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 12(d)(iii). 
“Determination Agent Breach” has the meaning given to it in Condition 12(f).  
“Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch” means Deutsche Bank AG acting through its London branch and 
any successor thereto. 
“Disappearance of Component Commodity Reference Price” has the meaning given to it in Condition 
9(a)(vi). 
“Disruption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(a). 
“Disruption Event Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(b). 
“Early Redemption Amount” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(b). 
“Early Redemption Date” means, the earlier of: (a) two London Business Days after the first day on which 
no sums remain owing to the Issuer in respect of the Swap Agreement following the relevant Early 
Redemption Valuation Date; and (b) the day falling 60 calendar days after the relevant Early Redemption 
Valuation Date (or, if such day is not a London Business Day, the first following London Business Day). 
“Early Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d). 
“Early Redemption Valuation Date” means: 
(i) 
in relation to an Early Redemption Event (other than a Scheduled Swap Redemption Event) the 
date of the occurrence of the Early Redemption Event as specified in Condition 8(c) or 8(d), as 
applicable;  
(ii) 
in relation to a Scheduled Swap Redemption Event, three Scheduled Valuation Days prior to the 
scheduled termination date of the Swap Transaction; and 
(iii) 
in relation to an Event of Default, the Scheduled Valuation Day following the date of the notice from 
the Trustee given to the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty pursuant to Condition 14. 
“Eligible Authorised Participant” means any bank or financial institution (which for these purposes shall 
include any leading dealer or broker in instruments similar to the ETC Securities) incorporated, domiciled 
and regulated in an OECD country with a rating equal to the Eligible Authorised Participant Threshold 
Rating or higher (or the equivalent rating from any other Rating Agency). 
“Eligible Authorised Participant Threshold Rating” means the rating of the relevant Rating Agency 
specified in the Final Terms. 
“Eligible Collateral” means, subject to the requirements of the Credit Support Deed as described in Annex 
2 to the Conditions, Gold or Eligible Financial Instruments which satisfy the eligibility requirements 
described in Annex 2, as such Annex may be amended and/or supplemented from time to time by 
agreement of the Issuer and the Programme Swap Counterparty.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
“Eligible Counterparty” means any bank or financial institution (which for these purposes shall include 
any leading dealer or broker in commodity and commodity index swap transactions) incorporated, 
domiciled and regulated in an OECD country with a rating equal to the Eligible Counterparty Threshold 
Rating or higher (or the equivalent rating from any other Rating Agency) or having the benefit of an 
enforceable guarantee from an Affiliate with a rating equal to the Eligible Counterparty Threshold Rating 
or higher (or the equivalent rating from any other Rating Agency). 
“Eligible Counterparty Threshold Rating” means the rating of the relevant Rating Agency specified in 
the Final Terms. 
“Eligible Custodian” means any bank or financial institution whose business includes the provision of 
custodial services and which (i) is incorporated, domiciled and regulated as a custodian in an OECD 
country, (ii) has a rating equal to the Eligible Custodian Threshold Rating or higher (or the equivalent rating 
from any other Rating Agency) and (iii) if the Posted Collateral comprises Gold, is an LBMA member, if 
applicable. 
“Eligible Custodian Threshold Rating” means the rating of the relevant Rating Agency specified in the 
Final Terms. 
“Eligible Financial Instruments” means any of the financial instruments specified in Annex 2 to these 
Conditions, as such Annex 2 may be supplemented or amended from time to time by agreement of the 
Issuer and the Programme Swap Counterparty, provided that not less than 30 calendar days’, prior notice 
is given in accordance with Condition 19 to Securityholders of any change to such Annex. 
“Employee Benefit Plan” has the meaning given to it in Condition 16(f). 
“ERISA” has the meaning given to it in Condition 16(f). 
“ETC Securities” has the meaning given to it in Condition 2. 
“ETC Securities Swap Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(x). 
“EUI” means Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited (formerly known as CRESTCO Limited) incorporated in 
England and Wales under number 2878738 and whose registered office as at the Series Issue Date is at 
33 Cannon Street, London EC4M 5SB and any successor thereto. 
“Euroclear” means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. and any successor thereto. 
“Event of Default” has the meaning given to it in Condition 14. 
“Event of Default Redemption Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 14. 
“Excess Credit Support Property” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(d)(iii). 
[If Bearer Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Exchange Date” has the meaning given to it in 
Condition 3.] 
“Extended Swap Term” has the meaning given to it in Condition 11(c). 
“Extraordinary Resolution” means a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held in 
accordance with the Trust Deed by a majority of at least 75 per cent. of the votes cast, provided that a 
resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. of the aggregate 
number of the ETC Securities who for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting held in 
accordance with the Trust Deed shall, for all purposes, be as valid and effectual as an Extraordinary 
Resolution passed at a meeting of such Securityholders duly convened and held in accordance with the 
relevant provisions of the Trust Deed. 
“FCA” means the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority under the FSMA and any successor thereto.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
“Fee Calculation Reset Day” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(b). 
“Final Redemption Amount” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(a). 
“Final Redemption Valuation Date” means ten Scheduled Valuation Days prior to the Scheduled Maturity 
Date which is expected to be [To be specified in Final Terms – ●] (with the tenth Scheduled Valuation Day 
prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date being the “Scheduled Final Redemption Valuation Date”) or such 
higher number of Scheduled Valuation Days prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date notified by the Swap 
Counterparty to the Issuer and the Determination Agent by no later than 14:00 London time on the 40th 
London Business Day prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date (subject to a maximum of 35). 
“Final Terms” means the final terms issued specifying the relevant issue details of the ETC Securities, in 
the form set out in the Issue Deed relating to such ETC Securities or such other form as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the Arranger. 
“Fitch” means Fitch Ratings Limited and any successor thereto. 
“FSMA” means the United Kingdom Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 as amended and/or 
supplemented from time to time. 
“General Business Day” means a day on which commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits). 
[If a German Paying Agent is applicable, to be specified in Final Terms – “German Paying Agent” means 
[Deutsche Bank AG, Frankfurt][●] and any successor or replacement Paying Agent appointed under the 
Agency Agreement.] 
[If Bearer Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Global Security” means the ETC Securities in bearer 
form represented by a global security.] 
“GOFO” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(b). 
“Gold” means allocated gold bars complying with the rules of the London Bullion Market Association 
relating to good delivery and fineness from time to time in effect. 
“Gold Price” has the meaning given to it in Annex 2 to the Conditions. 
“Gold Spread” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(b). 
“Hedging Disruption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(a)(vii). 
“holder” has the meaning given to it in Condition 2. 
“Index” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(b). 
“Index Cancellation Disruption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(a)(ii). 
“Index Cancellation No Successor Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(ii). 
“Index Cancellation Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(ii). 
“Index Disruption” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(a)(i). 
“Index Sponsor” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(b). 
“Initial Early Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(b). 
“Initial Swap Term” has the meaning given to it in Condition 11(c). 
“Issue Date” means the issue date of the relevant Tranche of ETC Securities being in respect of this 
Tranche [To be specified in Final Terms – ●].

--- Page 78 ---
78 
“Issue Deed” means the issue deed in respect of this Series of ETC Securities dated on or about the 
Series Issue Date made between, inter alios, the Issuer, the Trustee and the other parties specified therein 
as amended, supplemented, novated or replaced from time to time. 
“Issue Price per ETC Security” means: 
(i) 
on the Series Issue Date, the Issue Price per ETC Security [To be specified in Final Terms – 
[is]/[was] ●]]; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any subsequent Tranche of the ETC Securities issued after the Series Issue Date, the 
Value per ETC Security (as determined by the Determination Agent and published on the website 
maintained on behalf of the Issuer at www.etc.db.com or such other website notified by the Issuer 
for such Series of ETC Securities from time to time) in respect of the Subscription Trade Date 
relating to such Tranche [which as at the Issue Date of this Tranche of ETC Securities is equal to 
●][as specified in the Final Terms relating to such Tranche]. 
“Issuer” means DB ETC Index plc, a public limited liability company incorporated in Jersey with registration 
number 103783. 
“Issuer Administration Agreement” means the administration agreement in respect of the Programme 
dated 19 January 2010 and amended and restated on 26 January 2010 entered into by the Issuer and the 
Corporate Administrator as amended, supplemented, novated or replaced from time to time. 
“Issuer Call Notice Period” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(c). 
“Issuer Call Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(c). 
“Issuer Call Redemption Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(c). 
“Issuer Change in Law or Regulation Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 
8(d)(i). 
“Issuer Delegation Agreement” means the delegation agreement relating to the Issuer Administration 
Agreement dated 26 January 2010 entered into by the Issuer, the Corporate Administrator and Elian SPV 
Services Limited as amended, supplemented, novated or replaced from time to time. 
“Issuer Redemption Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(i). 
“Issuer Series Fees and Expenses” means the Series Overheads, the Series Fee and, without 
duplication, the Series’ pro rata share of the general operating costs and expenses of the Issuer accrued 
and unpaid as at the date of redemption of the ETC Securities which shall include, without limitation, the 
fees, costs and expenses of the directors of the Issuer and the Corporate Administrator, in each case to 
the extent not paid by the Arranger when due and payable in accordance with the Programme Proposal 
Agreement following the occurrence of an Arranger Bankruptcy Event. 
“Issuer Swap Event of Default” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(iv)(B). 
“Issuing and Paying Agent” means Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch and any successor or 
replacement thereto. 
“LBMA” means The London Bullion Market Association and any successor thereto. 
“Lead Authorised Participant” means Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch and any successor or 
replacement thereto. 
“Lease Rate” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(b). 
“LIBOR Rate” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(b).

--- Page 79 ---
79 
“Limit Price Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(a)(v). 
“Liquidation Agent” means, any agent appointed to act as Liquidation Agent by the Issuer in respect of 
the ETC Securities pursuant to Condition 6(d). 
“London Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments in London. 
“Loss” means any loss, liability, cost, claim, damages, expense (including, but not limited to, legal costs 
and expenses) or demand (or actions in respect thereof), judgment, interest on any judgment, assessment, 
fees or amounts paid in settlement of any action or claim. 
“Master Agency Terms” means the master agency terms version number [To be specified in Final Terms 
– ●] dated [To be specified in Final Terms – ●] relating to the Programme. 
“Master Agency Terms for Uncertificated Registered Securities” means the master agency terms for 
uncertificated registered securities version number [To be specified in Final Terms – ●] dated [To be 
specified in Final Terms – ●] relating to the Programme. 
“Master Authorised Participant Terms” means the master authorised participant terms version number 
[To be specified in Final Terms – ●] dated [To be specified in Final Terms – ●] relating to the Programme. 
“Master Custody Terms” means the master custody terms version number [To be specified in Final Terms 
– ●] dated [To be specified in Final Terms – ●] relating to the Programme. 
“Master Determination Agent Terms” means the master determination agent terms version number [To 
be specified in Final Terms – ●] dated [To be specified in Final Terms – ●] relating to the Programme. 
“Master Security Terms” means the master security terms version number [To be specified in Final Terms 
– ●] dated [To be specified in Final Terms – ●] relating to the Programme. 
“Master Swap and Credit Support Terms” means the master swap and credit support terms version 
number [To be specified in Final Terms – ●] dated [To be specified in Final Terms – ●] relating to the 
Programme. 
“Master Terms and Conditions” means the master terms and conditions version number [To be specified 
in Final Terms – ●] dated [To be specified in Final Terms – ●] relating to the Programme. 
“Master Trust Terms” means the master trust terms [If Bearer Securities, text will apply or be inserted – 
for bearer securities]/[If Uncertificated Registered Securities text will apply or be inserted – for 
uncertificated registered securities] version number [To be specified in Final Terms – ●] dated [To be 
specified in Final Terms – ●] relating to the Programme. 
“Maximum Collateral Fee Percentage for Eligible Financial Instruments” has the meaning given to it 
in Condition 5(b). 
“Maximum Gold Spread” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(b). 
“Maximum Product Fee Percentage” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(b). 
“Minimum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(a). 
[If Swap Replication Fee Percentage is Applicable, text will apply or be inserted – “Maximum Swap 
Replication Fee Percentage” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(b).] 
“Moody’s” means Moody’s Investors Service and any successor thereto. 
“New York Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments in New York, United States of America.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
[If Bearer Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “NGN” means a Global Security in new global note 
form.] 
“Non-Disrupted Scheduled Valuation Day” means a Scheduled Valuation Day in respect of which the 
Swap Counterparty has not delivered a Disruption Event Notice. 
“Non-Trading Day Disruption” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(a)(iv). 
“Obligor” means each person that has an obligation to the Issuer pursuant to the Secured Property. 
“Observation Date” means (i) if an Early Redemption Event in the form of a Swap Counterparty 
Bankruptcy Event of Default or a Swap Counterparty Termination Event occurs, the Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, (ii) in connection with any other Early Redemption Event, each of the five consecutive 
Scheduled Valuation Days from and including the Early Redemption Valuation Date (or such higher 
number of consecutive Scheduled Valuation Days (subject to a maximum of 30) notified by the Swap 
Counterparty to the Issuer and the Determination Agent no later than 14:00 London time on the Early 
Redemption Valuation Date) and (iii) in connection with the redemption of the ETC Securities on their 
Scheduled Maturity Date, each of the five consecutive Scheduled Valuation Days from and including the 
Final Redemption Valuation Date (or, where the Final Redemption Valuation Date is earlier than the 
Scheduled Final Redemption Valuation Date, the consecutive Scheduled Valuation Days from and 
including the Final Redemption Valuation Date and to and including the fifth Scheduled Valuation Day prior 
to the Scheduled Maturity Date). 
“OECD” means the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development and any successor thereto. 
[If Uncertificated Registered Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Operator” means EUI or any 
successor thereto and shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any 
such additional or alternative Operator approved by the Issuer from time to time in accordance with the 
Uncertificated Regulations and notified to the relevant Securityholders in accordance with Condition 19.] 
“Original Credit Support” has the meaning given to it in Condition 11(d). 
“Other Creditor” means each person that is entitled to the benefit of Other Issuer Obligations. 
“Other Currency” has the meaning given to it in Annex 2 to the Conditions. 
“Other Issuer Obligations” means the obligations and duties of the Issuer owed to any party under the 
Transaction Documents other than the Secured Issuer Obligations and “Other Issuer Obligation” means 
any of them. 
“outstanding (actual)” means, for the purposes of the Conditions, the Swap Agreement, the Trust Deed 
and the Security Deed, in relation to the ETC Securities and a Scheduled Valuation Day, (i) on the Series 
Issue Date, the ETC Securities issued on such date, and (ii) on any Scheduled Valuation Day thereafter, 
all the ETC Securities issued on or prior to such Scheduled Valuation Day except (a) those that have been 
redeemed in accordance with Condition 8(a), 8(b) or 8(c); (b) those that have been cancelled for any 
reason; (c) those in respect of which the date for redemption has occurred and the redemption moneys 
have been duly paid to the Trustee or to the Issuing and Paying Agent [If Bearer Securities text will apply 
or be inserted - and which remain available for payment against presentation and surrender of ETC 
Securities]; (d) those that have become void or in respect of which claims have become prescribed; (e) 
those which have been issued and which are pending settlement to an Authorised Participant but in respect 
of which the relevant Authorised Participant(s) has not paid in full the relevant subscription amount under 
the Authorised Participant Agreement; (f) those in respect of which a Buy-Back Settlement Date has 
occurred and in respect of which the Issuer (or the Trustee or the Issuing and Paying Agent, as the case 
may be) has received in full the related termination payment under the Swap Agreement; (g) those that 
have been purchased, settled and cancelled as provided in Condition 8(e); [If Bearer Securities text will

--- Page 81 ---
81 
apply or be inserted - (h) those mutilated or defaced Bearer Securities that have been surrendered in 
exchange for replacement Bearer Securities; (i) (for the purpose only of determining how many ETC 
Securities are outstanding (actual) and without prejudice to their status for any other purpose) those Bearer 
Securities alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of which replacement ETC 
Securities have been issued] and [(j)]/[(h)] any Global Security to the extent that it shall have been 
exchanged for one or more Definitive Securities pursuant to its provisions provided that for the purposes 
of (1) ascertaining the right to attend and vote at any meeting of the Securityholders, (2) the determination 
of how many Securities are outstanding (actual) for the purposes of the Conditions, the Swap Agreement, 
the Trust Deed and the Security Deed and (3) the exercise of any discretion, power or authority that the 
Trustee is required, expressly or impliedly, to exercise in or by reference to the interests of the 
Securityholders, those ETC Securities that are beneficially held by or on behalf of the Issuer and not 
cancelled shall (unless no longer so held) be deemed not to remain outstanding (actual). For the avoidance 
of doubt, ETC Securities (if any) which the Issuer has agreed on or prior to such Scheduled Valuation Day 
to buy back but in respect of which the related termination payment under the Swap Agreement has not 
yet been paid in full to the Issuer (or the Trustee or Issuing and Paying Agent, as applicable) shall be 
deemed to be “outstanding (actual)” on such Scheduled Valuation Day and ETC Securities (if any) which 
the Issuer has agreed on or prior to such Scheduled Valuation Day to issue but in respect of which payment 
of the relevant subscription amount has not been received in full from the relevant Authorised Participant(s) 
and settlement to such relevant Authorised Participant(s) has not yet occurred shall not be deemed to be 
“outstanding (actual)” on such Scheduled Valuation Day. 
“outstanding (adjusted)” means, for the purposes of the Credit Support Deed, in relation to the ETC 
Securities and a Scheduled Valuation Day, (i) on the Series Issue Date, the ETC Securities issued on such 
date, and (ii) on any Scheduled Valuation Day thereafter, all the ETC Securities issued on or prior to such 
Scheduled Valuation Day (which for these purposes shall include ETC Securities which are to be issued 
in connection with a Subscription Trade Date but in respect of which the related Subscription Settlement 
Date has not yet occurred and ETC Securities which have been issued on the relevant Subscription 
Settlement Date but which are pending settlement to an Authorised Participant because payment of the 
relevant subscription amount has not been received in full from the relevant Authorised Participant(s)) 
except (a) those that have been redeemed in accordance with Condition 8(a), 8(b) or 8(c); (b) those which 
have been cancelled for any reason; (c) those in respect of which the date for redemption has occurred 
and the redemption moneys have been duly paid to the Trustee or to the Issuing and Paying Agent [If 
Bearer Securities text will apply or be inserted – irrespective of whether they remain available for payment 
against presentation and surrender of ETC Securities]; (d) those that have become void or in respect of 
which claims have become prescribed; (e) those in respect of which a Buy-Back Settlement Date has 
occurred and in respect of which the Issuer (or the Trustee or the Issuing and Paying Agent, as the case 
may be) has received in full the related termination payment under the Swap Agreement; (f) those that 
have been purchased, settled and cancelled as provided in Condition 8(e); [If Bearer Securities text will 
apply or be inserted - (g) those mutilated or defaced Bearer Securities that have been surrendered in 
exchange for replacement Bearer Securities, (h) (for the purpose only of determining how many ETC 
Securities are outstanding (adjusted) and without prejudice to their status for any other purpose) those 
Bearer Securities alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of which replacement ETC 
Securities have been issued], and [(i)]/[(g)] any Global Security to the extent that it shall have been 
exchanged for one or more Definitive Securities pursuant to its provisions provided that for the purposes 
of (1) ascertaining the right to attend and vote at any meeting of the Securityholders, (2) the determination 
of how many Securities are outstanding (adjusted) for the purposes of the Conditions and the Trust Deed 
and (3) the exercise of any discretion, power or authority that the Trustee is required, expressly or impliedly, 
to exercise in or by reference to the interests of the Securityholders, those ETC Securities that are 
beneficially held by or on behalf of the Issuer and not cancelled shall (unless no longer so held) be deemed 
not to remain outstanding (adjusted). For the avoidance of doubt, ETC Securities (if any) which the Issuer 
has agreed on or prior to such Scheduled Valuation Day to buy back but in respect of which the related

--- Page 82 ---
82 
termination payment under the Swap Agreement has not yet been paid in full to the Issuer (or the Trustee 
or Issuing and Paying Agent, as applicable) shall be deemed to be “outstanding (adjusted)” on such 
Scheduled Valuation Day. 
“outstanding (pending)” means, for the purposes of the Conditions, the Swap Agreement, the Trust Deed 
and the Security Deed, in relation to the ETC Securities and a Scheduled Valuation Day, (i) on the Series 
Issue Date, the ETC Securities issued on such date, and (ii) on any Scheduled Valuation Day thereafter, 
all the ETC Securities issued on or prior to such Scheduled Valuation Day (which for these purposes shall 
include ETC Securities which are to be issued in connection with a Subscription Trade Date but in respect 
of which the related Subscription Settlement Date has not yet occurred and ETC Securities which have 
been issued on the relevant Subscription Settlement Date but which are pending settlement to an 
Authorised Participant) except (a) those that have been redeemed in accordance with Condition 8(a), 8(b) 
or 8(c); (b) those that have been cancelled for any reason; (c) those in respect of which the date for 
redemption has occurred and the redemption moneys have been duly paid to the Trustee or to the Issuing 
and Paying Agent [If Bearer Securities text will apply or be inserted - and which remain available for 
payment against presentation and surrender of ETC Securities]; (d) those that have become void or in 
respect of which claims have become prescribed; (e) those in respect of which a Buy-Back Trade Date 
has occurred; (f) those that have been purchased, settled and cancelled as provided in Condition 8(e); [If 
Bearer Securities text will apply or be inserted - (g) those mutilated or defaced Bearer Securities that have 
been surrendered in exchange for replacement Bearer Securities; (h) (for the purpose only of determining 
how many ETC Securities are outstanding (pending) and without prejudice to their status for any other 
purpose) those Bearer Securities alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of which 
replacement ETC Securities have been issued] and [(i) /[(g)] any Global Security to the extent that it shall 
have been exchanged for one or more Definitive Securities pursuant to its provisions provided that for the 
purposes of (1) ascertaining the right to attend and vote at any meeting of the Securityholders, (2) the 
determination of how many Securities are outstanding (pending) for the purposes of the Conditions, the 
Swap Agreement, the Trust Deed and the Security Deed and (3) the exercise of any discretion, power or 
authority that the Trustee is required, expressly or impliedly, to exercise in or by reference to the interests 
of the Securityholders, those ETC Securities that are beneficially held by or on behalf of the Issuer and not 
cancelled shall (unless no longer so held) be deemed not to remain outstanding (pending). 
“Partial Early Termination Amount” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(iv)(A)(I). 
“Partial Early Termination Amount Remedy End Date” has the meaning given to it in Condition 
8(d)(iv)(A)(I). 
[If Uncertificated Registered Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “participating securities” shall 
have the meaning given to it in the Uncertificated Regulations.] 
“Paying Agents” means the Issuing and Paying Agent [Names and details of any additional paying agents 
– including German Paying Agent if applicable to be specified in the Final Terms – [,][and] ●], and any 
successor or replacement thereto. 
“Payment Business Day” means: [If the ETC Securities are denominated in a currency other than euro 
text will apply or be inserted – in relation to a payment, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
(i) commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in London and in the principal financial 
centre for the currency of the relevant payment and (ii) the Relevant Clearing System is open] [If the ETC 
Securities are denominated in euro text will apply or be inserted – a day (i) which is a TARGET Settlement 
Day and (ii) on which the Relevant Clearing System is open]. 
“Posted Collateral” means, in relation to the Credit Support Deed, all Eligible Collateral, other property, 
distributions and all proceeds thereof that have been transferred by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer 
(or otherwise received by the Issuer) under such Credit Support Deed and not retransferred to the Swap

--- Page 83 ---
83 
Counterparty in accordance with the terms of the Credit Support Deed or realised by the Issuer pursuant 
to the enforcement of the security in favour of the Issuer created under such Credit Support Deed. 
“Posted Collateral Substitution Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 11(d). 
“Potential Event of Default” means an event or circumstance that could with the giving of notice, lapse of 
time and/or issue of a certificate become an Event of Default. 
“Price Source” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(a)(vi). 
“Principal” means the Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount, as applicable. 
“Proceedings” has the meaning given to it in Condition 23(b). 
“Product Fee” means a fee payable to the Programme Swap Counterparty in respect of the relevant Series 
of ETC Securities and which is equal to the Product Fee Percentage which accrues on a daily basis and 
is applied to the Value per ETC Security of the Series of ETC Securities on each Scheduled Valuation 
Day. 
“Product Fee Percentage” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(b). 
“Programme” means the Secured ETC Index Linked Securities Programme of DB ETC Index plc. 
“Programme Maximum Number of ETC Securities” means 1,000,000,000. 
“Programme Proposal Agreement” means the programme proposal agreement dated on or about 26 
January 2010 entered into by the Issuer and the Arranger as amended, supplemented, novated or replaced 
from time to time pursuant to which the Arranger agrees to pay to the Issuer certain fees payable by the 
Issuer and certain other overheads of the Issuer in connection with the establishment of the Programme 
and the issue of Series of ETC Securities thereunder. 
“Programme Swap Counterparty” means Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch and any successor or 
replacement thereto. 
“Programme Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event” means (i) the Programme Swap Counterparty 
becomes incapable of acting, is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or 
merger), is adjudged bankrupt or insolvent, files a voluntary petition in bankruptcy, makes a general 
assignment, arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors, consents to the appointment 
of a receiver, administrator or other similar official of all or substantially all of its assets or admits in writing 
its inability to pay or meet its debts as they mature or suspends payment thereof, or, if a resolution is 
passed or an order made for the winding-up, official management, liquidation or dissolution of such entity 
(other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger), a receiver, administrator, liquidator or 
other similar official of either the entity or all or substantially all of its assets is appointed, a court order is 
entered approving a petition filed by or against it under applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, or a public 
officer takes charge or control of the entity or its property or affairs for the purpose of liquidation, and/or (ii) 
an ISDA Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee announces that it has resolved that a Bankruptcy 
Credit Event (as defined in the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (as supplemented from time to 
time)) has occurred with respect to the Programme Swap Counterparty. 
“Programme Swap Counterparty Breach” has the meaning given to it in Condition 12(d)(v). 
“Publication Event Redemption Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(vi). 
“Publication Failure Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(vi). 
“Publication Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(vi). 
“Rating Agency” means any of Fitch, Moody’s and S&P and “Rating Agencies” means each of them.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
[If Uncertificated Registered Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Register” means the register of 
persons holding the ETC Securities maintained by the Registrar on behalf of the Issuer.] 
[If Uncertificated Registered Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Registrar” means [To be specified 
in Final Terms – Computershare Investor Services (Jersey) Limited] and any successor or replacement 
thereto.] 
“Relevant Clearing System” means [Each Clearing System through which this Series of ETC Securities 
is to be specified in Final Terms]. 
“Relevant Component Price” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(b)(iii)(A). 
“Relevant Date” has the meaning given to it in Condition 13. 
“Relevant Provisions” means, with respect to the Determination Agent, the provisions of the 
Determination Agent Agreement (including, without limitation, the duties and obligations of the 
Determination Agent under Clause 2.5 of the Determination Agent Agreement), the Issue Deed, the Swap 
Agreement and Credit Support Deed, the Authorised Participant Agreement and the Conditions. 
“Relevant Stock Exchange” means [Each Stock Exchange on which this Series of ETC Securities is to 
be listed to be specified in Final Terms or be inserted]. 
“Relevant Trading Facility” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(a)(iii). 
“Reserve Trust Account” means an account in the name of the Issuer with Elian SPV Services Limited 
referencing the Programme. 
“RIS” means a regulated information service for the purposes of giving information relating to the ETC 
Securities and/or the rules of the Relevant Stock Exchange chosen by the Issuer from time to time, 
including but not limited to the Regulatory News Service (the “RNS”) of the London Stock Exchange and 
the Business Wire Regulatory Disclosure provided by Business Wire Europe Ltd, a Berkshire Hathaway 
Company. 
“S&P” means Standard & Poor’s, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc., and any successor 
thereto. 
“Scheduled Maturity Date” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(a). 
“Scheduled Swap Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(iii). 
“Scheduled Valuation Day” means the Series Issue Date and each day thereafter that is (i) a London 
Business Day and (ii) at any time prior to the determination by the Swap Counterparty that the Index has 
been cancelled and that no Successor Index exists, a day on which the Index Sponsor is scheduled to 
publish the level of the Index. 
“Secondary Early Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(b). 
“Secured Agent Rights” means the rights and interest of the Issuer in and under the Agency Agreement, 
the Custody Agreement, the Determination Agent Agreement, the Authorised Participant Agreement and 
any other agreement pursuant to which the Liquidation Agent is appointed in relation to the ETC Securities 
and the rights, title and interest of the Issuer in all property, assets and sums derived from such 
agreements. 
“Secured Assets” means (i) all property, assets and sums derived from the Secured Swap Rights which 
shall include, without limitation, any property, assets and sums derived from the Swap Agreement and the 
enforcement of the security granted in favour of the Issuer under the Credit Support Deed and the 
enforcement of any other Credit Support Document, (ii) all property, assets and sums held by the Issuing 
and Paying Agent [If Uncertificated Registered Securities, text will apply or be inserted – or, as the case

--- Page 85 ---
85 
may be, the Registrar] and/or the Custodian and/or the Liquidation Agent in connection with the ETC 
Securities and/or any Transaction Document, and (iii) any other property, assets and/or sums which have 
been charged, assigned, pledged and/or otherwise made subject to the security created by the Issuer in 
favour of the Trustee pursuant to the Security Deed. 
“Secured Creditor” means each person that is entitled to the benefit of Secured Issuer Obligations. 
“Secured Issuer Obligations” means the obligations and duties of the Issuer (i) under the Trust Deed, 
each ETC Security, the Swap Agreement and each Credit Support Document, (ii) to pay all Taxes (other 
than any income, corporation or similar tax), fees, costs, charges, expenses, liabilities and other amounts 
properly payable to the Liquidation Agent, and (iii) to pay the Taxes (other than any income, corporation 
or similar tax), fees, expenses or other amounts due to the Issuing and Paying Agents[,]/[and] the Paying 
Agents[If Uncertificated Registered Securities, text will apply or be inserted –, the Registrar and the 
Transfer Agents] pursuant to the Agency Agreement, due to the Custodian pursuant to the Custody 
Agreement, and due to the Determination Agent and/or to the Programme Swap Counterparty pursuant to 
the Determination Agent Agreement, in each case to the extent such amounts relate to this Series of ETC 
Securities and “Secured Issuer Obligation” means any of them. 
“Secured Property” means the Secured Swap Rights, the Secured Agent Rights and the Secured Assets. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any amount standing to the credit of the Reserve Trust Account shall not 
constitute Secured Property. 
“Secured Swap Rights” means the rights and interest of the Issuer in and under the Swap Agreement 
and each Credit Support Document, and the rights, title and interest of the Issuer in all property, assets 
and sums derived from the Swap Agreement, the enforcement of the security granted in favour of the 
Issuer under such Credit Support Deed and the enforcement of the Issuer’s rights under any other Credit 
Support Document (if applicable). 
“Securities Act” means The United States Securities Act of 1933 as amended. 
“Security” means the security constituted by the Security Deed. 
“Security Deed” means the security deed dated on or about the Series Issue Date of the ETC Securities 
entered into as a deed by the Issuer, the Trustee and any other parties thereto by the execution of the 
Issue Deed and in the form of the Master Security Terms (as amended and/or supplemented by the Issue 
Deed) and as such Security Deed is amended, supplemented, novated or replaced from time to time. 
“Securityholder” has the meaning given to it in Condition 2. 
“Securityholder Notice and Direction” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(vi). 
“Series” means, in respect of ETC Securities, all ETC Securities having the same ISIN, WKN or other 
similar identifier. 
“Series Fee” means the fee agreed between the Issuer and the Arranger in connection with the issue of 
the ETC Securities payable by the Arranger to the Issuer in accordance with the terms of the Programme 
Proposal Agreement. 
“Series Issue Date” means [To be specified in Final Terms – [●]], being the issue date of the first Tranche 
of this Series of ETC Securities. 
“Series Overheads” means: 
(i) 
the costs of printing any ETC Securities or any publication or advertising in respect of such ETC 
Securities;

--- Page 86 ---
86 
(ii) 
any fees, costs and expenses payable by the Issuer pursuant to the Transaction Documents in 
relation to any ETC Securities; 
(iii) 
any legal fees and disbursements payable to the legal advisers in Jersey to the Issuer and/or any 
other legal advisers properly appointed by the Issuer (subject to the prior written approval of the 
Arranger prior to the occurrence of an Arranger Bankruptcy Event); 
(iv) 
any fees payable to any Relevant Stock Exchange in respect of the listing of the ETC Securities on 
such Relevant Stock Exchange; and 
(v) 
any other fee, cost, expense or disbursement properly incurred by the Issuer in relation to the issue 
of the ETC Securities which is not to be reimbursed by any other person. 
“Specified Currency” means, in relation to this Series of ETC Securities [To be specified in Final Terms 
– ●]. 
“specified office” means, in relation to any Agent, the office identified in respect of such Agent in the Issue 
Deed or any other office approved by the Trustee and notified to Securityholders in accordance with 
Condition 19. 
“Stock Exchange” means the London Stock Exchange, Euronext Paris, Euronext Amsterdam, the 
Frankfurt Stock Exchange, the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the Borsa Italiana, the OMX Nordic 
Exchange and/or the SIX Swiss Exchange. 
“Sub-Custodian” means any sub-custodian appointed by the Custodian in connection with the Custody 
Agreement relating to the ETC Securities. 
“Sub-Custody Agreement” means an agreement between the Issuer, the Custodian and a Sub-Custodian 
to which the Issuer is a party pursuant to which the Sub-Custodian is appointed to act as sub-custodian in 
connection with the duties and obligations of the Custodian under the Custody Agreement relating to the 
ETC Securities as amended, supplemented, novated or replaced from time to time. 
“Subscription Order” means a request from an Authorised Participant delivered to the Issuer to issue 
further ETC Securities and which the Determination Agent determines is valid in accordance with the 
Authorised Participant Agreement. 
“Subscription Settlement Amount” means, in respect of a subscription for ETC Securities and the related 
Subscription Settlement Date, an amount in the denomination of the ETC Securities equal to the product 
of the Issue Price per ETC Security in respect of the relevant Subscription Trade Date and the aggregate 
number of ETC Securities to be issued pursuant to the relevant Subscription Order. 
“Subscription Settlement Date” means, subject to Condition 9(c), the second Scheduled Valuation Day 
after the Subscription Trade Date. 
“Subscription Trade Date” means a Scheduled Valuation Day on which a Subscription Order is 
determined to be valid and accepted by or on behalf of the Issuer in accordance with the Authorised 
Participant Agreement. 
“Substitute Credit Support” has the meaning given to it in Condition 11(d). 
“Substituted Obligor” has the meaning given to it in Condition 16(c). 
“Successor Index” has the meaning given to it in Condition 10. 
“Suspension Event” means the Issuer delivers a notice in writing to the Determination Agent, the Issuing 
and Paying Agent, the Lead Authorised Participant and each Authorised Participant (copied to each other 
Transaction Party) stating that with effect from the date specified in such notice subscriptions of the ETC

--- Page 87 ---
87 
Securities shall be suspended, provided that the effective date of any such suspension so specified shall 
be a day not earlier than the Scheduled Valuation Day following the date of such notice.  
“Swap Agreement” means the swap agreement dated as of the Series Issue Date of the ETC Securities 
entered into by the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty by execution of the Issue Deed and in the form of a 
2002 ISDA Master Agreement as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
together with a Schedule thereto on the terms set out in the Master Swap and Credit Support Terms (as 
amended and/or supplemented by the Issue Deed), together with the confirmation entered into thereunder 
evidencing the Swap Transaction and as such Swap Agreement is amended, supplemented, novated or 
replaced from time to time.  
“Swap Agreement Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(iv). 
“Swap Agreement Tax Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(iv)(F). 
“Swap Calculation Agent” means [To be specified in Final Terms – ●] and any successor or replacement 
thereto. 
“Swap Counterparty” means Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch and any successor or replacement 
thereto. 
“Swap Counterparty Default Redemption Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(x). 
“Swap Counterparty Event of Default” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(iv)(A). 
“Swap Counterparty Termination Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(iv)(E). 
“Swap Early Termination Date” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(iv). 
“Swap Optional Termination Exercise Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(iv)(D). 
“Swap Replication Fee Percentage” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(b). 
“Swap Transaction” means the fully funded commodity index linked swap transaction entered into by the 
Issuer and the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement in relation to this Series of ETC Securities. 
“Swap Unwind Costs” means, in respect of a Buy-Back Order made by an Authorised Participant, an 
amount determined by the Swap Counterparty in good faith and in a reasonable manner equal to the sum 
of (without duplication) all Taxes, costs, fees, charges and expenses (including, without limitation, funding 
costs, expenses and losses), incurred by such Swap Counterparty and/or any of its affiliates in connection 
with the termination of its hedging arrangement(s), transactions and/or trading positions (if any) entered 
into by (or on behalf of) the Swap Counterparty to hedge its obligations under the Swap Transaction as 
notified by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer, the Determination Agent, the Trustee and the Programme 
Swap Counterparty in writing no later than 11:00 London time on the Scheduled Valuation Day prior to the 
due date for payment of the relevant termination payment under the Swap Agreement. For the avoidance 
of doubt, Swap Unwind Costs only impact the Buy-Back Redemption Amounts payable to the Authorised 
Participants on a buy-back of ETC Securities by the Issuer from an Authorised Participant. They do not 
impact the Final Redemption Amount or any Early Redemption Amount. 
[If the ETC Securities are denominated in euro text will apply or be inserted – “TARGET Settlement Day” 
means a day on which the TARGET System is operating.]  
[If the ETC Securities are denominated in euro, text will apply or be inserted – “TARGET System” means 
the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) system or any 
successor thereto.] 
“Tax” means any tax, duty, assessment or charge of whatsoever nature (including, without limitation, any 
tax on income, profits, gains, net wealth, asset values or turnover, value added tax, stamp duty, stamp

--- Page 88 ---
88 
duty reserve tax, excise, severance, sales, use, transfer, documentary, recording tax or duty or any other 
similar tax, duty or charge) imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by any government, applicable 
tax authority or jurisdiction. 
“Tax Affected Party” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(iv)(F). 
“Tax Event Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(xi).  
“Tax Event Redemption Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(xi).  
“Tax Event Transfer Period End Date” as the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(iv)(F). 
“Tax Event Transfers” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(iv)(F) and “Tax Event Transfer” 
means any of them. 
“Termination for Breach” means, with respect to the Determination Agent, the termination of the 
appointment of the Determination Agent where (a) the Determination Agent commits a material breach of 
its obligations under the Determination Agent Agreement and to the extent such breach is capable of being 
remedied the Determination Agent fails to cure such breach within 15 calendar days of its becoming aware 
of, or its receiving notice from the Issuer, the Trustee or the Programme Swap Counterparty of, such breach 
or (b) the Determination Agent commits any breach of its obligations under the Determination Agent 
Agreement and to the extent such breach is capable of being remedied the Determination Agent fails to 
cure such breach within 30 calendar days of its becoming aware of, or its receiving notice from the Issuer, 
the Trustee or the Programme Swap Counterparty of, such breach. 
“Termination for Cause” means, with respect to the Determination Agent, each of a Termination for 
Breach and a termination of the appointment of the Determination Agent in connection with the occurrence 
of a Determination Agent Bankruptcy Event. 
“Trading Disruption” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(a)(iii). 
“Tranche” means, in relation to ETC Securities of this Series issued on any date, the ETC Securities that 
are issued on the same Issue Date at the same Issue Price per ETC Security. 
“Transaction Document” means each of the Issue Deed, the Trust Deed, the Security Deed, the Issuer 
Administration Agreement, the Issuer Delegation Agreement, the Agency Agreement, the Determination 
Agent Agreement, the Custody Agreement, the Authorised Participant Agreement, the Swap Agreement 
and each Credit Support Document in each case as amended, supplemented, novated and/or replaced 
from time to time and “Transaction Documents” means all such documents. 
“Transaction Party” means a party to a Transaction Document (other than the Issuer). 
[If Uncertificated Registered Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Transfer Agent” means [To be 
specified in Final Terms – [each of] [Computershare Investor Services (Jersey) Limited [and ●]] and any 
successor or replacement thereto.] 
“Transfer Agreement Cut-Off Date” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(iv)(F). 
“Trust Deed” means the trust deed dated on or about the Series Issue Date of the ETC Securities entered 
into as a deed by the Issuer, the Trustee and any other parties thereto by the execution of the Issue Deed 
and in the form of the relevant Master Trust Terms (as amended and/or supplemented by the Issue Deed) 
and as such Trust Deed is amended, supplemented, novated or replaced from time to time. 
“Trustee” means Deutsche Trustee Company Limited and any successor or replacement thereto. 
“UK Listing Authority” means the Financial Conduct Authority in such capacity under the FSMA and any 
successor or replacement thereto.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
“Uncertificated Registered Securities” means ETC Securities issued in dematerialised uncertificated 
registered form. 
[If Uncertificated Registered Securities, text will apply or be inserted – “Uncertificated Regulations” 
means the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 Companies (Uncertificated Securities) (Jersey) Order 1999 (No. 
9462) and such other regulations having force within Jersey as are applicable to EUI and/or the CREST 
relevant system as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time.] 
“Valuation Percentage” has the meaning given to it in Annex 2 to the Conditions. 
“Value per ETC Security” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(b). 
“Value per ETC Security Threshold Level” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(vii). 
“Value per ETC Security Threshold Level Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(vii). 
“Value per ETC Security Threshold Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 
8(d)(vii). 
2 
Form and Title 
[If Bearer Securities, text will apply or be inserted –  
The [Full description of the ETC Securities to be specified in Final Terms] (the “ETC Securities”) are issued 
in bearer form and shall not be exchangeable for Uncertificated Registered Securities. The ETC Securities 
will be represented on issue by a Global Security in [To be specified in Final Terms – NGN/CGN] form. 
The Global Security may be exchanged for Definitive Securities in the circumstances described in 
Condition 3 and any such Definitive Securities shall be serially numbered and shall not be issued with 
coupons. 
Title to the ETC Securities shall pass by delivery. Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction 
or as required by law, the holder of any ETC Security shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its 
absolute owner for all purposes whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, 
trust or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable for so treating the 
holder. In the Conditions, “Securityholder” and “holder” means the bearer of any Bearer Security of this 
Series.] 
[If Uncertificated Registered Securities, text will apply or be inserted –  
The [Full description of the ETC Securities to be specified in Final Terms] (the “ETC Securities”) are issued 
in dematerialised uncertificated registered form and shall not be exchangeable for Bearer Securities. The 
ETC Securities shall be held in uncertificated registered form in accordance with the Uncertificated 
Regulations and as such are dematerialised and not constituted by any physical document of title. The 
ETC Securities shall be cleared through CREST and are participating securities for the purposes of the 
Uncertificated Regulations. Title to the ETC Securities is recorded on the Register and shall pass by 
registration in the Register. Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, 
the holder of any ETC Security shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all 
purposes whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, 
and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder. In the Conditions, “Securityholder” and “holder” 
means the person in whose name an Uncertificated Registered Security of this Series is registered in the 
Register. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, for so long as the ETC Securities are 
participating securities, (i) the Register shall be maintained in Jersey and at all times outside of the United 
Kingdom, (ii) the ETC Securities may be issued in uncertificated form in accordance with and subject as 
provided in the Uncertificated Regulations and (iii) for the avoidance of doubt, the Conditions in respect of

--- Page 90 ---
90 
the ETC Securities shall remain applicable notwithstanding that they are not endorsed on any certificate 
or document of title.]  
[If Uncertificated Registered Securities, text will apply or be inserted –  
3 
Transfers 
(a) 
Transfers 
Title to the ETC Securities will pass upon registration of the transfer in the Register. All transactions 
in respect to the ETC Securities (including, without limitation, transfers of the ETC Securities) in the 
open market or otherwise must be effected through an account with EUI. All transfers of the ETC 
Securities shall be subject to and made in accordance with the Uncertificated Regulations and the 
rules, procedures and practices in effect of the Registrar and CREST. The Uncertificated 
Regulations and such rules, procedures and practices may change from time to time. 
No provision of the Conditions shall (notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein) apply or have 
effect to the extent that it is in any respect inconsistent with (i) the holding of title to the ETC 
Securities in uncertificated form, (ii) the transfer of title to the ETC Securities by means of registration 
in the Register or (iii) the Uncertificated Regulations. 
If at any time the ETC Securities cease to be held in uncertificated form and/or accepted for 
clearance through CREST, or notice is received by or on behalf of the Issuer that the ETC Securities 
will cease to be held in uncertificated form and cleared through CREST and/or CREST is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 calendar days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or 
otherwise) or CREST announces an intention permanently to cease business or does in fact do so, 
the ETC Securities shall continue to be in registered form and the Issuer, the Registrar, the Issuing 
and Paying Agent and any other relevant Transaction Party (other than the Authorised Participant(s) 
and the Lead Authorised Participant) may agree such procedures as they determine necessary in 
relation to the transfer of ETC Securities and shall as soon as reasonably practicable give notice 
thereof to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 19 and to the Authorised Participant(s) 
and the Lead Authorised Participant.  
The provisions of the third paragraph of Condition 3(a) shall apply equally in the case that a holder 
ceases to be a CREST member, but for such purposes only the affected holder will need to be 
notified of the procedures adopted. 
(b) 
Transfer Free of Charge 
Transfers of ETC Securities shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Operator, the Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but upon payment by the relevant holder of any Tax 
or other governmental charges that may be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity 
as the Issuer, the Registrar, the Operator or the relevant Transfer Agent may require). 
(c) 
Closed Periods 
If the rules and procedures of the Registrar and/or for so long as the ETC Securities are held in 
CREST the rules and procedures of CREST include any closed period in which no Securityholder 
may require the transfer of an ETC Security to be registered in the Register, such closed periods 
shall apply to the ETC Securities. Details of any such closed period are available from the Registrar 
and the Transfer Agents.] 
[If Bearer Securities, text will apply or be inserted –

--- Page 91 ---
91 
3 
Exchange 
The Global Security relating to the ETC Securities is exchangeable (free of charge to the holder) on or 
after the Exchange Date in whole but not in part for Definitive Securities if the Global Security is held on 
behalf of a Clearing System and the Relevant Clearing System is closed for business for a continuous 
period of 14 calendar days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an 
intention permanently to cease business or does in fact do so. 
“Exchange Date” means a day falling not less than 60 calendar days after the date on which the notice 
requiring exchange is given and on which banks are open for business in the city in which the specified 
office of the Issuing and Paying Agent is located. 
Any such exchange may be effected on or after an Exchange Date by the holder of the Global Security 
surrendering the Global Security to or to the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent. In exchange for the 
Global Security, the Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, duly executed and authenticated 
Definitive Securities in an aggregate number equal to the number of ETC Securities represented by the 
Global Security submitted for exchange, security printed in accordance substantially in the form required 
under the Trust Deed.] 
4 
Constitution and Status 
This Series of ETC Securities is constituted by the Trust Deed and secured by the Security Deed. The 
ETC Securities are secured, limited recourse obligations of the Issuer, at all times ranking pari passu and 
without any preference among themselves, secured in the manner described in Condition 6 and recourse 
in respect of which is limited in the manner described in Condition 6(g) and Condition 15. 
5 
Value per ETC Security 
(a) 
Determination and Publication of Value per ETC Security 
Subject to Condition 9(d), the Determination Agent shall determine the Value per ETC Security in 
accordance with Condition 5(b) in respect of each Scheduled Valuation Day during the term of the 
ETC Securities up to (and including) the earlier to occur of the Early Redemption Valuation Date 
and the Final Redemption Valuation Date and notify its determination of the Value per ETC Security 
in respect of a Scheduled Valuation Day to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Programme Swap 
Counterparty, the Swap Counterparty and any Credit Support Provider in respect thereof and the 
Issuing and Paying Agent by no later than 14:00 London time on the immediately following 
Scheduled Valuation Day or, in respect of the Final Redemption Valuation Date or the Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, if any, by no later than 14:00 London time on the Scheduled Valuation 
Day immediately following the last day of the Closing Index Valuation Period. Subject to Condition 
9(d), the Issuer shall publish the Value per ETC Security notified to it by the Determination Agent in 
respect of a Scheduled Valuation Day by no later than 16:00 London time on the immediately 
following Scheduled Valuation Day on the website maintained on behalf of the Issuer at 
www.etc.db.com (or such other website as may be notified to Securityholders in accordance with 
Condition 19 from time to time) or, in relation to the Value per ETC Security determined in respect 
of Final Redemption Valuation Date or the Early Redemption Valuation Date, if any, by no later than 
16:00 London time on the Scheduled Valuation Day immediately following the last day of the Closing 
Index Valuation Period. 
(b) 
Value per ETC Security 
The “Value per ETC Security” in respect of a Scheduled Valuation Day shall be an amount per 
ETC Security determined by the Determination Agent as follows:

--- Page 92 ---
92 
(i) 
if the Scheduled Valuation Day is the Series Issue Date, the Value per ETC Security in 
respect of the Series Issue Date shall be equal to the Issue Price per ETC Security on such 
Series Issue Date;  
(ii) 
subject to Condition 5(b)(iv), in relation to any other Scheduled Valuation Day other than the 
Final Redemption Valuation Date or the Early Redemption Valuation Date, the Value per 
ETC Security in respect of such Scheduled Valuation Day shall be equal to: 
(A) 
the Value per ETC Security for the immediately preceding Fee Calculation Reset Day; 
multiplied by 
(B) 
the Closing Index Level for that Scheduled Valuation Day divided by the Closing Index 
Level for the immediately preceding Fee Calculation Reset Day; minus 
(C) 
the Accrued Fee; and  
(iii) 
subject to Condition 5(b)(iv), in relation to the Final Redemption Valuation Date or, if any, the 
Early Redemption Valuation Date, the Value per ETC Security shall be equal to: 
(A) 
the Value per ETC Security for the Fee Calculation Reset Date immediately preceding 
the Final Redemption Valuation Date or Early Redemption Valuation Date, as the case 
may be; multiplied by 
(B) 
the Average Redemption Closing Index Level divided by the Closing Index Level for 
the Fee Calculation Reset Day immediately preceding the Final Redemption Valuation 
Date or Early Redemption Valuation Date, as the case may be; minus 
(C) 
the Accrued Fee; and 
(iv) 
in relation to a Scheduled Valuation Day (other than the Final Redemption Valuation Date, 
the Early Redemption Valuation Date (if any) and any other Observation Date) in respect of 
which (A) the Value per ETC Security for the immediately preceding Fee Calculation Reset 
Day has not been determined and published in accordance with this Condition 5 (other than 
where such failure occurs in connection with the occurrence or existence of a Disruption 
Event) or (B) (I) a Swap Counterparty Event of Default in connection with Condition 
8(d)(iv)(A)(VI) or a Swap Counterparty Termination Event has occurred and/or exists on such 
Scheduled Valuation Day and the Index Sponsor does not publish the official closing level of 
the Index in respect of such Scheduled Valuation Day and/or (II) the Swap Counterparty has 
delivered a Disruption Event Notice as described in Condition 9(b)(i) but has not calculated 
the Closing Index Level in accordance with Condition 9(b) by 14:00 London time on the 11th 
Scheduled Valuation Day following the Scheduled Valuation Day in respect of which a 
Disruption Event Notice was given, then the Value per ETC Security in respect of such 
Scheduled Valuation Day shall be deemed to be equal to the Value per ETC Security 
determined in respect of the last preceding Scheduled Valuation Day in respect of which a 
Value per ETC Security was determined and published for the purposes of the ETC 
Securities. In relation to the Final Redemption Valuation Date or, if any, the Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, if the Value per ETC Security for the Fee Calculation Reset Day immediately 
preceding the Final Redemption Valuation Date or, as the case may be, the Early 
Redemption Valuation Date has not been determined and published in accordance with this 
Condition 5 (other than where such failure occurs in connection with the occurrence or 
existence of a Disruption Event) then the Value per ETC Security in respect of such Final 
Redemption Valuation Date or, as the case may be, the Early Redemption Valuation Date 
shall be deemed to be equal to the Value per ETC Security determined in respect of the last 
Scheduled Valuation Day prior to the Final Redemption Valuation Date or Early Redemption

--- Page 93 ---
93 
Valuation Date, as the case may be, in respect of which a Value per ETC Security was 
determined and published for the purposes of the ETC Securities. 
For these purposes: 
“Accrued Fee” means, in relation to any Scheduled Valuation Day (including any Fee Calculation 
Reset Day), an amount determined by the Determination Agent equal to (i) the Value per ETC 
Security in respect of the immediately preceding Fee Calculation Reset Day, multiplied by (ii) the 
sum of the Collateral Fee Percentage, the Swap Replication Fee Percentage and the Product Fee 
Percentage multiplied by (iii) the actual number of calendar days in the period from (but excluding) 
the immediately preceding Fee Calculation Reset Day to (and including) the Scheduled Valuation 
Day in respect of which the Accrued Fee is being calculated divided by 360. 
“Average Redemption Closing Index Level” means an amount determined by the Determination 
Agent equal to the arithmetic mean of the Closing Index Levels determined in respect of each 
Observation Date. 
“Closing Index Level” means, in relation to a Scheduled Valuation Day, (i) the official closing level 
of the Index in respect of that Scheduled Valuation Day as calculated and published by the Index 
Sponsor of such Index and which shall be made available on the website maintained on behalf of 
the Issuer at www.etc.db.com (or such other website as may be notified to Securityholders in 
accordance with Condition 19 from time to time) or (ii) if Condition 9(b) applies, the level for the 
Index determined by the Swap Calculation Agent in respect of such Scheduled Valuation Day under 
the Swap Agreement and notified to the Issuer (and copied to each Transaction Party (other than 
the Authorised Participant(s) and the Lead Authorised Participant)) as described in Condition 9(b) 
and which shall be made available on the website maintained on behalf of the Issuer at 
www.etc.db.com, provided that if such Scheduled Valuation Day is the Observation Date relating to 
a Swap Counterparty Event of Default pursuant to Condition 8(d)(iv)(A)(VI) or a Swap Counterparty 
Termination Event and the Index Sponsor does not publish the official closing level of the Index in 
respect of such Observation Date, the Closing Index Level in respect of such Observation Date shall 
be deemed to be equal to the Closing Index Level determined in respect of the last preceding 
Scheduled Valuation Day in respect of which a Closing Index Level was determined for the purposes 
of the ETC Securities. Without prejudice to the preceding sentence, if the Scheduled Valuation Day 
in respect of which the Swap Counterparty has delivered a Disruption Event Notice is an 
Observation Date and the Swap Calculation Agent has not calculated the Closing Index Level in 
accordance with Condition 9(b) by 11:00 London time on the Scheduled Valuation Day immediately 
following the last day of the Closing Index Valuation Period, then the Closing Index Level in respect 
of such Observation Date shall be deemed to be equal to the Closing Index Level determined in 
respect of the last preceding Scheduled Valuation Day in respect of which a Closing Index Level 
was determined for the purposes of the ETC Securities. 
“Collateral Fee Percentage” means, in relation to a Scheduled Valuation Day, the amount 
(expressed as a percentage per annum) published on the website maintained on behalf of the Issuer 
at www.etc.db.com (or such other website as may be notified to Securityholders in accordance with 
Condition 19 from time to time) and determined by the Determination Agent as follows if the Posted 
Collateral under the Credit Support Deed (as notified to the Issuer (copied to the Determination 
Agent) by the Swap Counterparty) as at such Scheduled Valuation Day comprises: 
(I) 
Gold, the greater of (x) the product of (1) the Lease Rate in respect of the Fee Calculation 
Reset Day immediately preceding such Scheduled Valuation Day plus the Gold Spread and 
(2) 110 per cent. and (y) 0.10 per cent. per annum; or

--- Page 94 ---
94 
(II) 
Eligible Financial Instruments, the Maximum Collateral Fee Percentage for Eligible Financial 
Instruments, or such lower amount as may be determined by the Programme Swap 
Counterparty and notified to the Issuer, the Transaction Parties and the Securityholders from 
time to time, provided that the Issuer shall procure (and the Programme Swap Counterparty 
has agreed) that Securityholders shall be given not less than 30 calendar days’ prior notice 
in accordance with Condition 19 of any change to the Collateral Fee Percentage relating to 
Eligible Financial Instruments and if the scheduled day notified for any such change is not a 
Scheduled Valuation Day, the change to such Collateral Fee Percentage shall take effect on 
the first following Scheduled Valuation Day. The current Collateral Fee Percentage and any 
proposed change to the Collateral Fee Percentage shall be published on the website 
maintained on behalf of the Issuer at www.etc.db.com (or such other website as may be 
notified to Securityholders in accordance with Condition 19). 
[Following text deemed to apply if Posted Collateral as at relevant Issue Date of ETC Securities to 
which Final Terms relates comprises Gold – The Collateral Fee Percentage relating to Gold as at 
the [To be specified in Final Terms – Series Issue Date/Issue Date] is [To be specified in Final 
Terms – ●].]  
[Following text deemed to apply if Posted Collateral as at relevant Issue Date of ETC Securities to 
which Final Terms relates comprises Eligible Financial Instruments – The Collateral Fee Percentage 
relating to Eligible Financial Instruments as at the [To be completed specified in Final Terms – Series 
Issue Date/Issue Date] is [To be specified in Final Terms – ●].] 
The Maximum Collateral Fee Percentage (expressed on a percentage per annum basis) for Eligible 
Financial Instruments is [To be specified in Final Terms – ●](the “Maximum Collateral Fee 
Percentage for Eligible Financial Instruments”). 
“Fee Calculation Reset Day” means the last London Business Day of each calendar month, except 
that the first Fee Calculation Reset Day shall be the Series Issue Date. 
“GOFO” means, in respect of a Fee Calculation Reset Day, the rate (expressed as a percentage 
per annum) determined by the Programme Swap Counterparty equal to the arithmetic mean of the 
loco London gold lending rates in U.S.$ for a period of three months which appear on the Reuters 
Screen GOFO Page and the related Reuters Screen GOFP Page and the Reuters Screen GOFQ 
Page under the heading “London Interbank Forward Bullion Rates Loco London Gold Lending Rates 
(VS U.S.$)” (or any respective successor screen page thereto as determined by the Programme 
Swap Counterparty) as of 11:00 London time on the day that is two London Business Days 
preceding such Fee Calculation Reset Day. If any such rate does not appear on the Reuters Screen 
GOFO Page and/or the related Reuters Screen GOFP Page and/or the Reuters Screen GOFQ 
Page (or any relevant successor screen page thereto), as applicable, the rate in respect of such 
page used to determine the GOFO rate in respect of such Fee Calculation Reset Day shall be 
deemed to be equal to the rate last published on such Reuters Screen GOFO Page, Reuters Screen 
GOFP Page or Reuters Screen GOFQ Page (or the relevant successor screen page applicable 
thereto), as applicable, provided that if any of the Reuters Screen GOFO Page, the related Reuters 
Screen GOFP Page and/or the Reuters Screen GOFQ Page (or any successor screen page thereto) 
ceases to exist or to publish the relevant rate and the Programme Swap Counterparty determines 
that no such successor screen page exists the GOFO rate (or the method for determining the GOFO 
rate) for such Fee Calculation Reset Day shall be determined by the Programme Swap Counterparty 
in good faith and notified to the Issuer and the Determination Agent. 
“Gold Spread” means [To be specified in Final Terms – ●] per cent. per annum (the “Maximum 
Gold Spread”), or such lower amount as may be determined by the Programme Swap Counterparty 
and notified to the Issuer, the Transaction Parties and the Securityholders from time to time,

--- Page 95 ---
95 
provided that the Issuer shall procure (and the Programme Swap Counterparty has agreed) that 
Securityholders shall be given not less than 30 calendar days’ prior notice in accordance with 
Condition 19 of any change to the Gold Spread and if the scheduled day notified for any such 
change is not a Scheduled Valuation Day, the change to the Gold Spread shall take effect on the 
first following Scheduled Valuation Day. The current Gold Spread and any proposed change to the 
Gold Spread shall be published on the website maintained on behalf of the Issuer at 
www.etc.db.com (or such other website as may be notified to Securityholders in accordance with 
Condition 19 from time to time). The Gold Spread as at the [To be specified in Final Terms – Series 
Issue Date/Issue Date] is [To be specified in Final Terms – ●]. 
“Index” means [To be specified in Final Terms – ●] and any Successor Index thereto. 
“Index Sponsor” means the corporation or entity that (a) is responsible for setting and reviewing 
the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to the 
Index and (b) announces (directly or through an agent) the level of the Index on a regular basis, 
failing whom such person acceptable to the Swap Calculation Agent who calculates and announces 
the Index or any agent or person acting on behalf of such person, in each case as determined by 
the Swap Calculation Agent under the Swap Agreement and notified to the Issuer, the Swap 
Counterparty, the Determination Agent and the Programme Swap Counterparty from time to time. 
The Index Sponsor as at the [To be specified in Final Terms – Series Issue Date/Issue Date] is [To 
be specified in Final Terms – ●]. The Issuer shall notify Securityholders in accordance with Condition 
19 of any change to the Index Sponsor determined by the Swap Calculation Agent as soon as 
reasonably practicable after the Issuer is notified of any such change by the Swap Calculation 
Agent.  
“Lease Rate” means, in relation to a Fee Calculation Reset Day, the rate equal to the Gold lending 
rate for a period of three calendar months (expressed as a percentage per annum) equal to the 
LIBOR Rate minus the GOFO rate in respect of such Fee Calculation Reset Day as determined by 
the Determination Agent. If the Programme Swap Counterparty does not calculate and notify the 
Determination Agent of the LIBOR Rate and the GOFO rate in respect of any Fee Calculation Reset 
Day within the time required by the Determination Agent for it to make the necessary determinations 
and calculations under the Conditions, the Lease Rate in respect of such Fee Calculation Reset 
Day shall be deemed to be equal to the Lease Rate for the immediately preceding Fee Calculation 
Reset Day and the Determination Agent shall have no liability to any person in respect thereof. The 
Lease Rate in respect of each Fee Calculation Reset Day shall be published on the website 
maintained on behalf of the Issuer at www.etc.dws.com (or such other website as may be notified 
to Securityholders in accordance with Condition 19 from time to time). The Lease Rate as at the [To 
be specified in Final Terms - Series Issue Date/Issue Date] is [To be specified in Final Terms – ●]. 
“LIBOR Rate” means, in relation to a Fee Calculation Reset Day, the rate determined by the 
Programme Swap Counterparty (expressed as a percentage per annum) equal to the British 
Bankers Association Interest Settlement Rate published on the Reuters Screen “LIBOR01” Page 
under the column “USD” for a period of three months (or such successor screen page thereto 
determined by the Programme Swap Counterparty). If such rate does not appear on the Reuters 
Screen LIBOR01 Page (or any successor screen page thereto), the LIBOR Rate for such Fee 
Calculation Reset Day shall be deemed to be equal to the rate last published on the Reuters Screen 
LIBOR01 Page, provided that if the Reuters Screen “LIBOR01” Page (or such successor screen 
page thereto) ceases to exist or to publish the relevant rate and the Programme Swap Counterparty 
determines that no such successor screen page exists the LIBOR rate for such Fee Calculation 
Reset Day shall be determined by the Programme Swap Counterparty in good faith and notified to 
the Issuer and the Determination Agent.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
“Product Fee Percentage” means [To be specified in Final Terms – ●] per cent. per annum (the 
“Maximum Product Fee Percentage”), or such lower amount as may be determined by the 
Programme Swap Counterparty and notified to the Issuer, the Transaction Parties and the 
Securityholders from time to time, provided that the Issuer shall procure (and the Programme Swap 
Counterparty has agreed) that Securityholders shall be given not less than 30 calendar days’ prior 
notice in accordance with Condition 19 of any change to the Product Fee Percentage and if the 
scheduled day notified for any such change is not a Scheduled Valuation Day, the change to the 
Product Fee Percentage shall take effect on the first following Scheduled Valuation Day. The current 
Product Fee Percentage and any proposed change to the Product Fee Percentage shall be 
published on the website maintained on behalf of the Issuer at www.etc.db.com (or such other 
website as may be notified to Securityholders in accordance with Condition 19 from time to time). 
The Product Fee Percentage as at the [To be specified in Final Terms - Series Issue Date/Issue 
Date] is [To be specified in Final Terms – ●]. 
“Swap Replication Fee Percentage” means [If Swap Replication Fee Percentage is Not 
Applicable, text will apply or be inserted – 0.0 per cent. per annum.]/[[If Swap Replication Fee 
Percentage is Applicable, to be specified in Final Terms – ●] per cent. per annum (the “Maximum 
Swap Replication Fee Percentage”), or such lower amount as may be determined by the 
Programme Swap Counterparty and notified to the Issuer, the Transaction Parties and the 
Securityholders from time to time, provided that the Issuer shall procure (and the Programme Swap 
Counterparty has agreed) that Securityholders shall be given not less than 30 calendar days’ prior 
notice in accordance with Condition 19 of any change to the Swap Replication Fee Percentage and 
if the scheduled day notified for any such change is not a Scheduled Valuation Day, the change to 
the Swap Replication Fee Percentage shall take effect on the first following Scheduled Valuation 
Day. The current Swap Replication Fee Percentage and any proposed change to the Swap 
Replication Fee Percentage shall be published on the website maintained on behalf of the Issuer at 
www.etc.db.com (or such other website as may be notified to Securityholders in accordance with 
Condition 19 from time to time). The Swap Replication Fee Percentage as at the [If Swap Replication 
Fee Percentage is Applicable, to be specified in Final Terms – Series Issue Date/Issue Date] is [If 
Swap Replication Fee Percentage is Applicable, to be specified in Final Terms –[•] per cent.] 
6 
Security 
(a) 
Security 
(i) 
The Secured Issuer Obligations are secured in favour of the Trustee, pursuant to the Security 
Deed, by: 
(A) 
an assignment by way of security of all of the Issuer’s rights, title, interest and benefit 
present and future in, to and under the Agency Agreement, the Custody Agreement, 
the Determination Agent Agreement, the Authorised Participant Agreement and any 
other agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Liquidation Agent to the 
extent that they relate to the ETC Securities; 
(B) 
an assignment by way of security of the Issuer’s rights, title, interest and benefit 
present and future in, to and under the Swap Agreement and each Credit Support 
Document and a first fixed charge over all property, sums or assets received by the 
Issuer (or by an Agent on behalf of the Issuer) under the Swap Agreement and 
received by the Issuer (or by an Agent on behalf of the Issuer) in connection with the 
enforcement of the security granted in favour of the Issuer under the Credit Support 
Deed and/or the enforcement of the Issuer’s rights under any other Credit Support 
Document; and

--- Page 97 ---
97 
(C) 
a first fixed charge over (a) all sums held now or in the future by the Issuing and Paying 
Agent [If Uncertificated Registered Securities, text will apply or be inserted -, and/or 
the Registrar] and/or the Custodian to meet payments due in respect of any Secured 
Issuer Obligation or Other Issuer Obligation relating to the ETC Securities, (b) any 
sums of money, securities, commodities, financial instruments or other property 
received or receivable now or in the future by the Issuer under the Swap Agreement 
and/or any Credit Support Document, (c) all of the Issuer’s rights as against the 
Custodian and/or any Sub-Custodian in respect of any sum or property now or in the 
future standing to the credit of the accounts of the Issuer with the Custodian or of the 
Custodian (on behalf of the Issuer) with any Sub-Custodian relating to this Series of 
ETC Securities and (d) all sums, commodities, securities and any other property held 
or received by the Liquidation Agent relating to the Swap Agreement, the Credit 
Support Deed, any other Credit Support Document and the ETC Securities. 
(ii) 
The Security is granted to the Trustee as continuing Security for the Secured Issuer 
Obligations. In accordance with the Security Deed, prior to any enforcement of the Security, 
the Trustee will be deemed to release from such Security without the need for any notice or 
other formalities: 
(A) 
sums held by the Issuing and Paying Agent [If Uncertificated Registered Securities, 
text will apply or be inserted –, the Registrar], the Custodian and/or the Liquidation 
Agent, as applicable, to the extent required for payment of any sum in respect of the 
ETC Securities and/or under the Transaction Documents which is due and payable to 
be duly made (which for the avoidance of doubt shall include, without limitation, 
amounts payable in respect of Principal or default interest (if any) to Securityholders 
in accordance with these Conditions, amounts which the Liquidation Agent is 
permitted to deduct pursuant to Condition 6(d), amounts payable to the Swap 
Counterparty under the Swap Agreement in connection with the increase of the 
exposure under the Swap Transaction relating to a further issue of ETC Securities, 
amounts payable to the Swap Counterparty under the Credit Support Deed (if any) 
and Buy-Back Redemption Amounts payable to any Authorised Participant by the 
Issuer); 
(B) 
any part of the Secured Property when it becomes payable to the extent that payment 
of it may be obtained and duly paid to the Secured Creditors and/or the Other Creditors 
under the relevant Transaction Document(s) and/or to holders of ETC Securities; 
(C) 
any part of the Secured Property to the extent required to effect a transfer of Posted 
Collateral to the Swap Counterparty in accordance with the terms of the Credit Support 
Deed and/or to make any payments or deliveries (if any) under any other Credit 
Support Document; 
(D) 
at any time after the security under the Credit Support Deed becomes enforceable, 
any part of the Secured Property to the extent required to enable the Issuer and/or the 
Liquidation Agent to enforce the security under the Credit Support Deed and realise 
the Posted Collateral in accordance with Condition 6(d); 
(E) 
any part of the Secured Property to the extent required to comply with and subject to 
the provisions of Conditions 6(g) and 6(h); 
(F) 
any part of the Secured Property to the extent required to give effect to the substitution 
of the Posted Collateral under the Credit Support Deed in accordance with Condition 
11(d) and the Credit Support Deed;

--- Page 98 ---
98 
(G) 
any part of the Secured Property to the extent required to give effect to the transfer, 
novation or assignment of the Swap Agreement or the Credit Support Deed in 
accordance with Condition 11(b) and the Swap Agreement or Credit Support Deed, 
as applicable; and 
(H) 
a pro rata amount of the Secured Property in connection with the purchase and 
cancellation of any ETC Securities by the Issuer. 
(b) 
Money Received by the Trustee Prior to Enforcement of Security 
(i) 
Pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed, the Issuer agrees, on any date on which a payment 
of Principal under these Conditions in respect of any ETC Securities becomes due, 
unconditionally to pay the Trustee (or to the order of the Trustee) in same day funds, in 
accordance with the Trust Deed, the Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount, 
as applicable, in respect of the ETC Securities which is due and payable on that date together 
with any default interest payable in relation thereto under Condition 12(j). Notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in these Conditions or the Trust Deed, (1) payment of Principal due 
under the ETC Securities pursuant to the Conditions made to the Issuing and Paying Agent 
in accordance with the terms of the Agency Agreement shall, to that extent, satisfy the 
Issuer’s obligation to make payments of Principal in respect of the ETC Securities to the 
Trustee for the account of the Securityholders except to the extent that there is failure by the 
Issuing and Paying Agent to pass such payment to the relevant Securityholders (whether via 
payment through the Relevant Clearing System or otherwise) and (2) a payment of Principal 
made after the due date or as a result of the ETC Securities becoming repayable following 
an Event of Default or the occurrence of an Early Redemption Event shall be deemed to have 
been made when the full amount due has been received by the Issuing and Paying Agent or 
the Trustee and notice to that effect has been given to the Securityholders, except to the 
extent that there is failure by the Issuing and Paying Agent to pass such payment to the 
relevant Securityholders (whether via payment through the Relevant Clearing System or 
otherwise). Under the terms of the Trust Deed, the Trustee holds the benefit of this covenant 
on trust for itself and the Securityholders according to their respective interests. 
(ii) 
Subject to Condition 6(d)(iii) and save for any moneys received in connection with the 
realisation or enforcement of all or part of the Security, all moneys received by or on behalf 
of the Trustee in relation to the Issuer’s covenant to pay Principal pursuant to Condition 6(b)(i) 
will, despite any appropriation of all or part of them by the Issuer, be held by the Trustee on 
trust to apply them, subject to Conditions 20(kk) and 20(ll): 
(A) 
first, in payment or satisfaction of the fees, costs, charges, expenses and liabilities 
properly incurred by or payable to the Trustee under or pursuant to the Transaction 
Documents (including, without limitation, any Taxes (other than any income, 
corporation or similar tax in respect of the Trustee’s remuneration) required to be paid 
by the Trustee in connection with the performance of its obligations under the 
Transaction Documents and the Trustee’s remuneration); 
(B) 
secondly, in payment of any amounts owing to the holders of ETC Securities pari 
passu and rateably; and 
(C) 
thirdly, in payment of any balance to the Issuer for itself. 
If the Trustee holds any moneys in respect of ETC Securities that have become void or in 
respect of which claims have become prescribed, the Trustee will hold them on the trusts 
described above.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
(c) 
Application of Proceeds of Enforcement of Security 
Pursuant to the terms of the Security Deed, subject to Condition 6(d)(ii), and Conditions 20(kk) and 
20(ll), the Trustee will apply the proceeds derived from the realisation of the Secured Property 
(whether by way of liquidation or enforcement and after taking account of (x) any Taxes incurred, 
withheld or deducted by or on behalf of the Issuer and (y) any amounts which the Liquidation Agent 
is permitted to deduct from the proceeds of the realisation of the Posted Collateral in accordance 
with Condition 6(d) properly incurred by the Liquidation Agent prior to the enforcement of the 
Security by the Trustee (which shall have been certified (including the amounts due to the 
Liquidation Agent) by the Issuer and the Liquidation Agent to the Trustee which certificate shall be 
conclusive and binding)) as follows: 
(i) 
first, in payment or satisfaction of all fees, costs, charges, expenses, liabilities and other 
amounts properly incurred by or payable to the Trustee or any receiver under or pursuant to 
the Security Deed and/or the Trust Deed and/or any other Transaction Document (which for 
the purpose of this Condition 6(c) and the Security Deed shall include, without limitation, any 
Taxes required to be paid by the Trustee (other than any income, corporation or similar tax 
in respect of the Trustee’s remuneration), the costs of enforcing or realising all or some of 
the Security and the Trustee’s remuneration); 
(ii) 
secondly, in payment or satisfaction of the Issuer Series Fees and Expenses in respect of 
the ETC Securities (to the extent not paid to the Issuer or direct to the ultimate payee by the 
Arranger following the occurrence of an Arranger Bankruptcy Event); 
(iii) 
thirdly, in payment of any amounts owing to the Issuing and Paying Agent [If Uncertificated 
Registered Securities, text will apply or be inserted –or the Registrar] for reimbursement in 
respect of proper payment of Principal and default interest (if any) made to the relevant 
holders of ETC Securities; 
(iv) 
fourthly, on a pari passu basis, in payment of any fees, expenses or other amounts due to (I) 
the Issuing and Paying Agent, any other Paying Agent(s) [If Uncertificated Registered 
Securities, text will apply or be inserted -, the Registrar and the Transfer Agents] pursuant to 
the Agency Agreement, (II) the Custodian pursuant to the Custody Agreement, (III) the 
Determination Agent and the Programme Swap Counterparty pursuant to the Determination 
Agent Agreement and (IV) the Liquidation Agent pursuant to the Agency Agreement or such 
other agreement under which the Liquidation Agent (if any) is appointed; 
(v) 
fifthly, in payment of any amounts owing to the Securityholders pari passu and rateably; 
(vi) 
sixthly, in payment of any amounts owing to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap 
Agreement; and 
(vii) 
seventhly, in payment of the balance (if any) to the Securityholders. 
(d) 
Enforcement of Security Constituted Under a Credit Support Deed or Other Credit 
Support Document 
(i) 
If the Swap Agreement terminates and the Swap Counterparty does not pay in full the amount 
payable under the Swap Agreement when due and the security under the Credit Support 
Deed becomes enforceable in accordance with its terms, the Issuer shall use reasonable 
endeavours to appoint a Liquidation Agent as soon as is reasonably practicable (and 
provided always that the Issuer shall not be liable for any non-appointment of any Liquidation 
Agent or for any losses, damages, costs or expenses that result from any such non-
appointment) to assist the Issuer in the enforcement of the security granted under the Credit 
Support Deed. The Liquidation Agent shall be appointed as agent of the Issuer to realise the

--- Page 100 ---
100 
Posted Collateral under the Credit Support Deed in a timely fashion in accordance with the 
terms of the Credit Support Deed and applicable laws, until such time as the Security 
constituted under the Security Deed has become enforceable and the Trustee notifies the 
Liquidation Agent that it is enforcing such Security and to cease its activities in relation 
thereto. 
In appointing a Liquidation Agent, the Issuer shall act in good faith and shall seek to appoint 
a Liquidation Agent of good professional standing, having appropriate relevant experience 
and charging fees that are no higher than is commercially reasonable. The Issuer is under 
no obligation to obtain more than one quotation for such role and, where there is more than 
one candidate, may choose the entity it considers best suited to the role, regardless of 
whether other potential candidates would have charged lower fees. At any time after the 
security granted pursuant to the Credit Support Deed has become enforceable, the Issuer 
(or its agent) may authorise and direct the Custodian and/or any Sub-Custodian to deliver 
the Posted Collateral held by the Custodian or Sub-Custodian to, or to the order of, the 
Liquidation Agent. Pursuant to the terms of the Security Deed, the Security described in 
Condition 6(a) shall automatically be released without further action on the part of the Trustee 
to the extent necessary to effect the enforcement of the security granted under the Credit 
Support Deed and the realisation of the Posted Collateral; provided that nothing in this 
Condition 6(d) shall operate to release the charges and other security interests over the 
proceeds of the enforcement of the security under the Credit Support Deed and the 
realisation of the Posted Collateral. 
In realising the Posted Collateral, the Liquidation Agent may take such steps as it considers 
appropriate in order to effect an orderly realisation in a timely fashion (so far as is practicable 
in the circumstances), and may effect such realisation at any time or from time to time and 
may do so in one transaction or in multiple transactions. The Liquidation Agent will not be 
liable to the Issuer or to the Trustee, the Securityholders or any other person merely because 
a higher price could have been obtained had all or part of the realisation been delayed or 
taken place at a different time or had the realisation not been effected in stages. 
The Liquidation Agent shall be permitted to deduct its remuneration and any Taxes, fees, 
costs, charges and expenses arising from or connected with the realisation of the Posted 
Collateral and the enforcement of the security under the Credit Support Deed from the 
proceeds of any realisation of the Posted Collateral. The Liquidation Agent shall not be liable 
(x) to account for anything except the actual proceeds of any realisation received by it (after 
deduction of the amounts (if any) described above) or (y) for any Taxes, fees, costs, charges, 
losses, damages, liabilities or expenses arising from or connected with any realisation or 
from any act or omission in relation to any realisation or otherwise unless such Taxes, fees, 
costs, charges, losses, damages, liabilities or expenses were caused by its own fraud or 
wilful default.  
Subject as provided above, in carrying out any realisation, the Liquidation Agent will act in 
good faith and will sell at a price which it reasonably believes to be representative of the price 
available in the market for the sale of the relevant amount of Posted Collateral being disposed 
of in the relevant transaction. Without prejudice to anything in this Condition 6(d)(i), if the 
Posted Collateral comprises Gold, the Liquidation Agent shall use reasonable efforts to 
realise the Posted Collateral in such a way as to minimise any value added tax which may 
be charged, withheld or deducted on the realisation thereof which would reduce the net 
realisation proceeds (as compared to the position if no value added tax were due), save that 
nothing in this Condition 6(d)(i) shall require the Liquidation Agent to minimise any such value 
added tax in a manner which would itself reduce the net realisation proceeds.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
Subject as provided above, in carrying out any realisation, the Liquidation Agent may sell to 
itself, or any Affiliate of it, provided that the Liquidation Agent shall sell at a price which it 
believes to be a fair market price and, to the extent that the Posted Collateral comprises Gold 
and a sale to an LBMA member would minimise the value added tax which may be charged, 
withheld or deducted on the relevant sale as provided above (and thus maximise net 
realisation proceeds after deduction for the value added tax (if any) due thereon) and one or 
more LBMA members are willing to purchase the Posted Collateral at a fair market price, to 
an LBMA member.  
In respect of any other Credit Support Document which is not in the form of a credit support 
deed if the Swap Agreement terminates and the Swap Counterparty does not pay in full the 
amount payable to the Issuer under the Swap Agreement when due, the Issuer may, subject 
to the terms of such Credit Support Document, take such steps or action as it determines 
appropriate to enforce the terms of such Credit Support Document.  
(ii) 
Prior to the enforcement of the Security constituted under the Security Deed, the Issuer (or 
its agent) shall, subject to Condition 6(d)(iii), apply the proceeds of the enforcement of the 
security constituted under the Credit Support Deed and/or the proceeds of the enforcement 
of the Issuer’s rights under any other Credit Support Document, if applicable, after taking 
account of (x) any Taxes incurred, withheld or deducted by or on behalf of the Issuer and (y) 
any amounts which the Liquidation Agent is permitted to deduct from the proceeds of the 
realisation of the Secured Property in accordance with this Condition 6(d), as follows: 
(A) 
first, in payment or satisfaction of all Taxes, fees, costs, charges, expenses, liabilities 
and other amounts properly incurred by or payable to the Liquidation Agent (which for 
the purpose of this Condition 6(d) shall include, without limitation, any Taxes (other 
than any income, corporation or similar tax in respect of the Liquidation Agent’s 
remuneration) required to be paid by the Liquidation Agent in connection with the 
performance of its obligations under these Conditions and/or by the Liquidation Agent 
on behalf of the Issuer in connection with the realisation of any Posted Collateral, the 
costs and expenses of the Liquidation Agent in enforcing and/or realising the security 
under the Credit Support Document(s) and the Liquidation Agent’s remuneration); 
(B) 
secondly, in payment or satisfaction of all fees, costs, charges, expenses, liabilities 
and other amounts properly incurred by or payable to the Trustee or any receiver 
under or pursuant to the Security Deed and/or the Trust Deed and/or the other 
Transaction Documents (including, without limitation, any Taxes required to be paid 
by the Trustee in connection with the performance of its obligations under the Trust 
Deed and/or the Security Deed and/or the other Transaction Documents and the 
Trustee’s remuneration); 
(C) 
thirdly, in payment or satisfaction of the Issuer Series Fees and Expenses in respect 
of the ETC Securities (to the extent not paid to the Issuer or direct to the ultimate 
payee by the Arranger following the occurrence of an Arranger Bankruptcy Event); 
(D) 
fourthly, in payment of any amounts owing to the Issuing and Paying Agent [If 
Uncertificated Registered Securities, text will apply or be inserted – or the Registrar] 
for reimbursement in respect of proper payment of Principal and default interest (if 
any) made to the relevant holders of ETC Securities; 
(E) 
fifthly, on a pari passu basis, in payment of any fees, expenses or other amounts due 
to (I) the Issuing and Paying Agent, any other Paying Agent(s) [If Uncertificated 
Registered Securities, text will apply or be inserted –, the Registrar and the Transfer

--- Page 102 ---
102 
Agents] pursuant to the Agency Agreement, (II) the Custodian pursuant to the Custody 
Agreement, and (III) the Determination Agent and the Programme Swap Counterparty 
pursuant to the Determination Agent Agreement; 
(F) 
sixthly, in payment of any amounts owing to the Securityholders pari passu and 
rateably; 
(G) 
seventhly, in payment of any other amounts owing to the Swap Counterparty under 
the Swap Agreement; and 
(H) 
eighthly, in payment of the balance (if any) to the Securityholders. 
(iii) 
Pursuant to the terms of the Credit Support Deed, the Issuer (or any relevant Agent of the 
Issuer) will transfer to the Swap Counterparty any proceeds and Posted Collateral remaining 
after the enforcement of the security granted in favour of the Issuer under the Credit Support 
Deed and the liquidation of the Posted Collateral and set-off and/or application of the 
proceeds of such liquidation by (or on behalf of) the Issuer under the Credit Support Deed in 
satisfaction in full of the amount(s) due and payable by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer 
under the Swap Agreement and the Credit Support Deed (such remaining proceeds and 
Posted Collateral, the “Excess Credit Support Property”). The Excess Credit Support 
Property shall, at all times, be and remain the property of the Swap Counterparty and shall 
not be subject to or form part of the property to be distributed in accordance with the orders 
of priority in this Condition 6. 
(e) 
Enforcement of Security Constituted Under the Security Deed 
The Security over the Secured Property shall become enforceable if payment of Principal in respect 
of the ETC Securities is not made when due on the Scheduled Maturity Date or the relevant Early 
Redemption Date (if applicable). 
(f) 
Realisation of Security 
At any time after the Security has become enforceable, the Trustee may, at its discretion, and shall, 
if so directed in writing by holders of at least one-fifth in number of the ETC Securities then 
outstanding (determined on an outstanding (actual) basis) or by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Securityholders, in each case subject to it having been pre-funded and/or secured and/or 
indemnified to its satisfaction by the Securityholders, enforce the Security constituted under the 
Security Deed. 
To do this, it may, at its discretion, (i) enforce, terminate and/or realise any relevant Transaction 
Document relating to the ETC Securities in accordance with its or their terms, and/or take action 
against the relevant Obligor(s) and/or (ii) take possession of and/or realise all or part of the Secured 
Property over which the Security shall have become enforceable and may in its discretion, sell, call 
in, collect and convert into money all or part of the Secured Property, in such manner and on such 
terms as it thinks fit, in each case without any liability as to the consequence of such action and 
without having regard to the effect of such action on individual Securityholders and the Trustee will 
not be obliged or required to take any action or step which may involve it in incurring any personal 
liability or expense unless pre-funded and/or secured and/or indemnified to its satisfaction. 
The Trustee may, in writing, appoint a receiver of all or part of the Secured Property relating to the 
ETC Securities over which any Security shall have become enforceable and may remove any 
receiver so appointed and appoint another in its place. No delay or waiver of the right to exercise 
these powers shall prejudice their future exercise.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
Neither the Trustee nor any receiver appointed by it or any attorney or agent of the Trustee will, by 
reason of taking possession of any Secured Property relating to the ETC Securities or any other 
reason and whether or not as mortgagee in possession, be liable to account for anything except 
actual receipts or be liable for any loss or damage arising from the realisation of such Secured 
Property or from any act or omission to such Secured Property or otherwise unless such loss or 
damage shall be caused by its own fraud. 
The Trustee shall not be required to take any action in relation to the enforcement of the Security 
that would involve any personal liability or expense without first being indemnified and/or secured 
and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction. 
(g) 
Shortfall after Application of Proceeds 
In respect of the ETC Securities, the Transaction Parties and the Securityholders shall have 
recourse only to the Secured Property in respect of the ETC Securities, subject always to the 
Security, and not to any other assets of the Issuer. If, following realisation in full of the Secured 
Property (whether by way of liquidation or enforcement) and application of available cash sums as 
provided in this Condition 6, the Trust Deed and the Security Deed, as applicable, any outstanding 
claim against the Issuer in respect of the Secured Issuer Obligations remains unpaid, then such 
outstanding claim shall be extinguished and no debt shall be owed by the Issuer in respect thereof. 
Following the extinguishment of any such claim in accordance with this Condition 6(g), none of the 
Transaction Parties, the Securityholders or any other person acting on behalf of any of them shall 
be entitled to take any further steps against the Issuer or any of its officers, shareholders, corporate 
service providers or directors to recover any further sum in respect of the extinguished claim and 
no debt shall be owed to any such persons by the Issuer in respect of such further sum. 
None of the Transaction Parties, the Securityholders or any person acting on behalf of any of them 
may, at any time, bring, institute or join with any other person in bringing, instituting or joining 
insolvency, administration, bankruptcy, winding-up, examinership or any other similar proceedings 
(whether court-based or otherwise) in relation to the Issuer or any of its assets, and none of them 
shall have any claim arising with respect to the sums, assets and/or property attributable to any 
other securities issued by the Issuer (save for any further securities which form a single series with 
the ETC Securities).  
The provisions of this Condition 6(g) shall survive notwithstanding any redemption of the ETC 
Securities or the termination or expiration of any Transaction Document. 
(h) 
Issuer’s Rights as Beneficial Owner of Secured Property 
Without prejudice to Condition 16(a), at any time before any Security in respect of the ETC 
Securities becomes enforceable, the Issuer may, with the sanction of an Extraordinary Resolution 
or with the prior written consent of the Trustee: 
(i) 
take such action in relation to the Secured Property relating to the ETC Securities as it may 
think expedient; and 
(ii) 
exercise any rights incidental to the ownership of the Secured Property which are exercisable 
by the Issuer and, in particular (but, without limitation, and without responsibility for their 
exercise), any voting rights in respect of such property and all rights to enforce any such 
ownership interests in respect of such property.  
The Issuer shall not exercise any rights with respect to the Secured Property, unless it has the 
consents referred to above or is directed to do so by an Extraordinary Resolution and, if such 
direction or consent is given, the Issuer shall act only in accordance with such direction or consent, 
provided that, prior to the enforcement of the Security, the Issuer may release or modify the rights

--- Page 104 ---
104 
and assets which are comprised in the Secured Property without any further action or consent being 
required on the part of the Trustee to the extent necessary in connection with any of the 
circumstances described in Condition 6(a) in relation to which the Security over such Secured 
Property is released. 
7 
Restrictions 
So long as any of the ETC Securities remain outstanding, the Issuer shall not, without the prior written 
consent of the Trustee and, other than in respect of paragraphs (ii), (iii) and (vi), the Arranger and the 
Programme Swap Counterparty: 
(i) 
engage in any business activities, save that the Issuer may without consent engage in any of the 
following activities (or any other business activity which relates to or is incidental thereto): 
(A) 
issue, enter into, amend, exchange or repurchase and cancel or reissue or resell all or some 
only of the ETC Securities of any Series under the Programme as may be provided in these 
Conditions and the Trust Deed and the Transaction Documents and in connection therewith 
enter into or amend Transaction Documents accordingly; 
(B) 
acquire and own rights, property or other assets which are to comprise Secured Property for 
a Series of ETC Securities issued under the Programme so as to enable it to discharge its 
obligations under such Series, and any relevant Transaction Document relating to such 
Series; 
(C) 
perform its respective obligations under any ETC Securities issued under the Programme, 
and any relevant Transaction Document entered into in connection with such Series, and any 
agreements incidental to the granting of Security relating to any such Series of ETC 
Securities or incidental to the issue and constitution of any Series of ETC Securities issued 
under the Programme; 
(D) 
engage in any activity in relation to the Secured Property, the Posted Collateral, the Swap 
Agreement, any Credit Support Document or any other Transaction Document contemplated 
by the Conditions, the Swap Agreement, the Credit Support Deed or such Transaction 
Document relating to any Series of ETC Securities; 
(E) 
subject as provided in the relevant Trust Deed, the relevant Security Deed and in the 
Conditions relating to any Series of ETC Securities enforce any of its rights whether under 
the relevant Trust Deed, the relevant Security Deed, any other Transaction Document or 
otherwise under any agreement entered into in relation to any Series of ETC Securities or 
any Secured Property relating to any such Series; and 
(F) 
perform any other act incidental to or necessary in connection with any of the above (which 
shall include, without limitation, the appointment of auditors and any other administrative or 
management functions necessary to maintain the Issuer and/or to keep it operating and/or to 
comply with any laws, regulations or rules applicable to it);  
(ii) 
cause or permit the Swap Agreement, any Credit Support Document or the terms of the Security 
granted under the Security Deed and the order of priority specified in the Conditions, the Trust Deed 
and the Security Deed, as applicable, to be amended, terminated or discharged (other than as 
contemplated by the relevant Trust Deed, Security Deed, Swap Agreement, Credit Support 
Document and/or the Conditions relating to such Series of ETC Securities); 
(iii) 
release any party to any Swap Agreement, any Credit Support Document, the relevant Trust Deed, 
the relevant Security Deed or any other relevant Transaction Document relating to a Series of ETC 
Securities from any existing obligations thereunder (other than as contemplated by the relevant

--- Page 105 ---
105 
Trust Deed, Security Deed, Swap Agreement, Credit Support Document and/or the Conditions 
relating to such Series of ETC Securities); 
(iv) 
have any subsidiaries; 
(v) 
sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of the Secured Assets, the Secured Swap Rights, the Secured 
Agent Rights or any other part of the Secured Property in respect of any Series of ETC Securities 
or any right or interest therein or thereto or create or allow to exist any charge, lien or other 
encumbrance over such Secured Property (to the extent it relates to the Issuer) except in 
accordance with the Conditions of the relevant ETC Securities of any such Series, the Swap 
Agreement and/or any Credit Support Document relating to any such Series, the relevant Agency 
Agreement, the relevant Trust Deed for any such Series, the relevant Security Deed and any other 
Transaction Document relating to any such Series as may be applicable; 
(vi) 
consent to any variation of, or exercise any powers or consent or waiver pursuant to, the terms of 
any Swap Agreement, any Credit Support Document, the Conditions, the relevant Trust Deed, the 
relevant Security Deed or any other Transaction Document relating to any Series of ETC Securities 
(other than as contemplated by the Conditions and the relevant Transaction Documents); 
(vii) 
consolidate or merge with any other person or convey or transfer its properties or assets 
substantially as an entirety to any person (other than as contemplated by the relevant Trust Deed 
and the Conditions for any Series of ETC Securities); 
(viii) 
have any employees; 
(ix) 
issue any shares (other than such shares in the capital of the Issuer as were issued at the time of 
its incorporation and which are held on charitable trust by the subscribers currently being Elian 
Nominees (Jersey) Limited and Naile Nominees (Jersey) Limited) or make any distribution to its 
shareholders; 
(x) 
open or have any interest in any account with a bank or financial institution other than the Reserve 
Trust Account unless such account (A) relates to a Series of ETC Securities, a Custody Agreement, 
a Swap Agreement or a Credit Support Document or any Secured Property relating to a Series of 
ETC Securities or any party thereto and the Issuer’s interest in such account is simultaneously 
charged in favour of the relevant Trustee so as to form part of the relevant Secured Property relating 
to such Series of ETC Securities or (B) is opened in connection with the administration and 
management of the Issuer and only moneys necessary for that purpose are credited to it; 
(xi) 
declare any dividends, other than an annual dividend payable to the shareholder(s) of the Issuer in 
the aggregate amount of GBP 1,000; 
(xii) 
purchase, own, lease or otherwise acquire any real property (including office premises or like 
facilities); 
(xiii) 
guarantee, act as surety for or become obligated for the debts of any other entity or person or enter 
into any agreement with any other entity or person whereby it agrees to satisfy the obligations of 
such entity or person or any other entity or person; 
(xiv) 
acquire any securities or shareholdings whatsoever from its shareholders or enter into any 
agreements whereby it would be acquiring the obligations and/or liabilities of its shareholders; 
(xv) 
except as contemplated by any relevant Transaction Document and/or the Conditions relating to a 
Series of ETC Securities, advance or lend any of its moneys or assets, including, but not limited to, 
the rights, property or other assets comprising the Secured Property for any such Series of ETC 
Securities, to any other entity or person;

--- Page 106 ---
106 
(xvi) 
subject as provided in (i) above, incur any other indebtedness for borrowed moneys, other than 
(subject to Conditions 6 and 18) issuing further ETC Securities under the Programme (which may 
or may not form a single series with the ETC Securities of any Series and may or may not be 
guaranteed by a third party) and creating or incurring further obligations relating to such ETC 
Securities, provided that: 
(A) 
such further ETC Securities and obligations are secured on assets of the Issuer other than 
(I) the Secured Property relating to any other Series of ETC Securities and (II) the Issuer’s 
share capital; 
(B) 
such further ETC Securities and obligations are secured pari passu upon the Secured 
Property relating to the Series of ETC Securities with which such ETC Securities are to form 
a single series (as such Secured Property may be increased in connection with the issue of 
such further securities), all in accordance with Condition 18 of the relevant Series of ETC 
Securities; and 
(C) 
the Swap Counterparty agrees to increase the economic exposure under the relevant Swap 
Transaction relating to the Series of ETC Securities with which such ETC Securities are to 
form a single series by a pro rata amount in connection with such issue of further ETC 
Securities, 
provided that the Issuer shall not take any action (even where the prior written consent of the Trustee, the 
Arranger and the Programme Swap Counterparty is obtained) if such action is, in the opinion of the Issuer, 
inconsistent with the objects of the Issuer as specified in its Memorandum and Articles of Association. 
8 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed in whole or purchased and cancelled by the Issuer as provided below, 
each ETC Security shall become due and payable on [scheduled maturity date of the relevant Series 
to be specified in Final Terms] (unless such date is not a Scheduled Valuation Day, in which case 
that date will be the first following day that is a Scheduled Valuation Day) (the “Scheduled Maturity 
Date”) at its final redemption amount (the “Final Redemption Amount”), being an amount per ETC 
Security determined by the Determination Agent equal to the greater of: 
(i) 
the Value per ETC Security in respect of the Final Redemption Valuation Date as determined 
pursuant to Condition 5(b)(iii) using the Average Redemption Closing Index Level; and 
(ii) 
2 per cent. of the Issue Price per ETC Security as at the Series Issue Date (the “Minimum 
Redemption Amount”). 
If the term of the Swap Transaction has been extended as described in Condition 11(c) so that the 
scheduled termination date of the Swap Transaction is the same date as the Scheduled Maturity 
Date of the ETC Securities, the Issuer will be scheduled to receive an amount per ETC Security 
outstanding (determined on an outstanding (actual) basis) as at the Final Redemption Valuation 
Date equal to the Value per ETC Security in respect of the Final Redemption Valuation Date as 
determined pursuant to Condition 5(b)(iii) using the Average Redemption Closing Index Level. The 
Value per ETC Security in respect of the Final Redemption Valuation Date may be lower than the 
Minimum Redemption Amount.  
The ability of the Issuer to make payment of an amount equal to the Value per ETC Security as part 
of the Final Redemption Amount is dependent on its receipt in full from the Swap Counterparty of 
payments due under the Swap Agreement. To the extent the Issuer does not receive such payment 
in full the provisions of Condition 6 shall apply with respect to the enforcement of the Issuer’s rights

--- Page 107 ---
107 
against the Posted Collateral under the Credit Support Deed and its rights under any other Credit 
Support Document and the payment of any proceeds of any such enforcement shall be made in 
accordance with Condition 6. Such payments are also subject to the limited recourse provisions of 
Condition 6(g). As a result of such provisions, in such circumstances, the Securityholders may not 
receive in full the Final Redemption Amount payable in respect of an ETC Security. 
The Issuer shall give notice to the Securityholders of the Final Redemption Valuation Date and the 
relevant number of Observation Dates as soon as reasonably practicable after the Final Redemption 
Valuation Date. 
(b) 
Early Redemption Amount 
If any of the Early Redemption Events listed in Condition 8(d) occur, each ETC Security shall 
become due and payable on the related Early Redemption Date at its early redemption amount (the 
“Early Redemption Amount”) being an amount per ETC Security determined by the Determination 
Agent equal to the greater of: 
(i) 
the Value per ETC Security in respect of the Early Redemption Valuation Date as determined 
pursuant to Condition 5(b)(iii) using the Average Redemption Closing Index Level; and 
(ii) 
the Minimum Redemption Amount (as defined in Condition 8(a)(ii)). 
Under the Swap Agreement, the Issuer will be scheduled to receive an amount per ETC Security 
outstanding (determined on an outstanding (actual) basis) as at the Early Redemption Valuation 
Date equal to the Value per ETC Security in respect of the Early Redemption Valuation Date as 
determined pursuant to Condition 5(b)(iii) using the Average Redemption Closing Index Level. The 
Value per ETC Security in respect of the Early Redemption Valuation Date may be lower than the 
Minimum Redemption Amount.  
The ability of the Issuer to make payment of an amount equal to the Value per ETC Security as part 
of the Early Redemption Amount is dependent on its receipt in full from the Swap Counterparty of 
payments due under the Swap Agreement. To the extent the Issuer does not receive such payment 
in full the provisions of Condition 6 shall apply with respect to the enforcement of the Issuer’s rights 
against the Posted Collateral under the Credit Support Deed and its rights under any other Credit 
Support Document and the payment of any proceeds of any such enforcement shall be made in 
accordance with Condition 6. Such payments are also subject to the limited recourse provisions of 
Condition 6(g). As a result of such provisions, in such circumstances, the Securityholders may not 
receive in full the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of an ETC Security. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions or any Transaction Document, if at any 
time following the occurrence of an Early Redemption Event (the “Initial Early Redemption Event”) 
an event or circumstance which would otherwise constitute or give rise to an Early Redemption 
Event occurs (the “Secondary Early Redemption Event”) in respect of which the Early Redemption 
Valuation Date relating thereto occurs (or would occur) prior to the date that would have been the 
Early Redemption Valuation Date in respect of the Initial Early Redemption Event, the Secondary 
Early Redemption Event shall prevail and all references to the “Early Redemption Event” in the 
Conditions and the Transaction Documents shall be construed accordingly. 
The Issuer shall give notice to the Securityholders of the Early Redemption Valuation Date, the 
relevant number of Observation Dates and the Early Redemption Date of the ETC Securities as 
soon as reasonably practicable in accordance with Condition 19.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
(c) 
Issuer Call Redemption Event 
The Issuer may, on giving an irrevocable notice to the Swap Counterparty and the Securityholders 
in accordance with Condition 19, elect to redeem all the ETC Securities of this Series and designate 
an Early Redemption Valuation Date for such purposes, provided that the date designated as the 
Early Redemption Valuation Date shall not be earlier than the 60th calendar day following the date 
of the relevant notice (such notice an “Issuer Call Redemption Notice”). For the purposes of 
Condition 8(b), an Early Redemption Event in the form of an “Issuer Call Redemption Event” will 
occur on the Early Redemption Valuation Date designated in the Issuer Call Redemption Notice (or 
if such day is not a Scheduled Valuation Day on the first following Scheduled Valuation Day). The 
Issuer shall give a copy of the Issuer Call Redemption Notice to each of the Transaction Parties on 
the same date as such notice is given to the Swap Counterparty and the Securityholders. 
(d) 
Early Redemption Events 
Each of the following events shall be an early redemption event (each an “Early Redemption 
Event”): 
(i) 
on or after the Series Issue Date due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law, 
regulation, rule, order, ruling or procedure (including, without limitation, any tax law and any 
regulation, rule, order, ruling or procedure of any applicable regulatory authority, tax authority 
and/or any exchange) or due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by 
any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction (including, without 
limitation, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, any Commodity Regulatory Body or 
any relevant exchange or trading facility) of any applicable law or regulation (including any 
action taken by a taxing authority), the Issuer may give the Trustee, the Determination Agent, 
the Lead Authorised Participant, the Authorised Participants, the Issuing and Paying Agent, 
[If Uncertificated Registered Securities, text will apply or be inserted – the Registrar,] the 
Programme Swap Counterparty and the Swap Counterparty and the Securityholders in 
accordance with Condition 19 notice that all the ETC Securities of this Series are to be 
redeemed and designate an Early Redemption Valuation Date for such purposes, provided 
that the date designated as the Early Redemption Valuation Date shall not be earlier than 
the 30th calendar day following the date of the relevant notice (such notice an “Issuer 
Redemption Notice”), because: 
(A) 
it has (or reasonably expects that it will) become illegal for the Issuer to (x) hold, 
acquire or dispose of all of the types of Eligible Collateral, and/or (y) perform its 
obligations under the ETC Securities and/or the Swap Agreement and/or the Credit 
Support Deed; or 
(B) 
the Issuer would (or would expect to) incur a materially increased cost in performing 
its obligations under the ETC Securities and/or the Swap Agreement and/or the Credit 
Support Deed (including, without limitation, any increase in any applicable Taxes, any 
decrease in any applicable tax benefit and/or any other costs or liability to Tax of the 
Issuer relating to any change in any applicable tax law or regulation). 
For the purposes of Condition 8(b), an Early Redemption Event in the form of an “Issuer 
Change in Law or Regulation Redemption Event” will occur on the Early Redemption 
Valuation Date designated in the Issuer Redemption Notice (or if such day is not a Scheduled 
Valuation Day on the first following Scheduled Valuation Day); 
(ii) 
the Index Sponsor permanently cancels the Index and the Swap Counterparty determines 
under the Swap Agreement that no Successor Index exists and notifies the Issuer of such 
determination (such notice shall be copied to each Transaction Party (other than the

--- Page 109 ---
109 
Authorised Participant(s) and the Lead Authorised Participant)) (such notice an “Index 
Cancellation No Successor Notice”). For the purposes of Condition 8(b), an Early 
Redemption Event in the form of an “Index Cancellation Redemption Event” will occur on 
the fourth Scheduled Valuation Day following the date of the Index Cancellation No 
Successor Notice; 
(iii) 
the Swap Transaction terminates in accordance with the terms of the Swap Agreement on 
the last day of its scheduled term and such day falls before the Scheduled Maturity Date of 
the ETC Securities. Under the terms of the Swap Agreement, the Swap Counterparty will 
give the Issuer not less than 90 calendar days’ prior notice, copied to the Programme Swap 
Counterparty, the Trustee, the Determination Agent, the Lead Authorised Participant, each 
Authorised Participant and the Issuing and Paying Agent, if the Swap Transaction is to so 
terminate. The Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable after receipt of such notice 
from the Swap Counterparty, notify the Securityholders of the Swap Counterparty’s election 
in accordance with Condition 19. For the purposes of Condition 8(b), an Early Redemption 
Event in the form of a “Scheduled Swap Redemption Event” will occur on the scheduled 
termination date of the Swap Transaction;  
(iv) 
a date occurs or is designated by the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty, as applicable (or 
deemed to have occurred or been designated automatically in accordance with the terms of 
the Swap Agreement), on which the Swap Agreement is to terminate in whole prior to the 
Scheduled Maturity Date of the ETC Securities (the date of termination being the “Swap 
Early Termination Date”). For the purposes of Condition 8(b), an Early Redemption Event 
in the form of a “Swap Agreement Redemption Event” will occur on such Swap Early 
Termination Date. Set out below is a description of the circumstances and events in which a 
Swap Early Termination Date may be so designated or occur. 
(A) 
Pursuant to the terms of the Swap Agreement, a Swap Early Termination Date may 
occur or be designated by the Issuer (or be deemed to have occurred or been 
designated automatically as described below) under the Swap Agreement if one of 
the following events occurs (each a “Swap Counterparty Event of Default”): 
(I) 
Failure to Pay: the Swap Counterparty fails to make, when due, (x) any 
payment under the Swap Agreement required to be made by it (other than 
payment of a Partial Early Termination Amount (as defined below)) if such 
failure is not remedied on or before the first Scheduled Valuation Day in the 
case of any such payment after notice of such failure is given to the Swap 
Counterparty by the Issuer under the Swap Agreement; or (y) any payment to 
be made in respect of a partial termination of the Swap Transaction relating to 
a buy back of ETC Securities as contemplated in Condition 8(e) (such payment 
a “Partial Early Termination Amount”), provided that with respect to a failure 
to make a payment of a Partial Early Termination Amount, if such failure is not 
remedied on or before the 15th Scheduled Valuation Day following the due date 
for payment (such day, the “Partial Early Termination Amount Remedy End 
Date”) a Swap Early Termination Date shall occur automatically on the first 
Scheduled Valuation Day following the Partial Early Termination Amount 
Remedy End Date; 
(II) 
Breach of Agreement: failure by the Swap Counterparty to comply with or 
perform any agreement or obligation (other than an obligation to make any 
payment under the Swap Agreement or to give notice of a termination event or 
event of default under the Swap Agreement or to provide certain information

--- Page 110 ---
110 
under the Swap Agreement) to be complied with or performed by the Swap 
Counterparty in accordance with the Swap Agreement if such failure is not 
remedied within 30 calendar days after notice of such failure is given to the 
Swap Counterparty by the Issuer under the Swap Agreement; 
(III) 
Repudiation: the Swap Counterparty disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or 
rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the validity of, the Swap Agreement, 
the confirmation relating to the Swap Transaction or the Swap Transaction (or 
such action is taken by any person or entity appointed or empowered to operate 
it or act on its behalf); 
(IV) 
Credit Support Default: each of the following (x) the Swap Counterparty or any 
Credit Support Provider of the Swap Counterparty fails to comply with or 
perform any agreement or obligation to be complied with or performed by it in 
accordance with any Credit Support Document and such failure is continuing 
on the date that is 10 calendar days after the date of notice of such failure is 
given to the Swap Counterparty or Credit Support Provider (as relevant) by the 
Issuer provided that such failure (1) does not occur in connection with the 
inability of market participants in general to acquire or transfer Eligible 
Collateral of the relevant type comprising the Posted Collateral, (2) does not 
occur in connection with the imposition of any limit, prohibition or other 
restriction imposed upon the Swap Counterparty or the Credit Support Provider 
by any applicable law, regulation, government or regulatory body or by reason 
of any force majeure, illegality or impossibility or (3) does not occur in 
connection with an error or omission of an administrative or operational nature 
where the asset(s) to be transferred were available to the Swap Counterparty 
or the Credit Support Provider to enable it to make the relevant transfer when 
due; or (y) any Credit Support Document expires or terminates or the failing or 
ceasing of any Credit Support Document or any security interest granted by the 
Swap Counterparty or such Credit Support Provider to the Issuer pursuant to a 
Credit Support Document fails or ceases to be in full force and effect for the 
purpose of the Swap Agreement (in each case other than in accordance with 
its terms) prior to the satisfaction of all obligations of the Swap Counterparty 
under the Swap Transaction and the Swap Agreement without the written 
consent of the Issuer; or (z) the Swap Counterparty or its Credit Support 
Provider disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or 
challenges the validity of, any Credit Support Document (or such action is taken 
by any person or entity appointed or empowered to operate it or act on its 
behalf); 
(V) 
Misrepresentation: a representation (other than certain tax representations 
given under the Swap Agreement) made or repeated or deemed to have been 
made or repeated by the Swap Counterparty or any Credit Support Provider of 
the Swap Counterparty in the Swap Agreement or any Credit Support 
Document proves to have been incorrect or misleading in any material respect 
when made or repeated or deemed to have been made or repeated; 
(VI) 
Bankruptcy: the Swap Counterparty or any Credit Support Provider of the Swap 
Counterparty: (1) is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger); (2) becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts 
or fails or admits in writing its inability generally to pay its debts as they become 
due; (3) makes a general assignment, arrangement or composition with or for

--- Page 111 ---
111 
the benefit of its creditors; (4)(A) institutes or has instituted against it, by a 
regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, 
rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its 
incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, a 
proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief 
under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ 
rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such 
regulator, supervisor or similar official, or (B) has instituted against it a 
proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief 
under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ 
rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such 
proceeding or petition is instituted or presented by a person or entity not 
described in clause (A) above and either (X) results in a judgment of insolvency 
or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its 
winding-up or liquidation or (Y) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or 
restrained in each case within 15 calendar days of the institution or presentation 
thereof; (5) has a resolution passed for its winding-up, official management or 
liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(6) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, 
provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar 
official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; (7) has a secured party take 
possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, 
attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or 
against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains 
possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or 
restrained, in each case within 15 calendar days thereafter; (8) causes or is 
subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any 
jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in clauses 
(1) to (7) above (inclusive); or (9) takes any action in furtherance of, or indicating 
its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any of the foregoing acts; or 
(VII) 
Merger without Assumption: the Swap Counterparty or any Credit Support 
Provider of the Swap Counterparty consolidates or amalgamates with, or 
merges with or into, or transfers all or substantially all its assets to, or 
reorganises, reincorporates or reconstitutes into or as another entity and, at the 
time of such consolidation, amalgamation, merger, transfer, reorganisation, 
reincorporation or reconstitution: (1) the resulting, surviving or transferee entity 
fails to assume all the obligations of the Swap Counterparty or such Credit 
Support Provider under the Swap Agreement or any Credit Support Document 
to which it or its predecessor was a party, as applicable; or (2) the benefits of 
any Credit Support Document fail to extend (without the consent of the Issuer) 
to the performance by such resulting, surviving or transferee entity of its 
obligations under the Swap Agreement.  
The Issuer shall give notice to the Swap Counterparty, copied to each Transaction 
Party and to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 19, if it designates a 
Swap Early Termination Date under the Swap Agreement or if a Swap Early 
Termination Date is automatically designated. 
(B) 
Pursuant to the terms of the Swap Agreement, a Swap Early Termination Date may 
occur or be designated by the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement if one 
of the following events occurs (each an “Issuer Swap Event of Default”):

--- Page 112 ---
112 
(I) 
Failure to Pay: the Issuer fails to make, when due, any payment under the Swap 
Agreement required to be made by it if such failure is not remedied on or before 
the first Scheduled Valuation Day after notice of such failure is given to the 
Issuer; 
(II) 
Credit Support Default: the Issuer fails to comply with or perform any agreement 
or obligation to be complied with or performed by it in accordance with the 
Credit Support Deed if such failure is continuing after any applicable grace 
period has elapsed; or the Issuer disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in 
whole or in part, or challenges the validity of, the Credit Support Deed (or such 
action is taken by any person or entity appointed or empowered to operate it or 
act on its behalf); or 
(III) 
Bankruptcy: the Issuer: (1) is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger); (2) makes a general assignment, arrangement or 
composition with or for the benefit of its Securityholders; (3)(A) institutes or has 
instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary 
insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its 
incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, a 
proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief 
under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ 
rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such 
regulator, supervisor or similar official, or (B) has instituted against it (other than 
by the Swap Counterparty or any of its Affiliates) a proceeding seeking a 
judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy 
or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is 
presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is 
instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in clause (A) above 
and either (I) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of 
an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or 
(II) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within 15 
days of the institution or presentation thereof; (4) has a resolution passed for 
its winding-up, official management or liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (5) becomes subject to the 
appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, 
trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for assets on which the 
liabilities of the Issuer under the Swap Transaction are secured pursuant to the 
Security Deed (other than the appointment of a trustee, custodian or similar 
person for the purpose of an issue of ETC Securities or other securities by the 
Issuer); (6) has a secured party (other than the Trustee) take possession of 
assets on which the liabilities of the Issuer under the Swap Transaction are 
secured pursuant to the Security Deed or has a distress, execution, attachment, 
sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against 
assets on which the liabilities of the Issuer under the Swap Transaction are 
secured pursuant to the Security Deed and such secured party (other than the 
Trustee) maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, 
discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within 15 days thereafter; (7) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable 
laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified 
in clauses (1) to (6) above (inclusive); or (8) takes any action in furtherance of,

--- Page 113 ---
113 
or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any of the foregoing 
acts. 
The Swap Counterparty shall give notice to the Issuer, copied to each Transaction 
Party (other than the Authorised Participant(s) and the Lead Authorised Participant), 
if it designates a Swap Early Termination Date under the Swap Agreement and the 
Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable after receipt of such notice, give notice 
thereof to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 19 and to the Authorised 
Participant(s) and the Lead Authorised Participant. 
(C) 
Pursuant to the terms of the Swap Agreement, a Swap Early Termination Date may 
occur or be designated by the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement if one 
of the following events occurs (each an “Additional Swap Termination Event”): 
(I) 
Hedging Disruption Event: the Swap Counterparty delivers a Disruption Event 
Notice relating to a Hedging Disruption Event under the Swap Agreement; or 
(II) 
Index Component Tax Event: in relation to a Component of the Index, any 
government or taxation authority imposes, changes or removes any Tax on, or 
measured by reference to such Component (other than a tax on, or measured 
by reference to, overall gross or net income) at any time on or after the Series 
Issue Date, and the direct effect of such imposition, change or removal is, in 
the opinion of the Swap Calculation Agent as notified to the Issuer and the 
Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement, to raise or lower the relevant 
Component Commodity Reference Price. 
The Swap Counterparty shall give notice to the Issuer, copied to each Transaction 
Party (other than the Authorised Participant(s) and the Lead Authorised Participant), 
if it designates a Swap Early Termination Date under the Swap Agreement and the 
Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, give notice thereof to the 
Securityholders in accordance with Condition 19 and to the Authorised Participant(s) 
and the Lead Authorised Participant. 
(D) 
Pursuant to the terms of the Swap Agreement, a Swap Early Termination Date will 
automatically occur on the date designated as the Swap Early Termination Date by 
the Swap Counterparty in the notice (if any) (a “Swap Optional Termination Exercise 
Notice”) given by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer (copied to each Transaction 
Party (other than the Authorised Participant(s) and the Lead Authorised Participant)) 
in respect of its right to elect under the Swap Agreement to terminate the Swap 
Transaction in full at any time subject to the requirement that the date designated in 
the notice must not be a date falling prior to the 60th calendar day after the date of 
such notice and that no Swap Counterparty Event of Default (or event which with the 
giving of notice or the lapse of time or both would constitute a Swap Counterparty 
Event of Default) or Swap Counterparty Termination Event has occurred and is 
continuing under the Swap Agreement on the date such notice is delivered. An 
“Automatic Additional Swap Termination Event” will occur on the date designated 
as the Swap Early Termination Date in such notice. 
The Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable upon receipt of any such Swap 
Optional Termination Exercise Notice, give notice thereof to the Securityholders in 
accordance with Condition 19 and to the Authorised Participant(s) and the Lead 
Authorised Participant.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
(E) 
Pursuant to the terms of the Swap Agreement, a Swap Early Termination Date will 
automatically be deemed to have been designated by the Issuer under the Swap 
Agreement on the Scheduled Valuation Day following the announcement by an ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee that it has resolved that a Bankruptcy 
Credit Event (as defined in the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (as 
supplemented from time to time)) has occurred with respect to the Swap Counterparty 
or any Credit Support Provider of the Swap Counterparty (a “Swap Counterparty 
Termination Event”). The Issuer shall as soon as reasonably practicable after it is 
notified in writing by a Securityholder or a Transaction Party of any such 
announcement by an ISDA Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee, provided 
that a copy of the announcement is provided to the Issuer and the Issuer is able to 
verify that such announcement was made on ISDA’s website, give notice of the 
occurrence of the Swap Counterparty Termination Event to the Transaction Parties 
and to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 19. For the avoidance of 
doubt, no Transaction Party shall be required to monitor whether any such ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee announcement has been made and shall have 
no obligation, responsibility or liability for giving or not giving any notice thereof to the 
Issuer. 
(F) 
Pursuant to the terms of the Swap Agreement, a Swap Early Termination Date may 
occur or be designated by any Tax Affected Party (as defined below) if the following 
event (a “Swap Agreement Tax Event”) occurs: 
(I) 
due to (1) any action taken by a taxing authority, or brought in a court of 
competent jurisdiction after the Series Issue Date or (2) a change in tax law, 
such Tax Affected Party would (or there is a substantial likelihood that it would), 
without regard to the provision of the Swap Agreement which provides that no 
party shall be required to make an additional payment with respect to any Tax 
deducted or withheld from a payment under the Swap Agreement, on the next 
day on which payments are scheduled to be made in accordance with the Swap 
Agreement, be required to pay an additional amount in connection with Tax 
which is indemnifiable under the terms of the Swap Agreement, or receive an 
amount from which Tax has been deducted or withheld (without receiving an 
additional amount with respect to such deduction or withholding) (such event 
being a “Change To Tax Event”); or 
(II) 
other than in respect of a Change To Tax Event, a party to the Swap Agreement 
will, or there is a substantial likelihood that it will, on the next succeeding day 
on which payments are scheduled to be made in accordance with the Swap 
Agreement, be required to make any deduction or withholding for or on account 
of Tax on any payment due from it under the Swap Agreement or a party to the 
Swap Agreement will, or there is a substantial likelihood that it will, on the next 
succeeding day on which payments are scheduled to be made in accordance 
with the Swap Agreement, receive a payment from which an amount is required 
to be deducted or withheld for or on account of a Tax,  
provided that no Swap Early Termination Date may be designated by a Tax Affected 
Party unless (x) an agreement to make a Tax Event Transfer (as defined below) has 
not been obtained by the Transfer Agreement Cut-Off Date (as defined below) or a 
Tax Event Transfer has not been executed by the Tax Event Transfer Period End Date 
(as defined below) and (y) the Swap Agreement Tax Event is continuing at the time of 
designation.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
For the purposes of a Swap Agreement Tax Event, both parties to the Swap 
Agreement shall be a “Tax Affected Party”. 
Under the terms of the Swap Agreement, following the occurrence of a Swap 
Agreement Tax Event, the Swap Counterparty may: 
(1) 
agree to transfer all of its rights and obligations under the Swap Agreement to 
an Eligible Counterparty (whether or not an Affiliate) in accordance with the 
terms of the Swap Agreement; or 
(2) 
require and request the Issuer to confirm its agreement to transfer all of its 
rights and obligations under the Swap Agreement to another person specified 
by the Swap Counterparty (but provided that such transfer is to a person who 
is being substituted for the Issuer in respect of the ETC Securities pursuant to, 
and in compliance with, Condition 16(c) and subject to the Swap Counterparty 
meeting all the costs and expenses of any such substitution and transfer),  
in each case so that the Swap Agreement Tax Event ceases to exist (such transfers 
being “Tax Event Transfers”). Under the terms of the Swap Agreement, the Issuer 
and the Swap Counterparty have 45 calendar days from the date of the notice of a 
Swap Agreement Tax Event (the “Transfer Agreement Cut-Off Date”) to agree to a 
Tax Event Transfer. Any such transfer so agreed is required to be completed within 
90 days of the relevant Transfer Agreement Cut-Off Date (the “Tax Event Transfer 
Period End Date”). 
(G) 
Pursuant to the terms of the Swap Agreement, a Swap Early Termination Date may 
be designated under the Swap Agreement by the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty if 
an illegality event and/or a force majeure event occurs. The party designating a Swap 
Early Termination Date will give notice to the other party, copied to each Transaction 
Party (other than the Authorised Participant(s) and the Lead Authorised Participant) if 
it designates a Swap Early Termination Date under the Swap Agreement in connection 
with an illegality event and/or a force majeure event and the Issuer shall, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, give notice thereof to the Securityholders thereof in 
accordance with Condition 19 and to the Authorised Participant(s) and the Lead 
Authorised Participant. 
(v) 
any of the Determination Agent, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Programme Swap 
Counterparty, the Custodian, [If Uncertificated Registered Securities, text will apply or be 
inserted – the Registrar,] the Lead Authorised Participant and/or all of the Authorised 
Participants in relation to the ETC Securities resign or their appointment in relation to this 
Series of ETC Securities is terminated for any reason and no successor or replacement has 
been appointed within 60 calendar days of the date of notice of resignation or termination or 
the date the appointment was automatically terminated in accordance with the Determination 
Agent Agreement, the Custody Agreement or the Agency Agreement, as applicable, and the 
Issuer gives notice (an “Agent Redemption Event Notice”) to the Transaction Parties and 
the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 19. For the purposes of Condition 8(b), an 
Early Redemption Event in the form of an “Agent Redemption Event” will occur on the fourth 
Scheduled Valuation Day after the date of the Agent Redemption Event Notice; 
(vi) 
if the Value per ETC Security in respect of the ETC Securities has not been published by or 
on behalf of the Issuer for 14 consecutive Non-Disrupted Scheduled Valuation Days (a 
“Publication Failure Event”) and the Trustee is notified in writing of such Publication Failure 
Event and directed in writing by holders of at least one-fifth in number of the ETC Securities

--- Page 116 ---
116 
then outstanding (determined on an outstanding (actual) basis) (a “Securityholder Notice 
and Direction”) to give a notice under this Condition 8(d)(vi) to the Issuer, the Trustee shall, 
provided that the Trustee has been pre-funded and/or secured and/or indemnified to its 
satisfaction, give such notice (a “Publication Event Redemption Notice”) to the Issuer, 
copied to each of the Transaction Parties. Any such notice and direction given to the Trustee 
pursuant to this Condition 8(d)(vi) by Securityholders must be substantially in the form set 
out in the Agency Agreement which is available from the Issuing and Paying Agent, any 
Paying Agent and/or the Trustee. For the purposes of Condition 8(b), an Early Redemption 
Event in the form of a “Publication Redemption Event” will occur on the fourth Scheduled 
Valuation Day following the date of the Publication Event Redemption Notice. The Trustee 
shall not be responsible for or liable to the Issuer, any Securityholder or any Transaction 
Party for investigating, verifying, determining or monitoring whether a Publication Failure 
Event has occurred or exists and, unless and until the Trustee receives a Securityholder 
Notice and Direction, the Trustee shall be entitled to assume that no such event has occurred; 
(vii) 
if the Value per ETC Security on two consecutive Non-Disrupted Scheduled Valuation Days 
is less than or equal to 10 per cent. of the Issue Price per ETC Security as at the Series Issue 
Date (the “Value per ETC Security Threshold Level”), the Determination Agent shall give 
notice (a “Value per ETC Security Threshold Level Notice”) to the Issuer, copied to each 
of the Transaction Parties. For the purposes of Condition 8(b), an Early Redemption Event 
in the form of a “Value per ETC Security Threshold Redemption Event” will occur on the 
fourth Scheduled Valuation Day following the date of the Value per ETC Security Threshold 
Level Notice; 
(viii) 
an Issuer Call Redemption Event occurs pursuant to Condition 8(c);  
(ix) 
if a Securityholder requests a firm bid price from one or more Authorised Participants for its 
ETC Securities on each of five consecutive Non-Disrupted Scheduled Valuation Days and 
no Authorised Participant provides the Securityholder with a firm bid price for such ETC 
Securities (a “Bid Price Request Event”), the Securityholder may deliver a notice in writing 
to the Issuer, each Authorised Participant and the Lead Authorised Participant notifying them 
of the occurrence of such Bid Price Request Event (a “Bid Price Request Notice”). If the 
Securityholder delivers a Bid Price Request Notice to such persons and none of the Lead 
Authorised Participant or any of the Authorised Participants provides a firm bid price to the 
relevant Securityholder on any of the 20 consecutive Non-Disrupted Scheduled Valuation 
Days from (and including) the date of the relevant Bid Price Request Notice (such 20th Non-
Disrupted Scheduled Valuation Day, the “Bid Price Request Period End Date”), an “AP Bid 
Price Event” shall be deemed to have occurred on such Bid Price Request Period End Date 
and such Securityholder may give notice thereof to the Issuer and the Lead Authorised 
Participant. Upon receipt of any such notice by the Issuer, and provided that any such notice 
is accompanied by evidence to the satisfaction of the Issuer that an AP Bid Price Event has 
so occurred, the Issuer shall, once satisfied of the occurrence of such AP Bid Price Event 
(for which purposes the Issuer may consult with the Lead Authorised Participant and the 
Authorised Participants), give notice to the Transaction Parties and the Securityholders in 
accordance with Condition 19 that the ETC Securities are to be redeemed prior to their 
Scheduled Maturity Date (an “AP Redemption Event Notice”) and, for the purposes of 
Condition 8(b), an Early Redemption Event in the form of an “AP Redemption Event” will 
occur on the fourth Scheduled Valuation Day following the date of such AP Redemption 
Event Notice;  
(x) 
if a Swap Counterparty Event of Default occurs and is continuing, and the Trustee is notified 
in writing of such Swap Counterparty Event of Default and directed in writing by holders of at

--- Page 117 ---
117 
least one-fifth in number of the ETC Securities then outstanding (determined on an 
outstanding (actual) basis) to give a notice under this Condition 8(d)(x), the Trustee shall, 
provided that the Trustee has been pre-funded and/or secured and/or indemnified to its 
satisfaction, give such notice (a “Swap Counterparty Default Redemption Notice”) to the 
Issuer and each of the Transaction Parties. For the purposes of Condition 8(b) an Early 
Redemption Event in the form of an “ETC Securities Swap Redemption Event” will occur 
on the fourth Scheduled Valuation Day following the date of the Swap Counterparty Default 
Redemption Notice. Any direction given to the Trustee pursuant to this Condition 8(d)(x) by 
Securityholders must be substantially in the form set out in the Agency Agreement which is 
available from the Issuing and Paying Agent, any Paying Agent and the Trustee. The Trustee 
shall not be responsible for or liable to the Issuer, any Securityholder or any Transaction 
Party for investigating, verifying, determining or monitoring whether a Swap Counterparty 
Event of Default has occurred or exists and, unless and until the Trustee receives notice from 
the requisite number of Securityholders and is directed in each case as aforementioned, the 
Trustee shall be entitled to assume that no such event has occurred; or 
(xi) 
if the Issuer becomes entitled to designate a Swap Early Termination Date following a Swap 
Agreement Tax Event, and the Trustee is notified in writing of such entitlement and directed 
in writing by holders of at least one-fifth in number of the ETC Securities then outstanding 
(determined on an outstanding (actual) basis) to give a notice under this Condition 8(d)(xi), 
the Trustee shall, provided that the Trustee has been pre-funded and/or secured and/or 
indemnified to its satisfaction, give such notice (a “Tax Event Redemption Notice”) to the 
Issuer and each of the Transaction Parties. For the purposes of Condition 8(b), an Early 
Redemption Event in the form of a “Tax Event Redemption Event” will occur on the fourth 
Scheduled Valuation Day after the date of the Tax Event Redemption Notice. Any direction 
given to the Trustee pursuant to this Condition 8(d)(xi) by Securityholders must be 
substantially in the form set out in the Agency Agreement which is available from the Issuing 
and Paying Agent, any Paying Agent and the Trustee. The Trustee shall not be responsible 
for or liable to the Issuer, any Securityholder or any Transaction Party for investigating, 
verifying, determining or monitoring whether a Swap Agreement Tax Event has occurred or 
exists and, unless and until the Trustee receives notice from Securityholders and is directed 
in each case as aforementioned, the Trustee shall be entitled to assume that no such event 
has occurred. 
(e) 
Purchases 
The Issuer may (without the consent of the Trustee or any Securityholder), from time to time, buy 
back all or some of the ETC Securities. Only an Authorised Participant may request that the Issuer 
buy back ETC Securities by delivering a valid Buy-Back Order subject to and in accordance with 
the terms of the Authorised Participant Agreement. The Issuer will only accept a Buy-Back Order 
and buy back ETC Securities if a valid Buy-Back Order is given by an Authorised Participant and all 
conditions precedent to a purchase of the ETC Securities are satisfied. The Issuer shall have no 
obligation to purchase ETC Securities and no obligation to accept any Buy-Back Orders from (but 
excluding) the 15th Scheduled Valuation Day preceding the Scheduled Maturity Date.  
In accordance with the terms of the Authorised Participant Agreement the Issuer will not be obliged 
to accept any Buy-Back Order and/or buy back ETC Securities if an Early Redemption Event has 
occurred and/or a Swap Early Termination Date has been designated or occurred under the Swap 
Agreement, and/or a Determination Agent Bankruptcy Event Notice, Index Cancellation No 
Successor Notice, Agent Redemption Event Notice, Publication Event Redemption Notice, Value 
per ETC Security Threshold Level Notice, AP Redemption Event Notice, Swap Counterparty Default 
Redemption Notice or Tax Event Redemption Notice has been delivered. If an Issuer Call

--- Page 118 ---
118 
Redemption Notice is delivered the last day on which the Issuer is required to accept a valid Buy-
Back Order shall be the 4th Scheduled Valuation Day preceding the related Early Redemption 
Valuation Date designated in such notice. If an Issuer Redemption Notice is delivered by the Issuer 
the last day on which the Issuer is required to accept a valid Buy-Back Order shall be the 4th 
Scheduled Valuation Day preceding the related Early Redemption Valuation Date designated in 
such notice. If the Swap Counterparty elects for the Swap Transaction to terminate on the last day 
of its scheduled term and such date falls before the Scheduled Maturity Date of the ETC Securities 
the last day on which the Issuer is required to accept a valid Buy-Back Order shall be the 4th 
Scheduled Valuation Day preceding the scheduled termination date of the Swap Transaction. If a 
Swap Early Termination Date is designated or occurs under the Swap Agreement (other than in 
connection with a Swap Optional Termination Exercise Notice), the last day on which the Issuer is 
required to accept a valid Buy-Back Order shall be the earlier of the date of the notice (if any) 
designating the Swap Early Termination Date or the Swap Early Termination Date, as applicable. If 
a Swap Optional Termination Exercise Notice is delivered by the Swap Counterparty, the last day 
on which the Issuer is required to accept a valid Buy-Back Order shall be the 4th Scheduled 
Valuation Day preceding the Swap Early Termination Date designated in such notice. If an Index 
Cancellation No Successor Notice, an Agent Redemption Event Notice, a Publication Event 
Redemption Notice, a Value per ETC Security Threshold Level Notice, an AP Redemption Event 
Notice, an ETC Securities Swap Redemption Event Notice or a Tax Event Redemption Notice is 
delivered, the last day on which the Issuer is required to accept a valid Buy-Back Order shall be the 
date of such notice.  
If a Determination Agent Bankruptcy Event Notice is given by the Issuer or the Programme Swap 
Counterparty, the Issuer shall not be obliged to accept any Buy-Back Orders until such time as a 
replacement Determination Agent is appointed in accordance with the Determination Agent 
Agreement or the Programme Swap Counterparty is making the requisite determinations and 
calculations in place of the Determination Agent pursuant to Condition 12(d). 
ETC Securities purchased by the Issuer from an Authorised Participant will be purchased on such 
terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the Authorised Participant on a delivery versus 
payment basis. All ETC Securities purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be cancelled. Any 
ETC Securities so cancelled may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in 
respect of any such ETC Securities shall be discharged. In accordance with the Security Deed, the 
Trustee will and will be deemed to release without the need for any notice or other formalities from 
such Security the relevant portion of the Secured Property relating to the ETC Securities so 
purchased and cancelled. 
[If Bearer Securities, text will apply or be inserted – All ETC Securities purchased by or on behalf of 
the Issuer shall be surrendered for cancellation by surrendering each such ETC Security to or to the 
order of the Issuing and Paying Agent and shall, together with all ETC Securities redeemed by the 
Issuer, be cancelled forthwith.] 
[If Bearer Securities in CGN form, text will apply or be inserted – Cancellation of any ETC Security 
represented by a Global Security that is required by these Conditions to be cancelled (other than 
upon its redemption) will be effected by a reduction in the number of ETC Securities represented by 
the Global Security representing such ETC Security on its presentation to or to the order of the 
Issuing and Paying Agent for endorsement, whereupon the number of ETC Securities represented 
by such Global Security will be reduced for all purposes by the number of ETC Securities so 
cancelled and endorsed.]/[If Bearer Securities in NGN form, text will apply or be inserted – On 
cancellation of any ETC Security represented by a Global Security that is required by these 
Conditions to be cancelled (other than upon its redemption), the Issuer will procure that details of 
such cancellation will be entered pro rata in the records of the Relevant Clearing System and, upon

--- Page 119 ---
119 
any such entry being made, the number of ETC Securities recorded in the records of the Relevant 
Clearing System and by the Global Security will be reduced by the aggregate number of the ETC 
Securities so cancelled.] 
In relation to any Buy-Back Order which has been accepted by or on behalf of the Issuer but in 
respect of which the Buy-Back Settlement Date has not yet occurred as at the date of the occurrence 
of an Early Redemption Event in connection with a Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event or Swap 
Counterparty Termination Event each such Buy-Back Order shall automatically be cancelled with 
effect from the date of the occurrence of such Early Redemption Event. 
If at any time after the occurrence of a Buy-Back Settlement Date in respect of which the relevant 
Authorised Participant has not delivered the relevant ETC Securities under the Authorised 
Participant Agreement an Early Redemption Event occurs or the Final Redemption Valuation Date 
occurs, the Buy-Back Order shall automatically be cancelled with effect from the date of the 
occurrence of such Early Redemption Event or the Final Redemption Valuation Date, as applicable. 
9 
Disruption Events, Adjustments and Postponement 
(a) 
Disruption Events 
Under the terms of the Swap Agreement, the Swap Counterparty may, with respect to any 
Scheduled Valuation Day (but is not obliged to), determine that one or more of the following events 
has occurred or exists (each such event a “Disruption Event”): 
(i) 
the Index Sponsor fails to calculate and announce the Closing Index Level of the Index (an 
“Index Disruption”); 
(ii) 
the Index Sponsor permanently cancels the Index (an “Index Cancellation Disruption 
Event”); 
(iii) 
the material suspension of, or a material limitation imposed on, trading in any commodity or 
commodity futures contract comprising the Index, as applicable (each such commodity or 
commodity futures contract being a “Component”), on any exchange or other trading facility. 
For these purposes, a suspension of the trading in the relevant Component on any Scheduled 
Valuation Day shall be deemed to be material only if (I) all trading in the relevant Component 
is suspended for that entire Scheduled Valuation Day; or (II) all trading in the relevant 
Component is suspended subsequent to the opening of trading on the Scheduled Valuation 
Day, trading does not recommence prior to the regularly scheduled close of trading in such 
Component on such Scheduled Valuation Day, and such suspension is announced less than 
one hour preceding its commencement. A limitation of trading in the relevant Component on 
any Scheduled Valuation Day shall be deemed to be material only if the relevant exchange 
or trading facility for transactions relating to the Component of the Index as determined by 
the Swap Counterparty (the “Relevant Trading Facility”) establishes limits on the range 
within which the price of the relevant Component may fluctuate and the closing or settlement 
price of the relevant Component on such day is at the upper or lower limit of that range (a 
“Trading Disruption”); 
(iv) 
the Relevant Trading Facility in respect of a Component of the Index is not open for trading 
for any reason (including a scheduled closure) (a “Non-Trading Day Disruption”); 
(v) 
the reference price used by the Swap Counterparty for transactions relating to any 
Component of the Index (the “Component Commodity Reference Price”) for a Scheduled 
Valuation Day has increased or decreased from the immediately preceding Scheduled 
Valuation Day’s Component Commodity Reference Price by the maximum amount permitted

--- Page 120 ---
120 
by the Relevant Trading Facility during the closing range (irrespective of whether transactions 
in the Component are settled by such Relevant Trading Facility at the “limit price” or another 
price) (a “Limit Price Event”); 
(vi) 
the permanent discontinuation of trading in any Component of the Index on the Relevant 
Trading Facility; the disappearance of, or of trading in, any Component of the Index; or the 
disappearance or permanent discontinuance or unavailability of the relevant Component 
Commodity Reference Price, notwithstanding the availability of the publication (or such other 
origin of reference, including an exchange or reference dealers) containing (or reporting) the 
relevant Component Commodity Reference Price (or prices from which the relevant 
Component Commodity Reference Price is calculated) as determined by the Swap 
Counterparty (a “Price Source” for the relevant Component) or the status of trading in the 
relevant Component (a “Disappearance of Component Commodity Reference Price”); or 
(vii) 
any event in connection with which the Swap Counterparty or any of its Affiliates is (or would 
be) (A) unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts to: (I) hold, acquire or dispose of 
any Component of the Index; (II) enter into, maintain, re-establish or unwind any hedging 
arrangement entered into by (or on behalf of) the Swap Counterparty in connection with the 
Swap Agreement and/or any Credit Support Document relating thereto; and/or (III) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any Component of the Index and/or hedging arrangement 
entered into by (or on behalf of) the Swap Counterparty in connection with the Swap 
Agreement and/or any Credit Support Document relating thereto, or (B) required pursuant to 
a ruling, direction or other instruction of (I) any applicable government, governmental or 
regulatory body or other relevant institution (including, without limitation, the Commodity 
Futures Trading Commission, any Commodity Regulatory Body or any Relevant Trading 
Facility) or (II) the board or internal management of the Swap Counterparty or any relevant 
Affiliate thereof to unwind or transfer to another entity all or part of any hedging arrangement 
entered into by (or on behalf of) the Swap Counterparty in connection with the Swap 
Agreement and/or any Credit Support Document relating thereto (a “Hedging Disruption 
Event”). 
(b) 
Disruption Event and Determination of Closing Index Level 
(i) 
If the Swap Counterparty determines that a Disruption Event has occurred or exists with 
respect to any Scheduled Valuation Day, the Swap Counterparty may (but is not obliged to) 
give notice of its determination to the Issuer (copied to each Transaction Party (other than 
the Authorised Participant(s) and the Lead Authorised Participant)) no later than 11:00 
London time on the immediately following Scheduled Valuation Day (such notice a 
“Disruption Event Notice”). The Swap Counterparty is not under any obligation to monitor 
whether or not a Disruption Event has occurred or is continuing with respect to any Scheduled 
Valuation Day and shall have no liability to the Issuer, any Securityholder or any other person 
for any determination or non-determination that it makes under the Swap Agreement. The 
Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable after receipt by it of a Disruption Event Notice, 
give notice thereof to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 19 and to the 
Authorised Participant(s) and the Lead Authorised Participant. 
(ii) 
If a Disruption Event Notice relating to a Scheduled Valuation Day (including, without 
limitation, the Final Redemption Valuation Date or Early Redemption Valuation Date and any 
other Observation Date) is delivered by the Swap Counterparty, then: 
(A) 
the calculation and publication of the Value per ETC Security in respect of such 
Scheduled Valuation Day shall be postponed in accordance with Condition 9(d); and

--- Page 121 ---
121 
(B) 
subject to Condition 5(b)(iv), the Value per ETC Security in respect of such Scheduled 
Valuation Day (other than the Final Redemption Valuation Date, the Early Redemption 
Valuation Date or any other Observation Date) shall be determined using the Closing 
Index Level determined in respect of such Scheduled Valuation Day by the Swap 
Calculation Agent under the Swap Agreement, notwithstanding that an official closing 
level for the Index may be published by the Index Sponsor for such Scheduled 
Valuation Day. The Closing Index Level determined by the Swap Calculation Agent 
under the Swap Agreement in respect of such Scheduled Valuation Day will be notified 
to the Issuer and each Transaction Party (other than the Authorised Participant(s) and 
the Lead Authorised Participant) pursuant to the terms of the Swap Agreement. If the 
Swap Calculation Agent does not notify the Determination Agent of its determination 
of the Closing Index Level for the relevant Scheduled Valuation Day in respect of 
which a Disruption Event Notice was given by 11:00 London time on the 11th 
Scheduled Valuation Day following such Scheduled Valuation Day, the Closing Index 
Level for the Index and such Scheduled Valuation Day shall be deemed to be the 
official closing level of the Index published in respect of such Scheduled Valuation Day 
by the Index Sponsor (or if no official closing level was so published, the last official 
closing level of the Index published in respect of a Scheduled Valuation Day preceding 
the Scheduled Valuation Day in respect of which a Disruption Event Notice was given). 
The Determination Agent shall determine the Value per ETC Security for the 
Scheduled Valuation Day in respect of which the Disruption Event Notice was given 
using such level by no later than 14:00 London time on the 11th Scheduled Valuation 
Day following the Scheduled Valuation Day in respect of which a Disruption Event 
Notice was given and promptly give notice of its determination to the Issuer (such 
notice to be copied to each Transaction Party (other than the Authorised Participant(s) 
and the Lead Authorised Participant)). The Issuer shall publish the Value per ETC 
Security so notified to it by no later than 16:00 London time on the 11th Scheduled 
Valuation Day following the Scheduled Valuation Day in respect of which a Disruption 
Event Notice was given; and 
(C) 
if such Scheduled Valuation Day is an Observation Date, then the Closing Index Level 
in respect of such Scheduled Valuation Day which shall be used in the determination 
of the Average Closing Index Level and the Value per ETC Security in respect of the 
Final Redemption Valuation Date or, if applicable, Early Redemption Valuation Date 
shall, subject to Condition 5(b)(iv), be determined by the Swap Calculation Agent 
under the Swap Agreement, notwithstanding that an official closing level for the Index 
may be published by the Index Sponsor for such Scheduled Valuation Day. The 
Closing Index Level determined by the Swap Calculation Agent under the Swap 
Agreement in respect of such Observation Date will be notified to the Issuer and each 
Transaction Party (other than the Authorised Participant(s) and the Lead Authorised 
Participant) pursuant to the terms of the Swap Agreement. If the Swap Calculation 
Agent does not notify the Determination Agent of its determination of the Closing Index 
Level for the relevant Observation Date in respect of which a Disruption Event Notice 
was given by 11:00 London time on the Scheduled Valuation Day immediately 
following the last day of the Closing Index Valuation Period, then the Closing Index 
Level for the Index and such Observation Date shall be deemed to be the official 
closing level of the Index published in respect of such Observation Date by the Index 
Sponsor (or if no official closing level was so published, the last official closing level of 
the Index published prior to the relevant Observation Date). The Determination Agent 
shall determine the Value per ETC Security in respect of the Final Redemption 
Valuation Date or, if applicable, the Early Redemption Valuation Date by no later than

--- Page 122 ---
122 
14:00 London time on the Scheduled Valuation Day immediately following the last day 
of the Closing Index Valuation Period and promptly give notice of its determination to 
the Issuer (such notice to be copied to each Transaction Party (other than the 
Authorised Participant(s) and the Lead Authorised Participant)). The Issuer shall 
publish the Value per ETC Security so notified to it by no later than 16:00 London time 
on the Scheduled Valuation Day immediately following the last day of the Closing 
Index Valuation Period. 
(iii) 
The Swap Calculation Agent will, in respect of each Scheduled Valuation Day in respect of 
which a Disruption Event Notice is delivered, determine the Closing Index Level in respect of 
such Scheduled Valuation Day in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating 
the Index last in effect save that: 
(A) 
in respect of each Component of the Index which is not affected by the Disruption 
Event such that the relevant Component Commodity Reference Price for such 
Scheduled Valuation Day and such Component (the “Relevant Component Price”) 
is, in the opinion of the Swap Calculation Agent, a tradable price, the Closing Index 
Level will be calculated using such Relevant Component Prices; and 
(B) 
in respect of each Component of the Index affected by the Disruption Event such that 
the Relevant Component Price is not, in the opinion of the Swap Counterparty, a 
tradable price, the Closing Index Level will be calculated using the Relevant 
Component Price for such Component in respect of the first immediately following 
Scheduled Valuation Day on which a Disruption Event in respect of such Component 
ceases to exist, unless such a Disruption Event continues to exist (measured from and 
including the original Scheduled Valuation Day in respect of which the Closing Index 
Level was to be calculated) for ten consecutive Scheduled Valuation Days, then the 
Swap Calculation Agent will determine the Relevant Component Price in respect of 
such Component on the eleventh Scheduled Valuation Day notwithstanding that a 
Disruption Event may or may not exist with respect to such Component on such 
eleventh Scheduled Valuation Day, taking into consideration the latest available 
quotation for the relevant Component Commodity Reference Price and any other 
information that it in good faith deems relevant, provided that if the Scheduled 
Valuation Day in respect of which the Disruption Event Notice was delivered is an 
Observation Date and such eleventh (11th) Scheduled Valuation Day would fall after 
the last day of the Closing Index Valuation Period, then the Swap Calculation Agent 
will determine the Relevant Component Price in respect of such Component and such 
Observation Date as equal to the Relevant Component Price determined by the Swap 
Calculation Agent in respect of the last day of the Closing Index Valuation Period, 
notwithstanding that a Disruption Event may or may not exist with respect to such 
Component on such day, taking into consideration the latest available quotation for 
the relevant Component Commodity Reference Price and any other information that it 
in good faith deems relevant. 
The Swap Calculation Agent will notify the Issuer and the Determination Agent (such notice 
to be copied to each Transaction Party (other than the Authorised Participant(s) and the Lead 
Authorised Participant)) of its determination of the Closing Index Level for the Scheduled 
Valuation Day in respect of which a Disruption Event was given by 11:00 London time on the 
Scheduled Valuation Day immediately following the date on which it makes such 
determination and in any event by no later than (i) 11:00 London time on the 11th Scheduled 
Valuation Day following the Scheduled Valuation Day in respect of which a Disruption Event 
Notice was given or (ii) if the Scheduled Valuation Day in respect of which the Disruption

--- Page 123 ---
123 
Event Notice was delivered is an Observation Date, 11:00 London time on the Scheduled 
Valuation Day immediately following the last day of the Closing Index Valuation Period.  
(c) 
Postponement of Settlement of Subscriptions and Buy-Backs 
If a Disruption Event Notice relating to a Subscription Trade Date or a Buy-Back Trade Date, as 
applicable, is delivered by the Swap Counterparty in respect of the relevant Subscription Trade Date 
or Buy-Back Trade Date, as applicable, then settlement of the related subscription or buy-back, as 
applicable, shall be postponed until the second Scheduled Valuation Day after the earlier of (i) the 
date of the notice from the Swap Calculation Agent of its determination of the Closing Index Level 
in respect of such Subscription Trade Date or a Buy-Back Trade Date, as applicable and (ii) the 
11th Scheduled Valuation Day following the Scheduled Valuation Day in respect of which a 
Disruption Event Notice was given. No additional amount shall be payable to any Authorised 
Participant (or any Securityholder acquiring ETC Securities from, or selling ETC Securities to, an 
Authorised Participant) in connection with the postponement of the settlement of any subscription 
or buy-back, as applicable. 
(d) 
Postponement of Determination of Value per ETC Security 
If a Disruption Event Notice relating to a Scheduled Valuation Day (other than any Observation 
Date) is delivered by the Swap Counterparty in respect of any Scheduled Valuation Day, then 
calculation and publication of the Value per ETC Security in respect of such Scheduled Valuation 
Day shall be postponed until the Scheduled Valuation Day following the earlier of (i) the date of the 
notice from the Swap Calculation Agent of its determination of the Closing Index Level in respect of 
such Scheduled Valuation Day and (ii) the 11th Scheduled Valuation Day following the Scheduled 
Valuation Day in respect of which a Disruption Event Notice was given.  
(e) 
Adjustments  
(i) 
Under the terms of the Swap Agreement, if the Swap Counterparty determines that an 
Adjustment Event (as defined below) has occurred or exists with respect to any Scheduled 
Valuation Day, the Swap Counterparty may (but is not obliged to) no later than 11:00 London 
time on the immediately following Scheduled Valuation Day give a notice in writing to the 
Issuer and the Swap Calculation Agent (copied to each Transaction Party (other than the 
Authorised Participant(s) and the Lead Authorised Participant)) stating that, in the opinion of 
the Swap Counterparty, an Adjustment Event has occurred or exists on the Scheduled 
Valuation Day specified in such notice (such notice an “Adjustment Event Notice”). The 
Swap Counterparty is not under any obligation to monitor whether or not an Adjustment Event 
has occurred or is continuing with respect to any Scheduled Valuation Day and shall have 
no liability to the Issuer, the Securityholders or any other person for any determination or 
non-determination that it makes under the Swap Agreement. 
(ii) 
Each of the following events is an “Adjustment Event”: 
(A) 
the Index Sponsor cancels the Index and a Successor Index is identified as described 
in Condition 10; 
(B) 
the Index Sponsor announces that it will make a material change in the formula for, or 
the method of, calculating such Index or in any other way materially modifies the Index 
(other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain the Index 
in the event of changes in constituent Components and other routine events); and 
(C) 
a Disruption Event.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
(iii) 
If the Swap Counterparty delivers an Adjustment Event Notice to the Issuer and the Swap 
Calculation Agent in respect of any Scheduled Valuation Day, the Swap Calculation Agent 
will pursuant to the terms of the Swap Agreement, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
determine in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner (i) whether in its opinion it 
is appropriate to make one or more adjustments to any of the terms of the Swap Agreement 
and any of the terms of the Conditions of the ETC Securities to account for the economic 
effect on the Swap Transaction and the ETC Securities of the relevant Adjustment Event and 
(ii) the nature and effective date of such adjustment(s). Under the terms of the Swap 
Agreement, the Swap Calculation Agent will notify the Swap Counterparty and the Issuer as 
soon as reasonably practicable following its determination that any adjustment to the terms 
of the Swap Agreement and any of the terms of the Conditions of the ETC Securities is or is 
not required (such notice an “Adjustment Terms Notice”). The Swap Calculation Agent will 
send a copy of each Adjustment Terms Notice to each Transaction Party (other than the 
Authorised Participant(s) and the Lead Authorised Participant) at the same time as it delivers 
such notice to the Issuer. The Issuer shall as soon as reasonably practicable following the 
receipt of any such Adjustment Terms Notice in which it is specified that an adjustment to the 
terms of the Swap Agreement or any of the terms of the Conditions is required, give notice 
of the relevant adjustment(s) and the effective date thereof to the Securityholders in 
accordance with Condition 19 and to the Authorised Participant(s) and the Lead Authorised 
Participant. With effect from the effective date of any such adjustment, the Issuer and the 
Transaction Parties shall take into account the relevant adjustment(s) so notified to it when 
making any determination and/or calculation it is required to make under the Conditions and 
the terms of the relevant Transaction Documents, as appropriate, and the Conditions of the 
ETC Securities and the terms of the Transaction Documents shall be construed accordingly. 
Neither the consent of the Trustee nor the consent of the Securityholders will be required for 
any such adjustment to the Conditions of the ETC Securities, provided that no such 
adjustment or amendment may be made which would, in the Trustee’s opinion, impose more 
onerous obligations on the Trustee without its consent. The Swap Calculation Agent is not 
under any obligation to monitor whether or not an Adjustment Event has occurred or is 
continuing with respect to any Scheduled Valuation Day or to take into account the interests 
of the Issuer or any Securityholder when determining whether any adjustment to the terms 
of the Swap Transaction and/or the ETC Securities is appropriate and the nature and 
effective date of any such adjustment and shall have no liability to the Issuer, the 
Securityholders or any other person for any determination or non-determination that it makes 
under the Swap Agreement. 
10 Successor Index 
Pursuant to the terms of the Swap Agreement, if on any Scheduled Valuation Day the Swap Calculation 
Agent determines that (i) the Index has not been calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor but has 
been calculated and announced by a successor sponsor acceptable to the Swap Calculation Agent or (ii) 
that the Index has been replaced by a successor index using, in the determination of the Swap Calculation 
Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the calculation 
of the Index, then the Swap Calculation Agent will notify the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty of such 
determination (each such notice will be copied to each Transaction Party (other than the Authorised 
Participant(s) and the Lead Authorised Participant)) and, with effect from the first Scheduled Valuation Day 
following date of such notice, such successor index or index calculated and announced by the successor 
sponsor (the “Successor Index”) shall be deemed to be the Index for the purposes of the ETC Securities 
and the Swap Transaction. The Issuer shall notify the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 19 and 
the Authorised Participant(s) and the Lead Authorised Participant as soon as reasonably practicable after

--- Page 125 ---
125 
receipt of any such notice from the Swap Calculation Agent of the replacement of the Index with a 
Successor Index. 
11 Swap Agreement, Swap Transaction and Credit Support Deed 
(a) 
Swap Agreement, Swap Transaction and Credit Support Deed 
In connection with the issue of the ETC Securities, the Issuer will on the Series Issue Date enter 
into the Swap Agreement and the Credit Support Deed with the Swap Counterparty. In connection 
with the issue of any additional Tranche of ETC Securities issued after the Series Issue Date, the 
Issuer will, subject to the consent of the Swap Counterparty, increase the economic exposure under 
the Swap Transaction by a pro rata amount. 
(b) 
Transfer of Swap Agreement and Swap Transaction and/or Credit Support Deed 
At any time prior to the occurrence of a Swap Counterparty Event of Default or a Swap Counterparty 
Termination Event, the Swap Counterparty may (subject to the consent of the Programme Swap 
Counterparty) novate, assign or otherwise transfer the Swap Agreement and the Swap Transaction 
thereunder and/or the Credit Support Deed to a single Eligible Counterparty, provided that (i) the 
Swap Counterparty and such Eligible Counterparty enter into arrangements satisfactory to the 
Issuer in accordance with the Swap Agreement and/or the Credit Support Deed and any other 
arrangements required by the Issuer (including, without limitation, the provision of such legal opinion 
as the Issuer may require), (ii) the Posted Collateral following such transfer is of the same type of 
Eligible Collateral as comprised the Posted Collateral prior to the transfer, (iii) following such transfer 
the Swap Agreement and/or Credit Support Deed, as applicable, are subject to the Security on the 
same terms mutatis mutandis as prior to such transfer and shall form part of the Secured Property, 
as applicable and (iv) not less than 60 calendar days’ prior notice of any such transfer is given to 
Securityholders in accordance with Condition 19. The Security to the extent that it relates to the 
Swap Agreement and/or Credit Support Deed, as applicable, shall be released in connection with 
any such transfer. 
(c) 
Term of the Swap Transaction 
As at the Series Issue Date, the Swap Transaction has a scheduled term of [To be specified in Final 
Terms – ●] (the “Initial Swap Term”). No later than 90 calendar days prior to the last day of the 
Initial Swap Term or Extended Swap Term (as defined below), as applicable, pursuant to the terms 
of the Swap Agreement the Swap Counterparty will elect (i) to extend the term of the Swap 
Transaction for a period of its choosing but being a period of not less than one calendar year and 
not more than the period remaining to the Scheduled Maturity Date (such period the “Extended 
Swap Term”) or (ii) for the Swap Transaction to terminate at the end of the Initial Swap Term or 
Extended Swap Term, as applicable. If the Swap Counterparty does not elect to extend the term of 
the Swap Transaction, a Scheduled Swap Redemption Event will occur and the ETC Securities will 
be redeemed in accordance with Condition 8(d)(iii). Under the terms of the Swap Agreement, the 
Swap Counterparty will notify the Issuer and each Transaction Party (other than the Authorised 
Participant(s) and the Lead Authorised Participant) of each such election. The Issuer shall, as soon 
as reasonably practicable after receipt of the notice of election from the Swap Counterparty, give 
notice thereof to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 19 and to the Authorised 
Participant(s) and the Lead Authorised Participant. 
(d) 
Substitution of Posted Collateral 
(i) 
As at the Series Issue Date, the Eligible Collateral transferred by the Swap Counterparty to 
the Issuer under the Credit Support Deed is [To be specified in Final Terms - ●]. Pursuant to 
the terms of the Credit Support Deed, if the Eligible Collateral comprising the Posted

--- Page 126 ---
126 
Collateral comprises Gold, the Swap Counterparty may, on giving the Issuer not less than 90 
calendar days’ prior notice (such notice a “Posted Collateral Substitution Notice”), transfer 
to the Issuer Eligible Collateral in the form of Eligible Financial Instruments (the “Substitute 
Credit Support”) in substitution in full for the Gold (the “Original Credit Support”) comprised 
in the Issuer’s Posted Collateral, provided that the Swap Counterparty may only give a 
Posted Collateral Substitution Notice if as at the date of such notice one of the following 
events has occurred: 
(A) 
the Swap Counterparty is not able to acquire or transfer Gold on the standard bullion 
markets in London for reasons affecting market participants generally and/or reasons 
which are not related solely to the creditworthiness of the Swap Counterparty;  
(B) 
in connection with a ruling, direction or other instruction of any applicable government, 
governmental or regulatory body or other relevant institution (including, without 
limitation, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, any Commodity Regulatory 
Body or any Relevant Trading Facility) the Swap Counterparty is not permitted or 
otherwise able to acquire Gold in the standard bullion markets and/or transfer Gold to 
the Issuer and/or it becomes impracticable for the Swap Counterparty to acquire Gold 
in the standard bullion markets and/or to transfer Gold to the Issuer in any substantial 
size (including in connection with any action taken by the board or internal 
management of the Swap Counterparty pursuant to any such ruling, direction or 
instruction); and/or 
(C) 
the Lease Rate is greater than 0.5 per cent. for 20 consecutive Non-Disrupted 
Scheduled Valuation Days. For this purpose, the definition of “Lease Rate”, “LIBOR 
Rate” and “GOFO” shall be the same as in Condition 5 save that such rates will be 
determined on each Scheduled Valuation Day (and not each Fee Calculation Reset 
Day) and with each component being determined by the Swap Counterparty (and not 
the Determination Agent or Programme Swap Counterparty, as applicable). No 
publication on any website maintained for or on behalf of the Issuer of the Lease Rate 
calculated in such manner shall be required. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Posted Collateral at any time may only comprise Gold or 
Eligible Financial Instruments and may not comprise a mixture thereof. The Swap 
Counterparty will give a copy of each Posted Collateral Substitution Notice to each 
Transaction Party (other than the Authorised Participant(s) and the Lead Authorised 
Participant) at the same time that it delivers any such notice to the Issuer. The Issuer shall, 
as soon as reasonably practicable after receipt of any Posted Collateral Substitution Notice, 
give notice thereof to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 19 and to the 
Authorised Participant(s) and the Lead Authorised Participant. The Issuer and the Swap 
Counterparty have agreed in the Credit Support Deed that Securityholders shall be given not 
less than 30 calendar days’ prior notice of any such substitution. 
(ii) 
Under the terms of the Credit Support Deed, any Posted Collateral Substitution Notice must 
be given within 60 calendar days of the date the relevant event described in Condition 11(d)(i) 
first occurred as determined by the Swap Counterparty and any related substitution may only 
take effect on a Fee Calculation Reset Day. 
(iii) 
If, at any time the Swap Counterparty wishes to substitute Posted Collateral comprising 
Eligible Financial Instruments in full for Gold, the Swap Counterparty may give a Posted 
Collateral Substitution Notice in relation thereto to the Issuer (copied to each Transaction 
Party (other than the Authorised Participant(s) and the Lead Authorised Participant)) and 
effect such substitution provided that (A) the Posted Collateral is substituted in full, (B) the

--- Page 127 ---
127 
substitution takes effect on a Fee Calculation Reset Day and (C) the Swap Counterparty 
gives the Issuer (copied to each Transaction Party (other than the Authorised Participant(s) 
and the Lead Authorised Participant)) not less than 90 calendar days’ prior notice of such 
substitution. The Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable after receipt of any Posted 
Collateral Substitution Notice, give notice thereof to the Securityholders in accordance with 
Condition 19 and to the Authorised Participant(s) and the Lead Authorised Participant. The 
Issuer and the Swap Counterparty have agreed in the Credit Support Deed that 
Securityholders shall be given not less than 30 calendar days’ prior notice of any such 
substitution. 
(iv) 
From the date of any substitution back to Gold, the provisions of Condition 11(d)(i) shall apply 
equally as if there had never been any prior Posted Collateral Substitution Notice. Subject to 
compliance with these provisions, there is no limit on the number of times that the Swap 
Counterparty can switch between Gold and Eligible Financial Instruments. 
12 Payments, Calculations, Agents and Records 
(a) 
Payments Net of Taxes 
All payments in respect of the ETC Securities shall be made net of and after allowance for any 
withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any Taxes. In the event that any withholding or 
deduction for, or on account of, any Tax applies to payments in respect of the ETC Securities, the 
Securityholders will be subject to such Tax or deduction and shall not be entitled to receive amounts 
to compensate for any such Tax or deduction. No Event of Default shall occur as a result of any 
such withholding or deduction. 
(b) 
Payments 
[If Bearer Securities, text will apply or be inserted – 
(i) 
Payments of Principal in respect of Definitive Securities shall, subject to Condition 12(c), be 
made against presentation and surrender of the relevant ETC Securities at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent outside the United States, by a cheque payable in the relevant 
currency drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, by transfer to, an account denominated in 
such currency with a Bank. “Bank” means a bank in [If the ETC Securities are denominated 
in a currency other than euro, text will apply or be inserted – [principal financial centre for the 
relevant currency to be specified in Final Terms]]/[If the ETC Securities are denominated in 
EUR, text will apply or be inserted – a city in which banks in general have access to the 
TARGET System.]] 
(ii) 
For as long as the ETC Securities are represented by a Global Security deposited with a 
Relevant Clearing System and held by the Relevant Clearing System or a common 
depository, common safekeeper or nominee, as applicable, on behalf of the Relevant 
Clearing System, the obligations of the Issuer under the Conditions to make payments in 
respect of the ETC Securities will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder 
of the Global Security, subject to and in accordance with the terms of such Global Security. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of the Relevant Clearing System as owning ETC 
Securities represented by such Global Security must look solely to the Relevant Clearing 
System for his share of any payment made by the Issuer to or to the order of the holder of 
the Global Security. Payments made to any person shown in the records of the Relevant 
Clearing System as owning any ETC Security represented by the Global Security shall be 
subject to and made in accordance with the rules of the Relevant Clearing System.] 
[If Uncertificated Registered Securities, text will apply or be inserted –

--- Page 128 ---
128 
The Issuer or the Issuing and Paying Agent on behalf of the Issuer shall pay or cause to be paid all 
payments under the Conditions in respect of the ETC Securities to the relevant Securityholder’s 
cash memorandum account (as shown in the records of the Registrar at the close of business on, 
for so long as the Uncertificated Registered Securities are held in a Clearing System, the Clearing 
System Business Day immediately prior to the date for payment, where “Clearing System 
Business Day” means Monday to Friday inclusive except 25 December and 1 January) for value 
on the relevant payment date, such payment to be made subject to and in accordance with the rules 
and procedures of the Registrar and/or the Relevant Clearing System, as applicable. Each of the 
persons shown in the Register as owning ETC Securities must look solely to the settlement bank or 
institution at which its cash memorandum account is held for each such payment so made by or on 
behalf of the Issuer. 
If the Uncertificated Registered Securities are not held in a Clearing System, payments on each 
Uncertificated Registered Security shall be made in the relevant currency by cheque drawn on a 
Bank on the relevant payment date and mailed to the holder (or to the first named of joint holders) 
of such Uncertificated Registered Security at its address appearing in the Register at the close of 
business on the General Business Day in Jersey immediately prior to such relevant payment date. 
Upon application by the holder to the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent before 
the relevant date for payment subject to and in accordance with the rules and procedures of the 
Registrar, such payment may be made by transfer to an account in the relevant currency maintained 
by the payee with a Bank). “Bank” means a bank in [If the ETC Securities are denominated in a 
currency other than euro, text will apply or be inserted – principal financial centre for the relevant 
currency to be specified in Final Terms]/[If the ETC Securities are denominated in EUR, text will 
apply or be inserted – a city in which banks in general have access to the TARGET System.]]] 
(c) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws 
All payments in respect of the ETC Securities are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or 
other laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment. No commission or expenses shall be 
charged to the Securityholders in respect of such payments. 
(d) 
Calculations and Determinations 
(i) 
The Determination Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date and/or at such time as 
the Determination Agent is required in accordance with the Determination Agent Agreement 
and the Conditions and any other Relevant Provisions, perform such duties and obligations 
as are required to be performed by it in accordance therewith. 
(ii) 
If (I) the appointment of the Determination Agent is terminated in connection with a 
Determination Agent Bankruptcy Event or (II) the Determination Agent resigns or its 
appointment is terminated and the Determination Agent fails to perform its duties and 
obligations under the Determination Agent Agreement in the period prior to the effective date 
of such resignation or termination, the Issuer shall as soon as reasonably practicable after 
becoming aware of the foregoing notify the Programme Swap Counterparty thereof. As soon 
as reasonably practicable after receipt of such notice (taking into account the time required 
for the Programme Swap Counterparty to put in place the relevant systems and procedures), 
the Programme Swap Counterparty has agreed in the Determination Agent Agreement to act 
as agent of the Issuer (or, if the Trustee so requests following the occurrence of an Event of 
Default or Potential Event of Default or after the Security has become enforceable, as agent 
for the Trustee) on a temporary basis, provided if the Programme Swap Counterparty is also 
the Swap Counterparty that no Swap Counterparty Event of Default or Swap Counterparty 
Termination Event has occurred or is continuing with respect to the Programme Swap 
Counterparty or if the Programme Swap Counterparty is not the Swap Counterparty that no

--- Page 129 ---
129 
Programme Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event has occurred, until such time as a 
replacement Determination Agent is appointed in accordance with the terms of the 
Determination Agent Agreement, and will make the determinations and calculations which 
the Determination Agent is required to make pursuant to the Determination Agent Agreement, 
the Conditions and the other Relevant Provisions and the Conditions and any relevant 
Transaction Documents shall be construed accordingly. In doing so, the Programme Swap 
Counterparty shall apply the provisions of the Determination Agent Agreement and the 
Conditions and the other Relevant Provisions, with any necessary consequential 
amendments, to the extent that, in its opinion, it can do so, and in all other respects it shall 
do so in such manner as it shall deem fair and reasonable in the circumstances.  
(iii) 
Under the Determination Agent Agreement, the Programme Swap Counterparty has agreed 
to give notice of the occurrence of a Determination Agent Bankruptcy Event to the Issuer and 
each Transaction Party (other than the Authorised Participant(s) and the Lead Authorised 
Participant) as soon as reasonably practicable after it becomes aware of the occurrence of 
such event. The Issuer shall give notice of the occurrence of a Determination Agent 
Bankruptcy Event to each Transaction Party and to the Securityholders in accordance with 
Condition 19 as soon as reasonably practicable after it becomes aware of the occurrence of 
such event. Any notice of the occurrence of a Determination Agent Bankruptcy Event given 
by the Issuer or the Programme Swap Counterparty shall constitute a “Determination Agent 
Bankruptcy Event Notice”. 
(iv) 
Under the Determination Agent Agreement, the Issuer has authorised the Programme Swap 
Counterparty in its capacity as the Issuer’s agent to (A) vary the appointment of the 
Determination Agent on giving the Determination Agent at least 60 calendar days’ prior notice 
to that effect (or such shorter notice period as the Issuer, the Programme Swap Counterparty 
and the Determination Agent may agree from time to time) provided that such variation is of 
an operational nature and which is, in the reasonable determination of the Programme Swap 
Counterparty, necessary to enable the Determination Agent to properly perform its duties 
and obligations under the Relevant Provisions. Any variation in the appointment of the 
Determination Agent will not be effective unless the Determination Agent has consented to 
such variation; and (B) to terminate the appointment of the Determination Agent in 
accordance with the Determination Agent Agreement. 
(v) 
Without prejudice to Condition 12(d)(v)(D), the Programme Swap Counterparty shall not be 
liable (whether directly or indirectly, in contract, in tort or otherwise) to the Issuer, any 
Securityholder, any other Transaction Party or any other person for any Loss incurred by any 
such person that arises out of or in connection with the performance by the Programme Swap 
Counterparty of its obligations under the Determination Agent Agreement, the Conditions or 
any other Transaction Document to which it is a party, provided that nothing shall relieve the 
Programme Swap Counterparty from any Loss arising by reason of acts or omissions 
constituting bad faith, fraud or gross negligence of the Programme Swap Counterparty (any 
such act or omission, a “Programme Swap Counterparty Breach”). 
(A) 
If the Programme Swap Counterparty would, but for the operation of this Condition 
12(d)(v)(A), be held liable for any Loss arising as the result of a Programme Swap 
Counterparty Breach, the Programme Swap Counterparty shall nevertheless incur no 
liability to the Issuer, any Securityholder, any other Transaction Party or any other 
person if such Programme Swap Counterparty Breach results from the Programme 
Swap Counterparty complying with any specific instruction or express direction from 
any director of the Issuer (whether received in electronic form or otherwise).

--- Page 130 ---
130 
(B) 
If the Programme Swap Counterparty would, but for the operation of this Condition 
12(d)(v)(B), be held liable for any Loss arising as the result of a Programme Swap 
Counterparty Breach, the Programme Swap Counterparty shall nevertheless incur no 
liability to the Issuer, any Securityholder, any other Transaction Party or any other 
person if such Programme Swap Counterparty Breach results solely and directly from 
either the failure by any other Transaction Party to provide any notice, instruction or 
direction which such Transaction Party is required or permitted to give under the 
Conditions or any relevant Transaction Document or a delay in the delivery by any 
other Transaction Party of any notice, instruction or direction which such Transaction 
Party is required or permitted to give to the Determination Agent and/or the 
Programme Swap Counterparty under the Conditions or any relevant Transaction 
Document.  
(C) 
If the Programme Swap Counterparty would, but for the operation of this Condition 
12(d)(v)(C), be held liable for any Loss arising as the result of a Programme Swap 
Counterparty Breach, the Programme Swap Counterparty shall nevertheless incur no 
liability to the Issuer, any Securityholder, any other Transaction Party or any other 
person if such Programme Swap Counterparty Breach results solely and directly from 
the reliance by the Programme Swap Counterparty upon a rate, amount, quotation, 
value or other calculation or determination which is made by another Transaction Party 
in accordance with the Conditions and the terms of any relevant Transaction 
Document and notified to the Programme Swap Counterparty pursuant to the 
Conditions and the relevant Transaction Document. 
(D) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the relevant Determination Agent 
Agreement, these Conditions or any other Transaction Document, the Programme 
Swap Counterparty shall not be liable to the Issuer, the Securityholders, any 
Transaction Party or any other person for any calculations, determinations (or any 
delay in making any calculation or determination), actions or omissions made by the 
Programme Swap Counterparty in connection with the performance of the duties and 
obligations of the Determination Agent pursuant to Condition 12(d)(ii) unless 
fraudulent or made in bad faith. Without prejudice to anything in this Condition 
12(d)(v), the Programme Swap Counterparty shall have the benefit of the provisions 
of Condition 12(f) relating to the Determination Agent in respect of any calculations, 
determinations, actions or omissions made by the Programme Swap Counterparty in 
connection with the performance by the Programme Swap Counterparty of the duties 
and obligations of the Determination Agent pursuant to Condition 12(d)(ii). 
(vi) 
The determination by the Determination Agent or the Programme Swap Counterparty, as 
applicable, of any amount, rate, value or of any state of affairs, circumstance, event or other 
matter, or the formation of any opinion or the exercise of any discretion required or permitted 
to be determined, formed or exercised by the Determination Agent under the Relevant 
Provisions in the case of the Determination Agent and under the Conditions, the 
Determination Agent Agreement and any other Transaction Documents to which it is a party 
in the case of the Programme Swap Counterparty are required under the terms of the 
Determination Agent Agreement to be made in good faith and shall (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, the Securityholders and the Transaction 
Parties.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
(e) 
Determination or Calculation by Trustee 
If at any time after the Security has become enforceable pursuant to Condition 6(e) and (i) the 
Determination Agent does not make any determination or calculation relating to the Value per ETC 
Security, Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount when required pursuant to the 
Conditions and the Transaction Documents and/or (ii) the Programme Swap Counterparty has not 
made any determination or calculation relating thereto and/or (iii) if the Programme Swap 
Counterparty is also the Swap Counterparty a Swap Counterparty Event of Default or Swap 
Counterparty Termination Event has occurred and is continuing with respect to the Programme 
Swap Counterparty or if the Programme Swap Counterparty is not the Swap Counterparty a 
Programme Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event has occurred, then the Trustee may make any 
determination or calculation in place of the Determination Agent (or may appoint an agent on its 
behalf to do so) provided that the Trustee shall have been pre-funded and/or secured and/or 
indemnified to its satisfaction. Any such determination or calculation made by the Trustee shall for 
the purposes of the Conditions and the Transaction Documents be deemed to have been made by 
the Determination Agent. In doing so, the Trustee shall apply the provisions of the Conditions and/or 
the relevant Transaction Document(s), with any necessary consequential amendments, to the 
extent that, in its opinion, it can do so, and in all other respects it shall do so in such manner as it 
shall deem fair and reasonable in the circumstances. The Trustee shall not be liable to the Issuer, 
the Securityholders or any Transaction Party for any calculations and determinations (or any delay 
in making any calculation or determination) so made unless fraudulent or made in bad faith. 
(f) 
Determination Agent 
(i) 
Subject as provided in the Conditions and the Determination Agent Agreement, the Issuer 
shall use all reasonable efforts to procure that there shall at all times be a Determination 
Agent for so long as any of the ETC Securities of this Series are outstanding. If the 
Determination Agent resigns or its appointment is terminated for any reason, the Issuer shall 
use all reasonable efforts to appoint a reputable entity that provides administration and/or 
collateral management services of a similar type to those required of the Determination Agent 
under the Relevant Provisions or a leading bank or investment banking firm (acting through 
its principal London office or any other office actively involved in such market) engaged in 
the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap, commodity or over-the-counter 
commodity futures and options or index options market) that the Issuer reasonably 
determines is capable of making the calculation(s) and/or determination(s) required to be 
made by the Determination Agent under the Relevant Provisions to act as such in its place.  
(ii) 
The Determination Agent shall not be liable (whether directly or indirectly, in contract, in tort 
or otherwise) to the Issuer, any Securityholder, any other Transaction Party or any other 
person for any Loss incurred by any such person that arises out of or in connection with the 
performance by the Determination Agent of its obligations under the Determination Agent 
Agreement, the Conditions and the other Relevant Provisions provided that nothing shall 
relieve the Determination Agent from any Loss arising by reason of acts or omissions 
constituting bad faith, fraud or gross negligence of the Determination Agent (any such act or 
omission, a “Determination Agent Breach”). 
(A) If the Determination Agent would, but for the operation of this Condition 12(f)(ii)(A), be 
held liable for any Loss arising as the result of a Determination Agent Breach, the 
Determination Agent shall nevertheless incur no liability to the Issuer, any 
Securityholder, any other Transaction Party or any other person if such Determination 
Agent Breach results from the Determination Agent complying with any specific

--- Page 132 ---
132 
instruction or express direction from any director of the Issuer (whether received in 
electronic form or otherwise). 
(B) If the Determination Agent would, but for the operation of this Condition 12(f)(ii)(B), be 
held liable for any Loss arising as the result of a Determination Agent Breach, the 
Determination Agent shall nevertheless incur no liability to the Issuer, any 
Securityholder, any other Transaction Party or any other person if such Determination 
Agent Breach results solely and directly from either (i) the failure by any other 
Transaction Party to provide any notice, instruction or direction which such Transaction 
Party is required or permitted to give under the Conditions or any relevant Transaction 
Document or (ii) a delay in the delivery by any other Transaction Party of any notice, 
instruction or direction which such Transaction Party is required or permitted to give to 
the Determination Agent under the Conditions or any relevant Transaction Document.  
(C) If the Determination Agent would, but for the operation of this Condition 12(f)(ii)(C), be 
held liable for any Loss arising as the result of a Determination Agent Breach, the 
Determination Agent shall nevertheless incur no liability to the Issuer, any 
Securityholder, any other Transaction Party or any other person if such Determination 
Agent Breach results solely and directly from the reliance by the Determination Agent 
upon a rate, amount, quotation, value or other calculation or determination notified to 
the Determination Agent pursuant to the Conditions and/or any relevant Transaction 
Document which is made by another Transaction Party in accordance with the 
Conditions and the terms of any relevant Transaction Document. 
(iii) 
The Determination Agent has no obligation towards or relationship of agency or trust with 
any Securityholder. 
(iv) 
The Determination Agent has no duties or responsibilities except those expressly set forth in 
the Conditions, the Determination Agent Agreement and the other Relevant Provisions and 
no implied or inferred duties or obligations of any kind will be read into the Determination 
Agent Agreement against or on the part of the Determination Agent. The Determination Agent 
will not, and will not be deemed to, assume or be liable for the obligations or duties of the 
Issuer or any other person under the Conditions, the Trust Deed or any other Transaction 
Document unless otherwise agreed pursuant to the Relevant Provisions. 
(v) 
The Determination Agent may consult, on any legal matter which it believes in good faith 
requires such consultation, any legal or other professional advisers reasonably selected by 
it, who may be employees of or advisers to the Issuer, and it will not be liable in respect of 
anything done, or omitted to be done, relating to that matter in good faith in accordance with 
the opinion of such adviser(s).  
(vi) 
The Determination Agent will not incur any liability to any person in acting upon any [If the 
ETC Securities are Bearer Securities the following text will apply or be inserted - ETC 
Security,] signature, or other document or information from any electronic or other source 
reasonably believed by it to be genuine and believed by it to have been signed or otherwise 
given or disseminated by the proper party or parties, in each case received by it in connection 
with the performance of its duties under the Determination Agent Agreement. 
(vii) 
The Determination Agent and the Programme Swap Counterparty, respectively, whether or 
not acting for themselves, may acquire, hold or dispose of any ETC Security or other security 
(or any interest therein) of the Issuer or any other person, may enter into or be interested in 
any contract or transaction with any such person, and may act on, or as depositary, trustee 
or agent for, any committee or body of holders of securities of any such person, in each case

--- Page 133 ---
133 
with the same rights as it would have had if that Determination Agent or Programme Swap 
Counterparty, as applicable, were not a Determination Agent or the Programme Swap 
Counterparty, as applicable, under the Determination Agent Agreement and need not 
account for any profit. 
(viii) 
Save as otherwise provided in the Determination Agent Agreement and the other Relevant 
Provisions, the Determination Agent shall not be required to expend or risk its own funds or 
otherwise to incur any liability, financial or otherwise (other than such costs and expenditure 
contemplated by the Relevant Provisions and/or incurred in the ordinary performance of the 
Determination Agent’s duties and obligations under the Determination Agent Agreement and 
any ordinary office expenses, remuneration of directors or employees or general operating 
costs of the Determination Agent (whether incurred in connection with the performance of its 
obligations under the Relevant Provisions or otherwise)) if it shall have reasonable grounds 
for believing that repayment of such funds or the provision of an indemnity satisfactory to it 
against such risk or liability is not assured to it.  
(ix) 
The Determination Agent is not bound to make any investigation into the facts or matters 
stated in any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, 
consent, entitlement order, approval or other paper or document received by it from the Issuer 
or any other Transaction Party. 
(x) 
To the extent that the Determination Agent requires clarification of its duties pursuant to the 
Relevant Provisions, the Determination Agent is entitled to seek instructions from, and to rely 
entirely and act on the instructions received from, the Issuer and, without prejudice to the 
standard of care, limitation of liability and indemnity provisions in the Determination Agent 
Agreement, the Determination Agent will not be responsible for any action it takes in 
accordance with such instructions. 
(xi) 
If the Issuer expressly instructs the Determination Agent to take any action not contemplated 
by the Relevant Provisions, the Determination Agent will, without prejudice to the standard 
of care, limitation of liability and indemnity provisions in the Determination Agent Agreement, 
not be responsible for any action it takes on behalf of the Issuer in accordance with such 
instructions. 
(xii) 
The Determination Agent will have no responsibility or liability for any Loss resulting from its 
being unable to perform any functions or obligations under the Determination Agent 
Agreement if the same results from any law, regulation or requirement (whether or not having 
the force of law) of any central bank or governmental or other regulatory authority affecting 
it. Nothing in the Determination Agent Agreement or in any other Transaction Document may 
require the Determination Agent to take any action or refrain from taking any action if the 
same would be contrary to any applicable law, regulation or requirement of any central bank 
or government or other regulatory authority affecting it. 
(g) 
Custodian 
If the Custodian resigns or its appointment is terminated for any reason, the Issuer shall use all 
reasonable efforts (with the prior approval of the Programme Swap Counterparty and the Swap 
Counterparty) to appoint an Eligible Custodian to act as the Custodian in its place within 60 calendar 
days of the date of the notice of resignation or the notice of termination or the date the appointment 
was automatically terminated in accordance with the Custody Agreement. The Custodian may not 
resign its duties without a successor Eligible Custodian having been appointed as aforesaid.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
(h) 
Appointment of Agents 
Save as provided below, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer. The Agents do not assume 
any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any Securityholder. The Issuer reserves 
the right at any time with the prior written approval of the Trustee and in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant Agency Agreement, the Determination Agent Agreement and/or the 
Custody Agreement, as applicable, to vary or terminate the appointment of the Issuing and Paying 
Agent, any other Paying Agent, [If Uncertificated Registered Securities, text will apply or be inserted 
– the Registrar, any Transfer Agent,] the Custodian or the Determination Agent and to appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents or [If Uncertificated Registered Securities, text will apply or be 
inserted - Registrar or Transfer Agents or] the Custodian or the Determination Agent. Without 
prejudice to the provisions for the automatic termination of the appointment of an Agent in 
connection with the occurrence of an insolvency or similar event or proceedings in the relevant 
Transaction Documents, the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to at all times maintain (i) an 
Issuing and Paying Agent,[If Uncertificated Registered Securities, text will apply or be inserted - (ii) 
a Registrar, (iii) a Transfer Agent,] [(iv)]/[(ii)] a Determination Agent, [(v)][(iii)] a Custodian, [(vi)][(iv)] 
a Paying Agent having its specified office in a major European city[If the ETC Securities are listed 
on the LSE, text will apply or be inserted – (which shall be London so long as the ETC Securities 
are listed on the London Stock Exchange)], [(vii)][(v)] such other agents as may be required by any 
other stock exchange on which the ETC Securities may be listed, in each case, as approved by the 
Trustee, and [(viii)][(vi)] a Paying Agent with a specified office in a European Union member state 
that will not be obliged to withhold or deduct any tax pursuant to any law implementing Directive 
2003/48/EC or any other Directive implementing the conclusions of the ECOFIN Council meeting of 
26-27 November 2000. Notice of any change of Agent or any change to the specified office of an 
Agent shall promptly be given to the Securityholders by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 19. 
Pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed, at any time after an Event of Default or a Potential Event 
of Default has occurred in relation to a particular Series of ETC Securities, the Trustee may (i) by 
notice in writing to the Issuer and the Issuing and Paying Agent and any other Paying Agents, 
require the Issuing and Paying Agent and all or any of the other Paying Agent(s), until notified by 
the Trustee to the contrary, so far as permitted by applicable law to (a) act as agent of the Trustee 
under the Trust Deed and the ETC Securities of such Series mutatis mutandis on the terms of the 
relevant Agency Agreement (with consequential amendments as necessary and except that the 
Trustee’s liability for the indemnification, remuneration and all other expenses of the Issuing and 
Paying Agent and such other Paying Agents (if any) will be limited to the amounts for the time being 
held by the Trustee in respect of the ETC Securities on the terms of the Trust Deed and which are 
available (after application in accordance with the relevant order of priority set out in Condition 6) to 
discharge such liability); or (b) deliver [If Bearer Securities text will apply or be inserted – the ETC 
Securities and] all moneys, documents and records held by them in respect of the ETC Securities 
to or to the order of the Trustee or as the Trustee directs in such notice, and (ii) by notice in writing 
to the Issuer require it to make all subsequent payments in respect of the ETC Securities to or to 
the order of the Trustee and not to the Issuing and Paying Agent with effect from the receipt of any 
such notice by the Issuer; and from then until such notice is withdrawn, sub-paragraph (1) of 
Condition 6(b)(i) shall cease to have effect. 
Pursuant to the terms of the Security Deed, at any time after the Security has become enforceable, 
the Trustee may (i) by notice in writing to the Issuer and the Agents, require the Agents or any of 
them, until notified by the Trustee to the contrary, so far as permitted by applicable law to (a) act as 
agent of the Trustee under the Security Deed mutatis mutandis on the terms of the relevant Agency 
Agreement, Custody Agreement, Determination Agent Agreement and Authorised Participant 
Agreement, as applicable (with consequential amendments as necessary and except that the

--- Page 135 ---
135 
Trustee’s liability for the indemnification, remuneration and all other expenses of the Agents or such 
Agent will be limited to the amounts for the time being held by the Trustee in respect of the ETC 
Securities on the terms of the Security Deed and which are available (after application in accordance 
with the relevant order of priority set out in Condition 6) to discharge such liability), and thereafter 
to hold all ETC Securities, moneys, assets, documents and records held by them in respect of the 
ETC Securities and in the case of the Custodian or any Sub-Custodian (where applicable) assets 
forming part of, or documents evidencing or representing, the Secured Property, to the order of the 
Trustee; or (b) deliver all ETC Securities, moneys, assets, documents and records held by them in 
respect of the ETC Securities and in the case of the Custodian or any Sub-Custodian (where 
applicable) assets forming part of, or documents evidencing or representing, the Secured Property, 
to the Trustee or as the Trustee directs in such notice; and (ii) by notice in writing to the Issuer 
require it to make all subsequent payments in respect of the ETC Securities to or to the order of the 
Trustee and not to the Issuing and Paying Agent with effect from the receipt of any such notice by 
the Issuer. 
(i) 
Business Day Convention and Non-Payment Business Days 
(i) 
If any date for payment in respect of any ETC Security is not a Payment Business Day, the 
holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Business Day or to 
any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. 
(ii) 
If any date referred to in the Conditions would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Scheduled 
Valuation Day, then such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Scheduled 
Valuation Day. 
(j) 
Default Interest 
If payment of the Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount, as applicable, is 
improperly withheld or refused, default interest shall accrue (before as well as after judgment) on 
such amount from and including the due date for redemption to but excluding the date of payment 
at the rate for each day in that period equal to [If the ETC Securities are denominated in euro, text 
will apply or be inserted – the overnight rate as calculated by the European Central Bank appearing 
on Reuters Screen EONIA Page (or any successor page thereto) in respect of that day if that day 
is a TARGET Settlement Day, or in respect of the TARGET Settlement Day immediately preceding 
that day, if that day is not a TARGET Settlement Day]/[If the ETC Securities are denominated in 
GBP, text will apply or be inserted – the overnight rate which appears on Reuters Screen SONIA 
Page in respect of that day if that day is a London Business Day, or in respect of the London 
Business Day immediately preceding that day, if that day is not a London Business Day]/[If the ETC 
Securities are denominated in USD, text will apply or be inserted – the daily effective federal funds 
rate determined by the Federal Reserve as the weighted average of the rates on brokered trades, 
with such daily rates appearing on the Reuters Screen FEDFUNDS1 Page in respect of that day if 
that day is a New York Business Day, or in respect of the New York Business Day immediately 
preceding that day, if that day is not a New York Business Day]. If such rate does not appear on 
such screen, the rate shall be equal to the rate offered by a major bank in a relevant interbank 
market for overnight deposits in the same currency as the denomination of the ETC Securities. 
(k) 
Records 
[If Bearer Securities in NGN form, text will apply or be inserted – For so long as the ETC Securities 
are Bearer Securities represented by a Global Security in NGN form, the records of the Relevant 
Clearing Systems (which expression in this Condition 12(k) means the records that each Relevant 
Clearing System holds for its customers which reflect the amount of such customers’ interests in 
the ETC Securities) shall be conclusive evidence of the number of the ETC Securities represented

--- Page 136 ---
136 
by the Global Security and, for these purposes, a statement issued by the Relevant Clearing System 
(which statement shall be made available to the bearer upon request) stating the number of ETC 
Securities represented by the Global Security at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the 
records of the Relevant Clearing System at that time.] 
[If Uncertificated Registered Securities or Bearer Securities in CGN form, text will apply or be 
inserted - This Condition is intentionally left blank.] 
(l) 
[If Bearer Securities, text will apply or be inserted – Negotiability of Global Security 
The Global Security is a bearer document and negotiable and accordingly: 
(i) 
is freely transferable by delivery and such transfer shall operate to confer upon the transferee 
all rights and benefits appertaining hereto and to bind the transferee with all obligations 
appertaining hereto pursuant to these Conditions; 
(ii) 
the holder of the Global Security is and shall be absolutely entitled as against all previous 
holders to receive all amounts by way of amounts payable upon redemption, default interest 
or otherwise payable in respect of the Global Security and the Issuer waives as against such 
holder and any previous holder of the Global Security all rights of set-off or counterclaim that 
would or might otherwise be available to it in respect of the obligations evidenced by the 
Global Security; and 
(iii) 
payment upon due presentation of the Global Security will operate as a good discharge 
against such holder and all previous holders of the Global Security.] 
[If Uncertificated Registered Securities or Bearer Securities in CGN form, text will apply or be 
inserted - This Condition is intentionally left blank.] 
13 Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment under the Conditions in respect of the ETC Securities shall be 
prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years (in the case of Principal) or five years (in the 
case of default interest) from the date on which the payment of Principal in respect of the ETC Securities 
first became due or (if any amount of the money payable was improperly withheld or refused) the date on 
which payment in full of the amount outstanding was made or (if earlier) the date seven days after that on 
which notice is duly given to the Securityholders that, upon further presentation of the ETC Security being 
made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact 
made upon such presentation (such date the “Relevant Date”)[If Bearer Securities, text will apply or be 
inserted – save that if the ETC Securities are in global form claims in respect of Principal and default 
interest (if any) in respect of the relevant Global Security shall become void unless the Global Security is 
presented for payment within a period of 10 years (in the case of Principal) or five years (in the case of 
default interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date]. 
14 Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each an “Event of Default”) occurs, the Trustee at its discretion may, or 
shall, if so directed in writing by holders of at least one-fifth in number of the ETC Securities then 
outstanding (determined on an outstanding (actual) basis) or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution 
(provided that in each case the Trustee shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to 
its satisfaction), give notice to the Issuer (copied to each Transaction Party (other than the Authorised 
Participant(s) and the Lead Authorised Participant)) (such notice an “Event of Default Redemption 
Notice”) that the ETC Securities are, and they shall immediately become, due and payable at their Early 
Redemption Amount on the Early Redemption Date:

--- Page 137 ---
137 
(a) 
the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its obligations (other than a payment 
obligation) under the ETC Securities, the Security Deed or the Trust Deed, which default is 
incapable of remedy or, if in the opinion of the Trustee capable of remedy, is not in the opinion of 
the Trustee remedied within 30 calendar days (or such longer period as the Trustee may permit) 
after notice of such default shall have been given to the Issuer by the Trustee (and, for these 
purposes, a failure to perform or comply with an obligation shall be deemed to be remediable 
notwithstanding that the failure results from not doing an act or thing by a particular time); 
(b) 
any order shall be made by any competent court or any resolution passed for the winding-up or 
dissolution of the Issuer, save for the purposes of amalgamation, merger, consolidation, 
reorganisation or other similar arrangement on terms previously approved in writing by the Trustee 
or by an Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(c) 
an examiner is appointed in respect of the Issuer. 
The Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable after receipt of any Event of Default Redemption 
Notice, give notice thereof to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 19 and to the Authorised 
Participant(s) and the Lead Authorised Participant.  
The Issuer has undertaken in the Trust Deed that, on each anniversary of the issue date of the first series 
of securities issued under the Programme and also within 14 calendar days after any request by the 
Trustee, it will send to the Trustee a certificate signed by a Director of the Issuer to the effect that as at a 
date not more than five calendar days prior to the date of the certificate no Event of Default, or event or 
circumstance that could with the giving of notice, lapse of time and/or issue of a certificate become an 
Event of Default, has occurred. 
15 Enforcement 
Pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed, only the Trustee may, at its discretion and without further notice, 
take such action or step or institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce the 
rights of the holders of the ETC Securities against the Issuer whether the same arise under general law, 
the Trust Deed or the ETC Securities, but it need not take any such action or step or institute proceedings 
unless (a) in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed, the Trustee is so directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution or in writing by holders of at least one-fifth in number of the ETC Securities then outstanding 
(determined on an outstanding (actual) basis) and (b) is secured and/or pre-funded and/or indemnified to 
its satisfaction. None of the holders of the ETC Securities shall be entitled to proceed directly against the 
Issuer unless the Trustee, having become bound to proceed in accordance with the terms of the Trust 
Deed, fails or neglects to do so within a reasonable time and such failure is continuing.  
Pursuant to the terms of the Security Deed, only the Trustee may enforce the Security over the Secured 
Property in accordance with the Security Deed and (other than as permitted by the Trust Deed and the 
Conditions) only the Trustee may, at its discretion and without further notice, take such action or step or 
institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce the Security over the Secured 
Property, but it need not take any such action or step or institute such proceedings unless (a) it shall have 
been so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or in writing by holders of at least one-fifth in number of 
the relevant Series of ETC Securities then outstanding (determined on an outstanding (actual) basis) (in 
accordance with the Security Deed) and (b) it shall have been secured and/or pre-funded and/or 
indemnified to its satisfaction. None of the Secured Creditors, the Other Creditors, the Securityholders or 
the other Transaction Parties shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer in respect of the 
Security Deed unless the Trustee, having become bound to proceed in accordance with the terms of the 
Security Deed, fails or neglects to do so within a reasonable time and such failure is continuing. The 
Trustee, the Securityholders and the Transaction Parties acknowledge and agree that only the Trustee

--- Page 138 ---
138 
may enforce the Security over the Secured Property in accordance with, and subject to the terms of, the 
Security Deed. 
The Trustee shall in no circumstances be obliged to take any action, step or proceeding that would involve 
any personal liability or expense without first being indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction whether pursuant to the Trust Deed, the Security Deed or otherwise. 
16 Meetings of Securityholders, Modification, Waiver, Substitution and Restrictions 
(a) 
Meetings of Securityholders 
In accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed, a meeting of Securityholders may be convened as 
described in Annex 1 to these Conditions by the Issuer or the Trustee at any time during the term 
of the ETC Securities. The quorum requirement for a meeting and the voting arrangements pursuant 
to the Trust Deed are described in Annex 1 to these Conditions.  
The special quorum provisions described in Annex 1 to these Conditions and in the Trust Deed shall 
apply to any meeting and Extraordinary Resolution relating to any proposal: (i) to amend the dates 
of maturity or redemption of the ETC Securities; (ii) to vary any method of, or basis for, calculating 
the Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount, as applicable; (iii) to vary the currency 
or currencies of payment or denomination of the ETC Securities; (iv) to take any steps that as 
specified in the Issue Deed and/or the Trust Deed may only be taken following approval by an 
Extraordinary Resolution to which the special quorum provisions apply; (v) to modify the provisions 
concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Securityholders or the majority required to pass 
an Extraordinary Resolution; (vi) to modify the provisions of the Trust Deed concerning the special 
quorum provisions; or (vii) to modify certain provisions of Condition 6 and/or the Security Deed.  
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Conditions, for the avoidance of doubt, neither the 
approval of Securityholders by way of an Extraordinary Resolution of Securityholders or otherwise 
or the consent of the Trustee is required (without limitation) for: 
(i) 
the transfer of Posted Collateral to the Swap Counterparty under the Credit Support Deed 
and the related release of Security provided such transfer and release is effected in 
accordance with the terms of the Credit Support Deed;  
(ii) 
the substitution of the Posted Collateral pursuant to Condition 11(d) and any amendments or 
supplements to the Custody Agreement in connection therewith; 
(iii) 
any change to any component of the Accrued Fee at any time; 
(iv) 
any adjustment to the Conditions of the ETC Securities made pursuant to Condition 9(e); 
(v) 
any appointment of an additional or replacement Transaction Party provided such 
appointment or replacement is effected in accordance with the Conditions and the applicable 
Transaction Document(s); 
(vi) 
the substitution of the Index with a Successor Index pursuant to Condition 10; 
(vii) 
the transfer, novation or assignment of the Swap Agreement and/or the Credit Support Deed 
pursuant to Condition 11(b);  
(viii) 
any increase to the Programme Maximum Number of ETC Securities; 
(ix) 
any amendment to Annex 2 to the Conditions; or 
(x) 
any amendment to any term of the Conditions or any Transaction Document which relates to 
an operational or procedural issue.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
(b) 
Modification of the Relevant Transaction Documents 
Without prejudice to Condition 16(a), the Trustee may agree, without the consent of the 
Securityholders but only with the prior written consent of the Lead Authorised Participant and the 
Programme Swap Counterparty, to (i) any modification to these Conditions, the Trust Deed, the 
Security Deed, the Swap Agreement, the Credit Support Deed and/or any other Transaction 
Document to which the Trustee is a party which is, in the opinion of the Trustee, of a formal, minor 
or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error, and (ii) any other modification, and any 
waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of any of these Conditions or any of the 
provisions of the Trust Deed, the Security Deed, the Swap Agreement, the Credit Support Deed 
and/or any other Transaction Document to which the Trustee is a party that is in the opinion of the 
Trustee not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Securityholders. Any such modification, 
authorisation or waiver will be binding on the Securityholders and, if the Trustee so requires, such 
modification will be notified by the Issuer to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 19 as 
soon as reasonably practicable. 
(c) 
Substitution 
The Trustee may, without the consent of the Securityholders but subject to the prior consent of the 
Lead Authorised Participant and the Programme Swap Counterparty, agree to the substitution, in 
place of the Issuer (or of any previous substitute) as the principal debtor under the Trust Deed, the 
Security Deed, the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party and the ETC Securities, of 
any other company (incorporated in any jurisdiction) (any such substitute company being the 
“Substituted Obligor”) whether in connection with the occurrence of a Swap Agreement Tax Event 
under the Swap Agreement or otherwise, provided that: 
(i) 
a deed is executed or undertaking given by the Substituted Obligor to the Trustee, in form 
and manner satisfactory to the Trustee, agreeing to be bound by the Trust Deed, the Security 
Deed and the ETC Securities (with such consequential amendments as the Trustee may 
deem appropriate) as if the Substituted Obligor had been named in the Trust Deed, the 
Security Deed and the ETC Securities as the principal debtor in place of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the Substituted Obligor assumes all rights, obligations and liabilities in relation to the Secured 
Property, acknowledges the Security created in respect thereof pursuant to the Security Deed 
and takes all such action as the Trustee may require so that the Security constitutes a valid 
charge, pledge or other security interest over the Secured Property as was originally created 
by the Issuer for the obligations of the Substituted Obligor; 
(iii) 
if any director of the Substituted Obligor certifies that it will be solvent immediately after such 
substitution, the Trustee need not have regard to the Substituted Obligor’s financial condition, 
profits or prospects or compare them with those of the Issuer; 
(iv) 
the Trustee will be satisfied (if it requires, by reference to legal opinions) that (a) all necessary 
governmental and regulatory approvals and consents necessary for or in connection with the 
assumption by the Substituted Obligor of liability as principal debtor in respect of, and of its 
obligations under, the ETC Securities and any Transaction Document have been obtained 
and (b) such approvals and consents are at the time of substitution in full force and effect; 
(v) 
the Issuer and the Substituted Obligor will execute and the Issuer shall procure that the Swap 
Counterparty, any Credit Support Provider in respect of the Swap Counterparty and any other 
Transaction Party will execute such other deeds, documents and instruments (if any) as the 
Trustee may require in order that such substitution is fully effective and comply with such 
other requirements in the interests of the Securityholders as the Trustee may direct;

--- Page 140 ---
140 
(vi) 
in connection with any proposed substitution of the Issuer, the Trustee may, without the 
consent of the holders of the ETC Securities, agree to a change of the law from time to time 
governing such ETC Securities and/or the Issue Deed and/or the Trust Deed and/or the 
Security Deed, provided that such change of law, in the opinion of the Trustee, would not be 
materially prejudicial to the interests of such Securityholders; 
(vii) 
the Issuer and the Substituted Obligor comply with such other requirements as the Trustee 
may direct in the interests of the Securityholders; and 
(viii) 
a legal opinion satisfactory to the Trustee is provided concerning any proposed substitution. 
An agreement by the Trustee pursuant to this Condition 16(c) and the Trust Deed shall, if so 
expressed, release the Issuer (or a previous substitute) from any or all of its obligations under the 
Trust Deed, the ETC Securities and the other relevant Transaction Documents. The Substituted 
Obligor shall give notice of the substitution to the Securityholders within 14 calendar days of the 
execution of such documents and compliance with such requirements. 
On completion of the formalities set out in this Condition 16(c) and the Trust Deed, the Substituted 
Obligor shall be deemed to be named in these Conditions, the Trust Deed, the other Transaction 
Documents and the ETC Securities as the principal debtor in place of the Issuer (or of any previous 
substitute) and these Conditions, the Trust Deed, the other Transaction Documents and the ETC 
Securities shall be deemed to be amended as necessary to give effect to the substitution. 
(d) 
Entitlement of the Trustee 
In accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed and the Security Deed, in connection with the 
exercise of its functions (including, but not limited to, those referred to in this Condition 16) the 
Trustee will have regard to the interests of the Securityholders as a class and will not have regard 
to the consequences of such exercise for individual Securityholders and the Trustee will not be 
entitled to require, nor shall any Securityholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer any 
indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise upon individual 
Securityholders. [If Bearer Securities, text will apply or be inserted – So long as the ETC Securities 
are in global form and such Global Security is held by or on behalf of the Relevant Clearing System, 
in considering the interests of Securityholders, the Trustee may have regard to any information 
provided to it by the Relevant Clearing System or its operator as to the identity (either individually 
or by category) of its accountholders or participants with entitlements to any such Global Security 
and may consider such interests on the basis that such accountholders or participants were the 
holder(s) thereof.] 
17 Replacement of ETC Securities 
[If Bearer Securities, text will apply or be inserted –  
If an ETC Security in bearer form is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, 
subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant authority regulations, at the 
specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent in London or such other Paying Agent, as the case may 
be, as may, from time to time, be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation 
is given to Securityholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in 
connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, 
that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed ETC Security is subsequently presented for payment there 
shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such ETC Security) 
and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced ETC Securities must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued.]

--- Page 141 ---
141 
[If Uncertificated Registered Securities, text will apply or be inserted – [This Condition is intentionally left 
blank.]] 
18 Further Issues 
Subject to Condition 6, the Issuer may, from time to time (without the consent of the Trustee or any 
Securityholder), in accordance with the Trust Deed, the Conditions, the Agency Agreement and the 
Authorised Participant Agreement, create and issue further securities either having the same terms and 
conditions as the ETC Securities in all respects and so that such further issue shall be consolidated and 
form a single series with the ETC Securities or upon such terms as the Issuer may determine at the time 
of their issue and/or incur further obligations relating to such securities.  
Only an Authorised Participant may request that the Issuer issue additional Tranches of the ETC Securities 
by delivering a valid Subscription Order subject to and in accordance with the terms of the Authorised 
Participant Agreement. The Issuer will only accept a Subscription Order and issue ETC Securities if a 
Subscription Order is given by an Authorised Participant and determined to be valid by or on behalf of the 
Issuer, the Swap Counterparty agrees to increase the economic exposure under the Swap Transaction by 
a pro rata amount in connection with the issue of the number of ETC Securities specified in the relevant 
subscription request and all conditions precedent to an issue of the ETC Securities are satisfied. The Issuer 
shall have no obligation to issue further ETC Securities and no obligation to accept any Subscription Orders 
from (but excluding) the 15th Scheduled Valuation Day preceding the Scheduled Maturity Date.  
In accordance with the terms of the Authorised Participant Agreement and the Swap Agreement, the Issuer 
will not be obliged to accept any Subscription Order and/or issue ETC Securities if (i) a Suspension Event 
has occurred and is continuing, and/or (ii) an Early Redemption Event has occurred and/or a Swap Early 
Termination Date has been designated or occurred under the Swap Agreement, and/or (iii) a Determination 
Agent Bankruptcy Event Notice, Index Cancellation No Successor Notice, Agent Redemption Event Notice, 
Publication Event Redemption Notice, Value per ETC Security Threshold Level Notice, AP Redemption 
Event Notice, Swap Counterparty Default Redemption Notice or Tax Event Redemption Notice has been 
delivered, and/or (iv) the Swap Counterparty does not consent to increase the economic exposure under 
the Swap Transaction by a pro rata amount. If an Issuer Call Redemption Notice is delivered the last day 
on which the Issuer is required to accept a valid Subscription Order shall be the 4th Scheduled Valuation 
Day preceding the related Early Redemption Valuation Date designated in such notice. If an Issuer 
Redemption Notice is delivered by the Issuer the last day on which the Issuer is required to accept a valid 
Subscription Order shall be the 4th Scheduled Valuation Day preceding the related Early Redemption 
Valuation Date designated in such notice. If the Swap Counterparty elects for the Swap Transaction to 
terminate on the last day of its scheduled term and such date falls before the Scheduled Maturity Date of 
the ETC Securities the last day on which the Issuer is required to accept a valid Subscription Order shall 
be the 4th Scheduled Valuation Day preceding the scheduled termination date of the Swap Transaction. If 
a Swap Early Termination Date is designated or occurs under the Swap Agreement (other than in 
connection with a Swap Optional Termination Exercise Notice), the last day on which the Issuer is required 
to accept a valid Subscription Order shall be the earlier of the date of the notice (if any) designating the 
Swap Early Termination Date or the Swap Early Termination Date, as applicable. If a Swap Optional 
Termination Exercise Notice is delivered by the Swap Counterparty, the last day on which the Issuer is 
required to accept a valid Subscription Order shall be the 4th Scheduled Valuation Day preceding the 
Swap Early Termination Date designated in such notice. If an Index Cancellation No Successor Notice, an 
Agent Redemption Event Notice, a Publication Event Redemption Notice, a Value per ETC Security 
Threshold Level Notice, an AP Redemption Event Notice, an ETC Securities Swap Redemption Event 
Notice or a Tax Event Redemption Notice is delivered, the last day on which the Issuer is required to accept 
a valid Subscription Order shall be the date of such notice.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
The Issuer may suspend the issuance of further ETC Securities at any time. If a Suspension Event occurs, 
the Issuer shall not be obliged to accept any Subscription Orders for the ETC Securities with effect from 
the date of suspension specified in the relevant notice to the Determination Agent, Lead Authorised 
Participant and the Authorised Participants until such time (if any) as the Issuer notifies such Transaction 
Parties that it shall recommence the issue of further Tranches of the ETC Securities. The effective date of 
any such suspension will be specified in the related notice and will be a day not earlier than the Scheduled 
Valuation Day following the date of such notice. The Issuer shall give notice to Securityholders in 
accordance with Condition 19 of any such suspension as soon as reasonably practicable after giving any 
notice of suspension of subscriptions.  
If a Determination Agent Bankruptcy Event Notice is given by the Issuer or the Programme Swap 
Counterparty, the Issuer shall not be obliged to accept any Subscription Orders until such time as a 
replacement Determination Agent is appointed in accordance with the Determination Agent Agreement or 
the Programme Swap Counterparty is making the requisite determinations and calculations in place of the 
Determination Agent pursuant to Condition 12(d). 
In relation to any Subscription Order which has been accepted by or on behalf of the Issuer but in respect 
of which the Subscription Settlement Date has not yet occurred as at the date of the occurrence of an Early 
Redemption Event in connection with a Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event or Swap Counterparty 
Termination Event, each such Subscription Order shall automatically be cancelled with effect from the date 
of the occurrence of such Early Redemption Event.  
If, at any time after the occurrence of a Subscription Settlement Date in respect of which the relevant 
Authorised Participant has not paid in full the related Subscription Settlement Amount under the Authorised 
Participant Agreement, an Early Redemption Event occurs or the Final Redemption Valuation Date occurs, 
the ETC Securities issued on such Subscription Settlement Date which are pending settlement to the 
relevant Authorised Participant shall automatically be cancelled with effect from the date of the occurrence 
of such Early Redemption Event or the Final Redemption Valuation Date, as applicable. 
ETC Securities requested for issue and subscribed for by an Authorised Participant may be held on an 
inventory basis by such Authorised Participant and offered for sale and/or sold over a period of time. 
Any new securities forming a single series with the ETC Securities and which are expressed to be 
constituted by the Trust Deed and secured by the Security Deed will, upon the issue thereof by the Issuer, 
be constituted by the Trust Deed and secured by the Security Deed without any further formality and 
irrespective of whether or not the issue of such securities contravenes any covenant or other restriction in 
the Trust Deed or the Programme Maximum Number of ETC Securities and shall be secured by the same 
Secured Property (as increased and/or supplemented in connection with such issue of such new securities) 
and references in these Conditions to “ETC Securities”, “Secured Assets”, “Secured Swap Rights”, 
“Secured Agent Rights”, “Secured Property”, “Swap Agreement”, “Credit Support Deed”, “Secured 
Issuer Obligations”, “Other Issuer Obligations”, “Secured Creditors” and “Other Creditors” shall be 
construed accordingly. 
19 Notices 
All notices to holders of ETC Securities shall be valid if: 
(a) 
 
(i) 
[If Bearer Securities listed on the London Stock Exchange, text will apply or be inserted – 
published in a daily newspaper with general circulation in the United Kingdom (which is 
expected to be the Financial Times)][If Bearer Securities listed on any other Relevant Stock 
Exchange, text will apply or be inserted – [and] published in a daily newspaper with general 
circulation in the country of the Relevant Stock Exchange][If Uncertificated Registered

--- Page 143 ---
143 
Securities, text will apply or be inserted – delivered to the Registrar and/or the Operator for 
communication to the holders pursuant to the procedures for delivery of notices to 
accountholders in CREST as may be agreed between the Issuer, the Registrar and the 
Operator from time to time]; and/or 
(ii) 
published on the website of one or more RIS(s) approved for such purposes by the applicable 
Relevant Stock Exchange(s) and any such notices shall be conclusively presumed to have 
been received by the holders; and/or 
(b) 
for so long as the ETC Securities are listed on any Relevant Stock Exchange, published in 
accordance with the rules and regulations of such Relevant Stock Exchange or other relevant 
authority[; and] 
(c) 
[If Bearer Securities, text will apply or be inserted – for so long as the ETC Securities are in global 
form, notices required to be given in respect of the ETC Securities represented by a Global Security 
are given by their being delivered (so long as the Global Security is held on behalf of a Clearing 
System) to the Relevant Clearing System, or otherwise to the holder of the Global Security, rather 
than by publication as required above[If the ETC Securities are listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, text will apply or be inserted –, except that for so long as the ETC Securities are listed 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that exchange so require, notices shall also 
be published either on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or in a 
leading newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the 
Luxemburger Wort)]. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the ETC 
Securities on the Payment Business Day immediately following the day on which the notice was 
given to the Relevant Clearing System.] 
If, in the opinion of the Trustee, any such publications above are not practicable, notice shall be validly 
given if published in another leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the relevant country. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more 
than once or on different dates, on the first date on which publication is made, as provided above. 
20 Rights, Obligations and Indemnification of the Trustee 
(a) 
Condition Precedent to Trustee Action 
The Trustee is not obliged or required to take any action, step or proceeding that would involve any 
personal liability or expense without first being pre-funded and/or secured and/or indemnified to its 
satisfaction. 
(b) 
Liability in Respect of Security and the Secured Property 
The Trustee will accept without investigation, requisition or objection such right and title as the Issuer 
has to any of the Secured Property and need not examine or enquire into or be liable for any defect 
or failure in the right or title of the Issuer to the Secured Property or any part of it, whether such 
defect or failure was known to the Trustee or might have been discovered upon examination or 
enquiry and whether capable of remedy or not. The Trustee is not under any obligation to insure 
any property comprising the Secured Property and/or transferred to the Issuer under the Credit 
Support Deed or any certificate, note, bond or other evidence in respect thereof, or to require any 
other person to maintain any such insurance. 
The Trustee will not be responsible for, nor will it have any liability with respect to any loss or theft 
or reduction in value of any property comprising the Secured Property and/or transferred to the 
Issuer under the Credit Support Deed. The Trustee will have no responsibility or liability to the 
Issuer, any Securityholder, any Secured Creditor or any Other Creditor as regards any deficiency

--- Page 144 ---
144 
which might arise because (i) all or part of the property comprising the Secured Property and/or 
transferred to the Issuer under the Credit Support Deed is or will be held by the Custodian or a Sub-
Custodian and/or (ii) the Trustee, the Custodian, any Sub-Custodian and/or the Liquidation Agent 
(if any), as applicable, is subject to any Tax in respect of any of the Secured Property, any income 
therefrom and/or the proceeds thereof. 
The Trustee will not be responsible or liable to the Issuer, any Securityholder, any Secured Creditor 
or any Other Creditor for the validity, enforceability, value or sufficiency (which the Trustee will not 
investigate) of the Security relating to the ETC Securities. The Trustee will not be liable to any 
Securityholder, any Secured Creditor, any Other Creditor or any other person for any failure to make 
or cause to be made on its behalf the searches, investigations and enquiries which would normally 
be made by a prudent chargee, mortgagee or assignee in relation to the Security relating to the 
ETC Securities. 
None of the Trustee, any receiver appointed by it or any attorney or agent of the Trustee will, by 
reason of taking possession of any Secured Property or any other reason and whether or not as 
mortgagee in possession, be liable to account for anything except actual receipts or be liable for 
any loss or damage arising from the realisation of such Secured Property or from any act or omission 
in relation to such Secured Property or otherwise unless such loss or damage shall be caused by 
its own fraud. 
(c) 
Discharge 
The Trustee’s receipt for any moneys paid to it will discharge the person paying them and such 
person will not be responsible for their application. 
(d) 
Apportionment of Trustee Expenses Between Series of ETC Securities 
If at any time the Trustee is Trustee in respect of more than one series of securities issued under 
the Programme by the Issuer, the Trustee will be entitled in its absolute discretion to determine in 
respect of which Series of ETC Securities any liabilities and expenses have been incurred by the 
Trustee and to allocate any such liabilities and expenses between such Series of ETC Securities. 
(e) 
Advice 
The Trustee may act on the opinion or advice of, or information obtained from, any expert and will 
not be responsible to anyone for any loss occasioned by so acting whether such advice is obtained 
or addressed to the Issuer, the Trustee or any other person. Any such opinion, advice or information 
may be sent or obtained by letter or fax and the Trustee will not be liable to anyone for acting in 
good faith on any opinion, advice or information purporting to be conveyed by such means even if 
it contains some error or is not authentic and whether or not such expert’s liability in respect thereof 
is limited whether by reference to a monetary cap or otherwise. 
(f) 
Trustee to Assume Performance 
The Trustee need not notify anyone of the execution of the Issue Deed or any other Transaction 
Document or do anything to find out if an Event of Default, or a Potential Event of Default, an Early 
Redemption Event, a Disruption Event, an Adjustment Event, a Suspension Event, a substitution of 
Posted Collateral, a Determination Agent Bankruptcy Event, a transfer, novation or assignment of 
the Swap Agreement and/or any Credit Support Document, a substitution of the Index or a 
resignation or termination of an Agent’s appointment has occurred or if the Security and/or the 
security created under the Credit Support Deed has become enforceable. Until it has actual 
knowledge or express notice to the contrary, the Trustee may assume that no such event has 
occurred and that the Issuer is performing all its obligations under the Trust Deed, the Security 
Deed, the ETC Securities and the other Transaction Documents. The Trustee is not responsible for

--- Page 145 ---
145 
monitoring or supervising the performance by any other person of its obligations to the Issuer and 
may assume these are being performed unless it shall have actual knowledge to the contrary. 
(g) 
Resolutions and Directions of Securityholders 
The Trustee will not be responsible for having acted in good faith on a resolution purporting to have 
been passed at a meeting of Securityholders in respect of which minutes have been made and 
signed or any instruction or direction in writing purporting to have been given by or on behalf of 
Securityholders even if it is later found that there was a defect in the constitution of the meeting or 
the passing of the resolution or the giving of such instruction or direction or that such resolution, 
instruction or direction was not valid or binding on the Securityholders. 
(h) 
Certificate Signed by Directors 
If the Trustee, in the exercise of its functions, requires to be satisfied or to have information as to 
any fact or the expediency of any act, it may call for and accept as sufficient evidence of that fact or 
the expediency of that act a certificate signed by any director of the Issuer as to that fact or to the 
effect that, in their opinion, that act is expedient and the Trustee need not call for further evidence 
and will not be responsible for any loss occasioned by acting on such a certificate. 
(i) 
Deposit of Documents 
The Trustee may appoint as custodian, on any terms, any bank or entity whose business includes 
the safe custody of documents or any lawyer or firm of lawyers believed by it to be of good repute 
and may deposit the Issue Deed and any other documents with such custodian and pay all sums 
due in respect thereof and the Trustee will not be responsible for any loss incurred in connection 
with any such holding or deposit. The Trustee is not obliged to appoint a custodian of securities 
payable to bearer. 
(j) 
Discretion 
The Trustee has absolute and uncontrolled discretion as to the exercise of its functions and will not 
be responsible for any loss, liability, cost, claim, action, demand, expense or inconvenience that 
may result from their exercise or non-exercise. 
(k) 
Agents 
Whenever it considers it expedient in the interests of the Securityholders, the Trustee may, in the 
conduct of its trust business, instead of acting personally, employ and pay an agent selected by it, 
whether or not a lawyer or other professional person, to transact or conduct, or concur in transacting 
or conducting, any business and to do or concur in doing all acts required to be done by the Trustee 
(including the receipt and payment of money). 
(l) 
Delegation 
Whenever it considers it expedient in the interests of the Securityholders, the Trustee may delegate 
to any person on any terms (including power to sub-delegate) all or any of its functions. 
(m) 
Nominees 
In relation to any asset held by it under the Trust Deed or any other Transaction Document, the 
Trustee may appoint any person to act as its nominee on any terms.

--- Page 146 ---
146 
(n) 
Confidentiality 
Unless ordered to do so by a court of competent jurisdiction, the Trustee will not be required to 
disclose to any Securityholder, Secured Creditor or Other Creditor any confidential financial or other 
information made available to the Trustee by the Issuer. 
(o) 
Determinations Conclusive 
As between itself and the Securityholders, and/or any Secured Creditor and/or any Other Creditor, 
the Trustee may determine all questions and doubts arising in relation to any of the provisions of 
the Trust Deed, the Security Deed or any other Transaction Document. Such determinations, 
whether made upon such a question actually raised or implied in the acts or proceedings of the 
Trustee, will be conclusive and will bind the Trustee, the Securityholders, the Secured Creditors 
and/or any Other Creditor. 
(p) 
Currency Conversion 
Where it is necessary or desirable for any purpose for the Trustee to convert any sum from one 
currency to another, it will (unless otherwise provided in the Issue Deed or these Conditions or 
required by law) be converted at such rate or rates, in accordance with such method and as at such 
date as may reasonably be specified by the Trustee but having regard to current rates of exchange, 
if available. Any rate, method and date so specified will be binding on the Issuer, the Securityholders 
and the Transaction Parties. 
(q) 
Indemnity Under the Trust Deed 
Pursuant to the Trust Deed, without prejudice to the right of indemnity by law given to trustees [If 
Bearer Securities text will apply or be inserted – and subject to the provisions of Section 750 of the 
Companies Act 2006], the Trustee and every receiver, attorney, manager, agent or other person 
appointed by the Trustee under the Trust Deed in relation to the ETC Securities will be entitled to 
be indemnified out of the Secured Property in respect of all liabilities and expenses properly incurred 
by them or him in the execution or purported execution of the trusts or of any functions vested in 
them or him pursuant to the Trust Deed and against all actions, proceedings, costs, claims and 
demands in respect of any acts or omissions relating to the Secured Property, and the Trustee may 
retain any part of any moneys in its hands arising from the trusts of the Trust Deed all sums 
necessary to effect such indemnity and also the remuneration of the Trustee. The Trustee will have 
a lien on the Secured Property for all moneys payable to it under this Condition 20(q), the Trust 
Deed or otherwise. 
(r) 
Issue Deed 
The Trustee assumes no responsibility for, and will not, by the execution of the Issue Deed, be 
deemed to make any representation as to, the adequacy, sufficiency, validity or enforceability of the 
Issue Deed or any agreement constituted by the execution thereof. 
(s) 
Transaction Parties 
In acting as Trustee under the Trust Deed, the Trustee does not assume any duty or responsibility 
to any Transaction Party (other than to pay to any such party any moneys received and payable to 
it and to act in accordance with the provisions of Condition 6 and the Trust Deed) and will have 
regard solely to the interests of the Securityholders. The Trustee is not (subject to Conditions 6 and 
15) obliged to act on any directions of any Transaction Party if this would, in the Trustee’s opinion, 
be contrary to the interests of the Securityholders.

--- Page 147 ---
147 
(t) 
Consent of Trustee 
Except as otherwise expressly provided to the contrary, any consent or approval given by the 
Trustee may be on such terms and subject to such conditions as the Trustee reasonably thinks fit. 
(u) 
Payment for and Delivery of ETC Securities 
The Trustee will not be responsible for the receipt or application by the Issuer of the proceeds of the 
issue of the ETC Securities[If Bearer Securities text will apply or be inserted - , any exchange of 
ETC Securities or the delivery of ETC Securities to the persons entitled to them]. 
(v) 
Legal Opinion 
The Trustee will not be responsible to any person for failing to request, require or receive any legal 
opinion relating to the ETC Securities or for checking or commenting upon the content of any such 
legal opinion. 
(w) 
Programme Limit 
The Trustee will not be concerned, and need not enquire, as to whether or not the ETC Securities 
are issued or entered into in breach of the Programme Maximum Number of ETC Securities. 
(x) 
Events 
The Trustee may determine whether or not an Event of Default is in its opinion capable of remedy. 
Any such determination will be conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the Securityholders. 
However, the Trustee is not under any obligation to monitor whether or not an Event of Default, a 
Potential Event of Default, an Early Redemption Event, a Disruption Event, an Adjustment Event, a 
Programme Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event, a Swap Agreement Tax Event, a Suspension 
Event, a substitution of Posted Collateral, a Determination Agent Bankruptcy Event, a transfer, 
novation or assignment of the Swap Agreement and Credit Support Deed, a substitution of the Index 
or a resignation or termination of an Agent’s appointment has occurred or is continuing or to monitor 
compliance by the Agents, the Swap Counterparty or any Credit Support Provider of the Swap 
Counterparty or any other Transaction Party with any of their respective obligations under the 
Transaction Documents. 
(y) 
Responsibility for Appointees 
If the Trustee exercises reasonable care in selecting any custodian, agent, delegate or nominee (an 
“Appointee”), it will not have any obligation to supervise such Appointee or be responsible for any 
loss, liability, cost, claim, action, demand or expense incurred by reason of the Appointee’s 
misconduct or default or the misconduct or default of any substitute appointed by the Appointee.  
(z) 
Notice in Respect of Appointees 
The Trustee will, within a reasonable time prior to any delegation to an Appointee or any renewal, 
extension or termination thereof, give notice thereof (containing details of such appointment) to the 
Issuer. 
(aa) No Responsibility for Clearing Systems 
None of the Issuer, the Trustee or any other Transaction Party will have any responsibility for the 
performance by the Relevant Clearing System (or its participants or indirect participants) of any of 
their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
(bb) Certifications 
The Trustee will be entitled to rely upon a certificate of any Transaction Party in respect of every 
matter and circumstance for which a certificate, calculation or determination is expressly provided 
for under these Conditions and/or the relevant Transaction Documents and also in relation to any 
matter reasonably believed by the Trustee to be within the knowledge of the party certifying the 
same and the Trustee will not be bound in any such case to call for further evidence or be 
responsible for any loss, liability, costs, damages, expenses or inconvenience that may be 
occasioned by its failing so to do.  
(cc) 
No Obligations to Monitor Transaction Parties Under the Trust Deed and the Security 
Deed 
Pursuant to the Trust Deed and the Security Deed, the Trustee will not be obliged to monitor nor be 
liable for any failure to monitor the performance by any Transaction Party of its duties and 
obligations under the Transaction Documents to the Issuer or by any other person of its obligations 
to the Issuer. The Trustee may assume that such are being performed unless it has actual 
knowledge to the contrary. The Trustee will not be obliged to take any action or step against any 
such Transaction Party or other person (unless secured and/or pre-funded and/or indemnified to its 
satisfaction). 
(dd) Certifications of Amounts Owed 
The Trustee will be entitled to rely upon a certificate of any party to the Transaction Documents as 
to any amounts owing to any such party and will not be responsible for any loss occasioned by its 
relying and acting on such certificate. 
(ee) Authorised Participants 
The Trustee will not be responsible for monitoring or ascertaining whether there is one or more 
Authorised Participants or no Authorised Participant in respect of the ETC Securities or whether no 
Authorised Participant is willing to purchase any ETC Securities and, unless and until it receives 
express notice to the contrary, it will be entitled to assume that there is one or more Authorised 
Participants in respect of the ETC Securities and that one or more Authorised Participants is or are 
willing to purchase the ETC Securities. 
(ff) 
Calculation of Value per ETC Security and Redemption Amounts 
In ascertaining any Value per ETC Security, Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption 
Amount, as applicable, the Trustee will be entitled to call for and rely upon a determination by the 
Determination Agent or the Programme Swap Counterparty (in each case acting as agent of the 
Issuer or if the Trustee so requests as agent of the Trustee, as applicable) as to such amount. 
(gg) Signed Documents 
The Trustee will not incur liability to any person in acting upon any signature, instrument, notice, 
resolution, endorsement, request, consent, order, certificate, report, opinion, bond or other 
document or paper believed by it to be genuine and believed by it to be signed by the proper party 
or parties. 
(hh) Trustee Liable for Negligence 
Section 1 of the Trustee Act 2000 will not apply to any function of the Trustee, provided that if the 
Trustee fails to show the degree of care and diligence required of it as trustee, nothing in these 
Conditions or the Security Deed [If Bearer Securities, text will apply or be inserted – or the Trust 
Deed] will relieve or indemnify the Trustee from or against any liability that would otherwise attach

--- Page 149 ---
149 
to it in respect of any negligence, wilful default, breach of duty or breach of trust of which it may be 
guilty.][If Uncertificated Registered Securities, text will apply or be inserted – In the purported 
execution of the trusts, powers and provisions of the Trust Deed, the Trustee will not be liable for 
any loss, liability, cost, claim, action, demand or expense arising in consequence of the failure, 
depreciation or loss of any investments made or retained in good faith or by reason of any mistake 
or omission made in good faith or of any other act, omission, matter or thing whatever except for 
breach of trust arising from fraud, wilful misconduct or negligence on the part of the Trustee.] 
(ii) 
Waiver and Proof of Default 
(i) 
The Trustee may, without the consent of the Securityholders and without prejudice to its 
rights in respect of any subsequent breach, from time to time and at any time, if in its opinion 
the interests of the Securityholders will not be materially prejudiced thereby, waive or 
authorise, on such terms as seem expedient to it, any breach or proposed breach by the 
Issuer of the Trust Deed, the Conditions or any other Transaction Document or determine 
that an Event of Default or Potential Event of Default will not be treated as such provided that 
the Trustee will not do so in contravention of an express direction given by an Extraordinary 
Resolution. No such direction or request will affect a previous waiver, authorisation or 
determination. Any such waiver, authorisation or determination will be binding on the 
Securityholders and, if the Trustee so requires, will be notified to the Securityholders as soon 
as practicable. 
(ii) 
Proof that the Issuer has failed to make a payment of Principal when due under the 
Conditions to the holder of any one ETC Security will (unless the contrary be proved) be 
sufficient evidence that it has made the same default as regards all other ETC Securities that 
are then payable. 
(jj) 
Trustee not Precluded from Entering into Contracts 
The Trustee and any other person, whether or not acting for itself, may acquire, hold, deal in or 
dispose of any ETC Security or other security (or any interest therein) of the Issuer or any other 
person, may enter into or be interested in any contract or transaction with any such person and may 
act on, or as depositary or agent for, any committee or body of holders of any securities of any such 
person in each case with the same rights as it would have had if the Trustee were not acting as 
Trustee and need not account for any profit. 
(kk) 
Accumulation of Moneys 
If the amount of the moneys at any time available to the Trustee for payment of Principal in respect 
of the ETC Securities in accordance with Condition 6(b) or 6(c), as applicable, is less than 10 per 
cent. of the aggregate Value per ETC Security of the ETC Securities then outstanding (determined 
on an outstanding (actual) basis), the Trustee may, pursuant to the Trust Deed or the Security Deed, 
as applicable, at its discretion, invest such moneys. The Trustee may retain such investments and 
accumulate the resulting income until the investments and the accumulations, together with any 
other funds for the time being under its control and available for such payment, amount to at least 
10 per cent. of the aggregate Value per ETC Security of the ETC Securities then outstanding 
(determined on an outstanding (actual) basis) and then such investments, accumulations and funds 
(after deduction of, or provision for, any applicable Taxes) will be applied as specified in Condition 
6(b) or 6(c), as applicable.  
(ll) 
Investment 
Pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed and the Security Deed, moneys held by the Trustee may 
be (x) invested in its name or under its control in any investments or other assets anywhere whether

--- Page 150 ---
150 
or not they produce income or (y) deposited in its name or under its control at such bank or other 
financial institution in such currency as the Trustee may, in its absolute discretion, think fit. If that 
bank or institution is the Trustee or a subsidiary, holding or associated company of the Trustee, it 
need only account for an amount of interest equal to the standard amount of interest payable by it 
on such a deposit to an independent customer. The Trustee may, at any time, vary or transpose 
any such investments or assets or convert any moneys so deposited into any other currency, and 
will not be responsible for any resulting loss, whether by depreciation in value, change in exchange 
rates or otherwise provided that all such investments or assets invested in, or deposits made, by 
the Trustee will be in investments or assets denominated in the Specified Currency of the ETC 
Securities (and to the extent (if any) that sums received by the Trustee in respect of the ETC 
Securities are in a currency other than the Specified Currency of the ETC Securities, the Trustee 
may, for the purposes of making investments in accordance with the Trust Deed or Security Deed, 
as applicable, convert such sums into the Specified Currency of the ETC Securities and will not be 
responsible for any resulting loss, whether by depreciation in value, change in exchange rates or 
otherwise). In the event that the ETC Securities are rated by a Rating Agency at the request of the 
Issuer, all such investments or assets will, at the time of investment, be rated: 
(i) 
where the ETC Securities are rated by Fitch, AAA by Fitch (in the case of long-term 
investments or assets of more than one year), F1+ by Fitch (in the case of short-term 
investments or assets of one year or less) or such alternative rating as may be advised by 
Fitch as being acceptable for being commensurate with the rating assigned to such ETC 
Securities; 
(ii) 
where the ETC Securities are rated by Moody’s, Aaa by Moody’s (in the case of long-term 
investments or assets of more than one year), P-1 by Moody’s (in the case of short-term 
investments or assets of one year or less) or such alternative rating as may be advised by 
Moody’s as being acceptable for being commensurate with the rating assigned to such ETC 
Securities; 
(iii) 
where the ETC Securities are rated by S&P, AAA by S&P (in the case of long-term 
investments or assets of more than one year), A-1+ by S&P (in the case of short-term 
investments or assets of one year or less) or such alternative rating as may be advised by 
S&P as being acceptable for being commensurate with the rating assigned to such ETC 
Securities; and 
(iv) 
where the ETC Securities are rated by any other agency, such rating as may be advised by 
that rating agency as being acceptable for being commensurate with the rating assigned to 
such ETC Securities; and 
in respect of the ETC Securities rated by a Rating Agency at the request of the Issuer, where any 
moneys are placed on deposit with a bank or financial institution, such bank or financial institution 
will, at the time of investment, be rated at least: 
(A) 
where the ETC Securities are rated by Fitch, F1+ by Fitch; 
(B) 
where the ETC Securities are rated by Moody’s, P-1 by Moody’s; 
(C) 
where the ETC Securities are rated by S&P, A-1+ by S&P; and 
(D) 
where the ETC Securities are rated by any other rating agency, such rating as may be 
advised by that rating agency for these purposes, 
provided that, in relation to this Condition 20(ll), if the ETC Securities are rated by more than one 
Rating Agency the higher of the ratings requirements in this Condition 20(ll) and the Trust Deed in 
relation to the relevant Rating Agencies will apply.

--- Page 151 ---
151 
(mm) Creditworthiness of the Secured Property and the Transaction Parties 
Pursuant to the Security Deed, the Trustee will have no responsibility or liability to the Issuer, any 
Securityholder, any Secured Creditor or any Other Creditor for the creditworthiness (which the 
Trustee shall not investigate) of any property comprising all or part of the Secured Property relating 
to the ETC Securities at any time or any property transferred to the Issuer under the Credit Support 
Deed, or any obligor or guarantor in respect thereof, or the creditworthiness of any Transaction 
Party, or the validity or enforceability of the obligations of any Transaction Party. 
(nn) Ability to Borrow on Secured Property 
Pursuant to the Security Deed, the Trustee may raise and borrow money on the security of the 
Secured Property or any part of it in order to defray moneys, costs, charges, losses and expenses 
paid or incurred by it in relation to the Security Deed (including the costs of realising any security 
and the remuneration of the Trustee) or in exercise of any of its functions pursuant to the Security 
Deed. The Trustee may raise and borrow such money on such terms as it shall think fit and may 
secure its repayment with interest by mortgaging or otherwise charging all or part of the Secured 
Property whether or not in priority to the Security constituted by or pursuant to the Security Deed 
and generally in such manner and form as the Trustee shall think fit and for such purposes may 
take such action as it shall think fit. 
(oo) Liability of Trustee, Receiver, Attorneys or Agents 
Pursuant to the Security Deed, neither the Trustee nor any receiver or any attorney or agent of the 
Trustee will, by reason of taking possession of any Secured Property or any other reason and 
whether or not as mortgagee in possession, be liable to account for anything except actual receipts 
or be liable for any loss or damage arising from the realisation of such Secured Property or from 
any act or omission in relation to such Secured Property or otherwise unless such loss or damage 
shall be caused by its own fraud. 
(pp) Deficiency Arising from Tax 
Pursuant to the Security Deed, the Trustee will have no responsibility or liability to the Issuer, any 
Securityholder, any Secured Creditor or any Other Creditor as regards any deficiency which might 
arise because the Trustee or Custodian is subject to any Tax in respect of any of the Secured 
Property, any income therefrom and/or the proceeds thereof. 
(qq) Indemnity Under the Security Deed 
Pursuant to the Security Deed, without prejudice to the right of indemnity by law given to trustees 
and subject to the provisions of Section 750 of the Companies Act 2006, the Trustee and every 
receiver, attorney, manager, agent or other person appointed by the Trustee under the Security 
Deed will be entitled to be indemnified out of the Secured Property in respect of all liabilities and 
expenses properly incurred by them or him in the execution or purported execution of the trusts or 
of any functions vested in them or him pursuant to the Security Deed and against all actions, 
proceedings, costs, claims and demands in respect of any acts or omissions relating to the Secured 
Property, and the Trustee may retain any part of any moneys in its hands arising from the trusts of 
the Security Deed to pay all sums necessary to effect such indemnity and also the remuneration of 
the Trustee. The Trustee shall have a lien on such Secured Property for all moneys payable to it 
under this Condition 20(qq), the Security Deed or otherwise. The Trustee is not obliged or required 
to take any step or action under or in connection with the ETC Securities, the Security Deed and/or 
any other Transaction Document which may involve it in incurring any personal liability or expense 
unless indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
(rr) 
No Obligations to Monitor Transaction Parties Under the Security Deed 
In acting as Trustee under the Security Deed, the Trustee will not be obliged to monitor or be liable 
for any failure to monitor the performance by any Transaction Party of its duties and obligations 
under the Transaction Documents to the Issuer or any other or by any other person of its obligations 
to the Issuer. The Trustee may assume that such are being performed unless it shall have actual 
knowledge to the contrary. The Trustee will not be obliged to take any action or step against any 
such Transaction Party or other person unless secured and/or pre-funded and/or indemnified to its 
satisfaction. 
(ss) 
Validity of the Security 
The Trustee assumes no responsibility for the validity, value, sufficiency or enforceability (which the 
Trustee has not investigated) of the Security purported to be created by the Security Deed or the 
security created in favour of the Issuer under the Credit Support Deed. In addition, the Trustee has 
no duty to monitor the performance by the Agents, the Swap Counterparty or any Credit Support 
Provider of the Swap Counterparty of their obligations to the Issuer nor is it obliged (unless secured 
and/or pre-funded and/or indemnified to its satisfaction) to take any action or step which may involve 
the Trustee in any personal liability or expense. The Trustee will not be liable to any Securityholder, 
any Secured Creditor, any Other Creditor or any other person for any failure to make or cause to be 
made on its behalf the searches, investigations and enquiries which would normally be made by a 
prudent chargee, mortgagee or assignee in relation to the Secured Property. 
(tt) 
Credit Risk 
The Trustee will have no responsibility or liability to the Issuer, any Securityholder, any Secured 
Creditor or any Other Creditor (and will not be under any obligation to make any searches, 
investigations and enquiries) as regards the creditworthiness of (i) any Transaction Party, (ii) any 
property transferred to the Issuer under the Credit Support Deed, or (iii) any property comprising 
the Secured Property at any time. 
(uu) Obligations of the Custodian and any Sub-Custodian(s) 
The Trustee will have no responsibility for the performance by the Custodian or Sub-Custodian of 
any of its respective obligations and will not be responsible for any claim arising from the fact that 
any property comprised in the Secured Property is held in safe custody by the Custodian or any 
Sub-Custodian(s). The Trustee will have no liability to the Issuer, any Securityholder, any Secured 
Creditor or any Other Creditor as regards any deficiency which may arise because all or part of the 
Secured Property or any property transferred to the Issuer under the Credit Support Deed is held 
by the Custodian or Sub-Custodian. 
(vv) 
Voting Rights 
Pursuant to the Security Deed, the Trustee need not exercise any voting or other such rights 
(including the exercise of options) it may have over or in respect of any property comprised in the 
Secured Property unless directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Securityholders and unless 
indemnified and/or pre-funded and/or secured to its satisfaction. 
(ww) [If Bearer Securities, text will apply or be inserted – Forged ETC Securities 
The Trustee will not be liable to the Issuer or any Securityholder, Secured Creditor or Other Creditor 
by reason of having accepted as valid or not having rejected any ETC Security purporting to be 
such and later found to be forged or not authentic.]

--- Page 153 ---
153 
[If Uncertificated Registered Securities or Bearer Securities in CGN form, text will apply or be 
inserted - This Condition is intentionally left blank.] 
21 Relevant Clearing System 
None of the Issuer, the Trustee, the Agents, the Swap Counterparty or any Credit Support Provider will 
have any responsibility for the performance by the Relevant Clearing System (or its participants or indirect 
participants) of any of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their 
operations. 
22 Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the ETC Securities under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 except and to the extent (if any) that the ETC Securities expressly provide 
for such Act to apply to any of their terms. 
23 Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law 
[If Bearer Securities, text will apply or be inserted – The Issue Deed, the Trust Deed, the Security 
Deed and the ETC Securities (including any Global Security), and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, English law.] 
[If Uncertificated Registered Securities, text will apply or be inserted – The Trust Deed and the ETC 
Securities, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Jersey law. The Issue Deed and the 
Security Deed, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law.] 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
The courts of England are to have non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise 
out of or in connection with any ETC Securities and, accordingly, any legal action or proceedings 
arising out of or in connection with any ETC Securities (“Proceedings”) may be brought in such 
courts. The Issuer irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of such courts and waives any objections 
to Proceedings in such courts on the ground of venue or on the ground that the Proceedings have 
been brought in an inconvenient forum. This submission is for the benefit of each of the Trustee and 
the Securityholders and shall not limit the right of any of them to take Proceedings in any other court 
of competent jurisdiction nor shall the taking of Proceedings in any one or more jurisdictions 
preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not). 
(c) 
Service of Process 
The Issuer shall by executing the Issue Deed irrevocably appoint for the time being the process 
agent specified in the relevant Issue Deed to receive, for it and on its behalf, service of process in 
any Proceedings in England. Service of process on such process agent shall be deemed valid 
service upon the Issuer whether or not it is forwarded to and received by the Issuer. The Issuer shall 
inform the Trustee in writing of any change in its process agent’s address within 28 calendar days 
of such change. If for any reason such process agent ceases to be able to act as such or no longer 
has an address in London, the Issuer irrevocably agrees to appoint a substitute process agent in 
England reasonably acceptable to the Trustee and to deliver to it a copy of the substitute process 
agent’s written acceptance of that appointment, within 14 calendar days.

--- Page 154 ---
154 
Annex 1 to the Master Terms and Conditions of the ETC Securities 
PROVISIONS FOR MEETINGS OF SECURITYHOLDERS 
 
[If Bearer Securities, text will apply or be inserted – 
Interpretation 
1 
In this Annex: 
(a) 
references to a meeting are to a meeting of Securityholders of a single series of ETC Securities and 
include, unless the context otherwise requires, any adjournment of such meeting; 
(b) 
references to “ETC Securities” and “Securityholders” are only to the ETC Securities of the relevant 
Series in respect of which a meeting has been, or is to be, called and to the holders of these ETC 
Securities, respectively; 
(c) 
“agent” means a holder of a voting certificate or a proxy for, or representative of, a Securityholder; 
(d) 
“block voting instruction” means an instruction issued in accordance with paragraphs 9 to 15; 
(e) 
“voting certificate” means a certificate issued in accordance with paragraphs 6, 7, 8 and 15; and 
(f) 
references to persons representing a proportion of the ETC Securities are to Securityholders or 
agents holding or representing in the aggregate at least that proportion in number of the ETC 
Securities for the time being outstanding. 
Powers of Meetings 
2 
A meeting shall, subject to the Conditions and without prejudice to any powers conferred on other persons 
by the relevant Trust Deed, have power by Extraordinary Resolution: 
(a) 
to sanction any proposal by the Issuer or the Trustee for any modification, abrogation, variation or 
compromise of, or arrangement in respect of, the rights of the Securityholders against the Issuer, 
whether or not those rights arise under the relevant Trust Deed or the relevant Security Deed; 
(b) 
to sanction the exchange or substitution for the ETC Securities of, or the conversion of the ETC 
Securities into, shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other entity; 
(c) 
to assent to any modification of the relevant Trust Deed, the relevant Security Deed or the ETC 
Securities proposed by the Issuer or the Trustee; 
(d) 
to authorise anyone to concur in and do anything necessary to carry out and give effect to an 
Extraordinary Resolution; 
(e) 
to give any authority, direction or sanction required to be given by Extraordinary Resolution; 
(f) 
to appoint any persons (whether Securityholders or not) as a committee or committees to represent 
the Securityholders’ interests and to confer on them any powers or discretions which the 
Securityholders could themselves exercise by Extraordinary Resolution; 
(g) 
to approve a proposed new Trustee and to remove a Trustee; 
(h) 
to approve the substitution of any entity for the Issuer (or any previous substitute) as principal debtor 
under the relevant Trust Deed and the relevant Security Deed; and

--- Page 155 ---
155 
(i) 
to discharge or exonerate the Trustee from any liability in respect of any act or omission for which 
it may become responsible under the relevant Trust Deed or the ETC Securities, 
provided that the special quorum provisions in paragraph 19 shall apply to any Extraordinary Resolution 
(a “special quorum resolution”) for the purpose of sub-paragraph 2.2 or 2.8, any of the proposals listed 
in Condition 16(a) as being subject to a special quorum resolution or any amendment to this proviso. 
Convening a Meeting 
3 
The Issuer or the Trustee may at any time convene a meeting. If it receives a written request by 
Securityholders holding at least 5 per cent. in number of the ETC Securities of any Series for the time 
being outstanding and is indemnified to its satisfaction against all costs and expenses, the Trustee shall 
convene a meeting of the Securityholders of that Series. Every meeting shall be held at a time and place 
approved in writing by the Trustee. 
4 
At least 21 calendar days’ prior notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is given and of the day of 
the meeting) shall be given to the Securityholders. A copy of the notice shall be given by the party 
convening the meeting to the other parties. The notice shall specify the day, time and place of the meeting 
and, unless the Trustee otherwise agrees, the nature of the resolutions to be proposed and shall explain 
how Securityholders may appoint proxies or representatives, obtain voting certificates and use block voting 
instructions and the details of the time limits applicable. 
5 
If ETC Securities of the relevant Series are listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange, the location of any 
meeting of Securityholders will be Frankfurt, Germany. Any meeting of Securityholders will be notified to 
the Securityholders by or on behalf of the Issuer at least 21 calendar days prior to the day on which the 
meeting shall take place. Such notice will state the name and the registered office of the Issuer, the nature 
of the business to be transacted at the meeting, the time and place of the meeting and will set out the 
requirements that a Securityholder will have to fulfil in order to attend and vote at the meeting and the 
conditions that apply to the casting of votes. In addition to publication of the notice of any such meeting in 
accordance with the terms of the relevant Trust Deed, the notice of any such meeting must be published 
by the Issuer in the German electronic Federal Gazette (elektronischer Bundesanzeiger) and on the 
website of the Issuer. A non-binding German translation of the English language version of each notice, 
voting certificate and any other documents relating to any such meeting as indicated in the notice 
convening such meeting will be available to Securityholders. 
Arrangements for Voting 
6 
If a holder of a Bearer Security wishes to obtain a voting certificate in respect of it for a meeting, he must 
deposit it for that purpose at least 48 hours before the time fixed for the meeting with a Paying Agent or to 
the order of a Paying Agent with a bank or other depositary nominated by the Paying Agent for the purpose. 
The Paying Agent shall then issue a voting certificate in respect of that Bearer Security.  
For the avoidance of doubt, for so long as the ETC Securities are Bearer Securities represented by a 
Global Security deposited with a Relevant Clearing System and held by the Relevant Clearing System or 
a common depositary, common safekeeper or nominee, as applicable, on behalf of the Relevant Clearing 
System, the holder of the Bearer Securities for the purposes of the preceding paragraph shall be such 
Relevant Clearing System, common depositary, common safekeeper or nominee, as applicable, provided 
that for the purposes of ascertaining who is entitled to attend and vote, or to appoint a proxy to attend and 
vote, at any meeting convened to pass an Extraordinary Resolution (including a special quorum resolution), 
a person who is or persons who are shown in the records of the Relevant Clearing System as a holder or 
holders of ETC Securities represented by a Global Security shall be treated by the Issuer, the Transaction 
Parties and the bearer of such Global Security as though it is or they are the holder or holders of such 
Global Security.

--- Page 156 ---
156 
Voting Certificate 
7 
A voting certificate shall: 
(a) 
be a document in the English language; 
(b) 
be dated; 
(c) 
specify the meeting concerned and the certificate numbers of the ETC Securities deposited; and 
(d) 
entitle, and state that it entitles, its bearer to attend and vote at that meeting in respect of those ETC 
Securities. 
8 
Once a Paying Agent has issued a voting certificate for a meeting in respect of an ETC Security, it shall 
not release the ETC Security until either: 
(a) 
the meeting has been concluded; or 
(b) 
the voting certificate has been surrendered to the Paying Agent. 
Block Voting  
9 
If a holder of a Bearer Security wishes the votes attributable to it to be included in a block voting instruction 
for a meeting, then, at least 48 hours before the time fixed for the meeting, (i) he must deposit the Bearer 
Security for that purpose with a Paying Agent or to the order of a Paying Agent with a bank or other 
depositary nominated by the Paying Agent for the purpose and (ii) he or a duly authorised person on his 
behalf must direct the Paying Agent how those votes are to be cast. The Paying Agent shall issue a block 
voting instruction in respect of the votes attributable to all Bearer Securities so deposited. 
10 
A block voting instruction shall: 
(a) 
be a document in the English language; 
(b) 
be dated; 
(c) 
specify the meeting concerned; 
(d) 
list the total number and serial numbers of the ETC Securities deposited, distinguishing with regard 
to each resolution between those voting for and those voting against it; 
(e) 
certify that such list is in accordance with ETC Securities deposited and directions received as 
provided in paragraphs 9, 12 and 15; and 
(f) 
appoint a named person (a “proxy”) to vote at that meeting in respect of those ETC Securities and 
in accordance with that list. A proxy need not be a Securityholder. 
11 
Once the Issuing and Paying Agent or other relevant Paying Agent has issued a block voting instruction 
for a meeting in respect of the votes attributable to any ETC Securities: 
(a) 
it shall not release the ETC Securities, except as provided in paragraph 12, until the meeting has 
been concluded; and 
(b) 
the directions to which it gives effect may not be revoked or altered during the 48 hours before the 
time fixed for the meeting. 
12 
If the receipt for an ETC Security deposited with the Issuing and Paying Agent or other relevant Paying 
Agent in accordance with paragraph 9 is surrendered to the Issuing and Paying Agent or such other 
relevant Paying Agent, as applicable, at least 48 hours before the time fixed for the meeting, the Issuing

--- Page 157 ---
157 
and Paying Agent or such other relevant Paying Agent, as applicable, shall release the ETC Security and 
exclude the votes attributable to it from the block voting instruction. 
13 
Each block voting instruction shall be deposited at least 24 hours before the time fixed for the meeting at 
such place as the Trustee shall designate or approve, and in default it shall not be valid unless the chairman 
of the meeting decides otherwise before the meeting proceeds to business. If the Trustee requires, a 
notarially certified copy of each block voting instruction shall be produced by the proxy at the meeting but 
the Trustee need not investigate or be concerned with the validity of the proxy’s appointment. 
14 
A vote cast in accordance with a block voting instruction shall be valid even if it or any of the 
Securityholders’ instructions pursuant to which it was executed has previously been revoked or amended, 
unless written intimation of such revocation or amendment is received from the Issuing and Paying Agent 
or other relevant Paying Agent by the Issuer or the Trustee at its registered office or by the chairman of 
the meeting in each case at least 24 hours before the time fixed for the meeting. 
15 
No ETC Security may be deposited with or to the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent or other relevant 
Paying Agent at the same time for the purposes of both paragraph 6 and paragraph 9 for the same meeting. 
Chairman 
16 
The chairman of a meeting shall be such person as the Trustee may nominate in writing, but, if no such 
nomination is made or if the person nominated is not present within 15 minutes after the time fixed for the 
meeting, the Securityholders or agents present shall choose one of their number to be chairman, failing 
which the Issuer may appoint a chairman. The chairman need not be a Securityholder or agent. The 
chairman of an adjourned meeting need not be the same person as the chairman of the original meeting. 
Attendance 
17 
The following may attend and speak at a meeting: 
(a) 
Securityholders and agents; 
(b) 
the chairman; 
(c) 
the Issuer and the Trustee (through their respective representatives) and their respective financial 
and legal advisers; 
(d) 
the Lead Authorised Participant and the relevant Authorised Participant(s) in respect of the relevant 
Series of ETC Securities and their respective legal and financial advisers; and 
(e) 
the Programme Swap Counterparty, the Swap Counterparty and any Credit Support Provider of the 
Swap Counterparty relating to the relevant Series of ETC Securities and their respective legal and 
financial advisers. 
No one else may attend or speak. 
Quorum and Adjournment 
18 
No business (except choosing a chairman) shall be transacted at a meeting unless a quorum is present at 
the commencement of business. If a quorum is not present within 15 minutes from the time initially fixed 
for the meeting, it shall, if convened on the requisition of Securityholders or if the Issuer and the Trustee 
agree, be dissolved. In any other case, it shall be adjourned until such date, not less than 14 nor more than 
42 calendar days later, and time and place as the chairman may decide (the “adjourned meeting”). If a 
quorum is not present within 15 minutes from the time fixed for a meeting so adjourned, the meeting shall 
be dissolved.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
19 
 
(a) 
At a meeting, one or more Securityholders or agents present in person holding or representing in 
the aggregate not less than 50 per cent. of the aggregate number of ETC Securities of the relevant 
Series outstanding shall form a quorum for the purpose of passing an Extraordinary Resolution at 
such meeting (other than an adjourned meeting or a meeting convened for the purpose of passing 
a special quorum meeting). 
(b) 
At a meeting convened for the purpose of passing a special quorum resolution, the quorum shall be 
one or more Securityholders or agents present in person holding or representing in the aggregate 
not less than 75 per cent. of the aggregate number of ETC Securities of the relevant Series 
outstanding. 
(c) 
At an adjourned meeting, one or more Securityholders or agents present in person holding or 
representing in the aggregate not less than 25 per cent. of the aggregate number of ETC Securities 
of the relevant Series outstanding shall form a quorum for the purpose of passing an Extraordinary 
Resolution at such adjourned meeting (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any special quorum 
resolution). 
20 
The chairman may, with the consent of (and shall if directed by) a meeting, adjourn the meeting from time 
to time and from place to place. Only business which could have been transacted at the original meeting 
may be transacted at a meeting adjourned in accordance with this paragraph 20 or paragraph 18. 
21 
At least 14 calendar days’ prior notice of a meeting adjourned through want of a quorum shall be given in 
the same manner as for an original meeting and that notice shall state the quorum required at the adjourned 
meeting. No notice need, however, otherwise be given of an adjourned meeting. 
Voting 
22 
Each question submitted to a meeting shall be decided by a show of hands unless a poll is (before, or on 
the declaration of the result of, the show of hands) demanded by the chairman, the Issuer, the Trustee or 
one or more persons representing 2 per cent. of the aggregate number of ETC Securities of the relevant 
Series outstanding (determined on an outstanding (actual) basis). 
23 
A resolution (other than a special quorum resolution or an Extraordinary Resolution) shall only be passed 
at a meeting if one or more Securityholders or agents holding or representing in aggregate not less than 
50 per cent. of the votes cast at the meeting vote in favour of passing such resolution. 
24 
Unless a poll is demanded, a declaration by the chairman that a resolution has or has not been passed 
shall be conclusive evidence of the fact, without proof of the number or proportion of the votes cast in 
favour of or against it. 
25 
If a poll is demanded, it shall be taken in such manner and (subject as provided in paragraph 26) either at 
once or after such adjournment as the chairman directs. The result of the poll shall be deemed to be the 
resolution of the meeting at which it was demanded as at the date it was taken. A demand for a poll shall 
not prevent the meeting continuing for the transaction of business other than the question on which it has 
been demanded. 
26 
A poll demanded on the election of a chairman or on a question of adjournment shall be taken at once. 
27 
On a show of hands, every person who is present in person and who produces a Bearer Security or a 
voting certificate or is a proxy or representative has one vote. On a poll, every such person has one vote 
in respect of each ETC Security of such Series of ETC Securities so produced or represented by the voting

--- Page 159 ---
159 
certificate so produced or for which he is a proxy or representative. Without prejudice to the obligations of 
proxies, a person entitled to more than one vote need not use them all or cast them all in the same way. 
Effect and Publication of an Extraordinary Resolution 
28 
An Extraordinary Resolution shall be binding on all the Securityholders, whether or not present at the 
meeting and each of them shall be bound to give effect to it accordingly. The passing of an Extraordinary 
Resolution shall be conclusive evidence that the circumstances justify its being passed. The Issuer shall 
give notice of the passing of an Extraordinary Resolution to Securityholders within 14 calendar days but 
failure to do so shall not invalidate such an Extraordinary Resolution. 
29 
A resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. of the aggregate 
number of ETC Securities outstanding (determined on an outstanding (actual) basis) who for the time being 
are entitled to receive notice of a meeting held in accordance with these provisions shall for all purposes 
be as valid and effectual as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of such Securityholders duly 
convened and held in accordance with these provisions. Such resolution in writing may be contained in 
one document or in several documents in like form each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the 
Securityholders. 
30 
If ETC Securities are listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange and/or the laws and regulations applicable to 
the ETC Securities require, a copy of each resolution passed shall be published by the Issuer in the 
German electronic Federal Gazette (elektronischer Bundesanzeiger) and on the website maintained for 
the Issuer. 
Minutes 
31 
Minutes shall be made of all resolutions and proceedings at every meeting and, if purporting to be signed 
by the chairman of that meeting or of the next succeeding meeting, shall be conclusive evidence of the 
matters in them. Until the contrary is proved, every meeting for which minutes have been so made and 
signed shall be deemed to have been duly convened and held and all resolutions passed or proceedings 
transacted at it to have been duly passed and transacted. 
32 
If ETC Securities are listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange and/or the laws and regulations applicable to 
the ETC Securities require, a copy of the minutes shall be notarised by a notary. 
Trustee’s Power to Prescribe Regulations 
33 
Subject to all other provisions in the relevant Trust Deed and any laws and regulations applicable to the 
relevant Series of ETC Securities, the Trustee may, without the consent of the Securityholders, prescribe 
such further regulations regarding the holding of meetings and attendance and voting at them as it in its 
sole discretion determines including (without limitation) such requirements as the Trustee thinks 
reasonable to satisfy itself that the persons who purport to make any requisition in accordance with the 
relevant Trust Deed are entitled to do so and as to the form of voting certificates or block voting instructions 
so as to satisfy itself that persons who purport to attend or vote at a meeting are entitled to do so. 
34 
The foregoing provisions of this Annex shall have effect subject to the following provisions: 
(a) 
Meetings of Securityholders of separate Series will normally be held separately. However, the 
Trustee may, from time to time, determine that meetings of Securityholders of separate Series shall 
be held together. 
(b) 
A resolution that in the opinion of the Trustee affects one Series alone shall be deemed to have 
been duly passed if passed at a separate meeting of the Securityholders of the Series concerned.

--- Page 160 ---
160 
(c) 
A resolution that in the opinion of the Trustee affects the Securityholders of more than one Series 
but does not give rise to a conflict of interest between the Securityholders of the different Series 
concerned shall only be deemed to have been duly passed if passed at a single meeting of the 
Securityholders of the relevant Series, provided that, for the purposes of determining the votes a 
Securityholder is entitled to cast pursuant to paragraph 27, each Securityholder shall have one vote 
in respect of each ETC Security held. 
(d) 
A resolution that in the opinion of the Trustee affects the Securityholders of more than one Series 
and gives or may give rise to a conflict of interest between Securityholders of the different Series 
concerned shall be deemed to have been duly passed only if it shall be duly passed at separate 
meetings of the Securityholders of the relevant Series. 
(e) 
To all such meetings as aforesaid, all the preceding provisions of this Annex shall mutatis mutandis 
apply as though references therein to ETC Securities and to Securityholders were references to the 
ETC Securities and Securityholders of the Series concerned.]

--- Page 161 ---
161 
[If Uncertificated Registered Securities, text will apply or be inserted – 
Interpretation 
1 
In this Annex: 
(a) 
references to a meeting are to a meeting of Securityholders of a single series of ETC Securities and 
include, unless the context otherwise requires, any adjournment of such meeting; 
(b) 
references to “ETC Securities” and “Securityholders” are only to the ETC Securities of the relevant 
Series in respect of which a meeting has been, or is to be, called and to the holders of these ETC 
Securities, respectively; 
(c) 
“agent” means a holder of a voting certificate or a proxy for, or representative of, a Securityholder; 
and 
(d) 
references to persons representing a proportion of the ETC Securities are to Securityholders or 
agents holding or representing in the aggregate at least that proportion in number of the ETC 
Securities for the time being outstanding. 
Powers of Meetings 
2 
A meeting shall, subject to the Conditions and without prejudice to any powers conferred on other persons 
by the relevant Trust Deed, have power by Extraordinary Resolution: 
(a) 
to sanction any proposal by the Issuer or the Trustee for any modification, abrogation, variation or 
compromise of, or arrangement in respect of, the rights of the Securityholders against the Issuer, 
whether or not those rights arise under the relevant Trust Deed or the relevant Security Deed; 
(b) 
to sanction the exchange or substitution for the ETC Securities of, or the conversion of the ETC 
Securities into, shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other entity; 
(c) 
to assent to any modification of the relevant Trust Deed, the relevant Security Deed or the ETC 
Securities proposed by the Issuer or the Trustee; 
(d) 
to authorise anyone to concur in and do anything necessary to carry out and give effect to an 
Extraordinary Resolution; 
(e) 
to give any authority, direction or sanction required to be given by Extraordinary Resolution; 
(f) 
to appoint any persons (whether Securityholders or not) as a committee or committees to represent 
the Securityholders’ interests and to confer on them any powers or discretions which the 
Securityholders could themselves exercise by Extraordinary Resolution; 
(g) 
to approve a proposed new Trustee and to remove a Trustee; 
(h) 
to approve the substitution of any entity for the Issuer (or any previous substitute) as principal debtor 
under the relevant Trust Deed and the relevant Security Deed; and 
(i) 
to discharge or exonerate the Trustee from any liability in respect of any act or omission for which 
it may become responsible under the relevant Trust Deed or the ETC Securities, 
provided that the special quorum provisions in paragraph 11 shall apply to any Extraordinary Resolution 
(a “special quorum resolution”) for the purpose of sub-paragraph 2.2 or 2.8, any of the proposals listed 
in Condition 16(a) as being subject to a special quorum resolution or any amendment to this proviso.

--- Page 162 ---
162 
Convening a Meeting 
3 
The Issuer or the Trustee may at any time convene a meeting. If it receives a written request by 
Securityholders holding at least 5 per cent. in number of the ETC Securities of any Series for the time 
being outstanding and is indemnified to its satisfaction against all costs and expenses, the Trustee shall 
convene a meeting of the Securityholders of that Series. Every meeting shall be held at a time and place 
approved in writing by the Trustee. 
4 
At least 21 calendar days’ prior notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is given and of the day of 
the meeting) shall be given to the Securityholders. A copy of the notice shall be given by the party 
convening the meeting to the other parties. The notice shall specify the day, time and place of the meeting 
and, unless the Trustee otherwise agrees, the nature of the resolutions to be proposed and shall explain 
how Securityholders may appoint proxies or representatives and the details of the time limits applicable. 
Arrangements for Voting 
5 
A holder of an Uncertificated Registered Security may, by an instrument in writing in the form available 
from the specified office of the Registrar or the Transfer Agent (as the case may be) in the English language 
executed by or on behalf of the holder and delivered to the Registrar or the Transfer Agent (as the case 
may be) at least 48 hours before the time fixed for a meeting, appoint any person (a “proxy”) to act on his 
behalf in connection with that meeting. A proxy need not be a Securityholder. 
6 
A corporation which holds an Uncertificated Registered Security may by delivering to the Registrar or the 
Transfer Agent (as the case may be) at least 48 hours before the time fixed for a meeting a certificated 
copy of a resolution of its directors or other governing body (with, if it is not in English, a certified translation 
into English) authorise any person to act as its representative (a “representative”) in connection with that 
meeting. 
7 
Any proxy or sub-proxy so appointed or representative so appointed shall, so long as such appointment 
remains in full force, be deemed, for all purposes in connection with the relevant meeting or adjourned 
meeting of the Securityholders, to be the holder of the Uncertificated Registered Securities to which such 
appointment relates and the holder of the ETC Securities shall be deemed for such purposes not to be the 
holder or owner, respectively. 
Chairman 
8 
The chairman of a meeting shall be such person as the Trustee may nominate in writing, but, if no such 
nomination is made or if the person nominated is not present within 15 minutes after the time fixed for the 
meeting, the Securityholders or agents present shall choose one of their number to be chairman, failing 
which the Issuer may appoint a chairman. The chairman need not be a Securityholder or agent. The 
chairman of an adjourned meeting need not be the same person as the chairman of the original meeting. 
Attendance 
9 
The following may attend and speak at a meeting: 
(a) 
Securityholders and agents and their proxies or representatives; 
(b) 
the chairman; 
(c) 
the Issuer and the Trustee (through their respective representatives) and their respective financial 
and legal advisers; 
(d) 
the Lead Authorised Participant and the relevant Authorised Participant(s) in respect of the relevant 
Series of ETC Securities and their respective legal and financial advisers; and

--- Page 163 ---
163 
(e) 
the Programme Swap Counterparty, the Swap Counterparty and any Credit Support Provider of the 
Swap Counterparty relating to the relevant Series of ETC Securities and their respective legal and 
financial advisers. 
No one else may attend or speak. 
Quorum and Adjournment 
10 
No business (except choosing a chairman) shall be transacted at a meeting unless a quorum is present at 
the commencement of business. If a quorum is not present within 15 minutes from the time initially fixed 
for the meeting, it shall, if convened on the requisition of Securityholders or if the Issuer and the Trustee 
agree, be dissolved. In any other case, it shall be adjourned until such date, not less than 14 nor more than 
42 calendar days later, and time and place as the chairman may decide (the “adjourned meeting”). If a 
quorum is not present within 15 minutes from the time fixed for a meeting so adjourned, the meeting shall 
be dissolved. 
11 
 
(a) 
At a meeting, one or more Securityholders or agents present in person holding or representing in 
the aggregate not less than 50 per cent. of the aggregate number of ETC Securities of the relevant 
Series outstanding shall form a quorum for the purpose of passing an Extraordinary Resolution at 
such meeting (other than an adjourned meeting or a meeting convened for the purpose of passing 
a special quorum meeting). 
(b) 
At a meeting convened for the purpose of passing a special quorum resolution, the quorum shall be 
one or more Securityholders or agents present in person holding or representing in the aggregate 
not less than 75 per cent. of the aggregate number of ETC Securities of the relevant Series 
outstanding. 
(c) 
At an adjourned meeting, one or more Securityholders or agents present in person holding or 
representing in the aggregate not less than 25 per cent. of the aggregate number of ETC Securities 
of the relevant Series outstanding shall form a quorum for the purpose of passing an Extraordinary 
Resolution at such adjourned meeting (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any special quorum 
resolution). 
12 
The chairman may, with the consent of (and shall if directed by) a meeting, adjourn the meeting from time 
to time and from place to place. Only business which could have been transacted at the original meeting 
may be transacted at a meeting adjourned in accordance with this paragraph 12 or paragraph 10. 
13 
At least 14 calendar days’ prior notice of a meeting adjourned through want of a quorum shall be given in 
the same manner as for an original meeting and that notice shall state the quorum required at the adjourned 
meeting. No notice need, however, otherwise be given of an adjourned meeting. 
Voting 
14 
Each question submitted to a meeting shall be decided by a show of hands unless a poll is (before, or on 
the declaration of the result of, the show of hands) demanded by the chairman, the Issuer, the Trustee or 
one or more persons representing 2 per cent. of the aggregate number of ETC Securities of the relevant 
Series outstanding (determined on an outstanding (actual) basis). 
15 
A resolution (other than a special quorum resolution or an Extraordinary Resolution) shall only be passed 
at a meeting if one or more Securityholders or agents holding or representing in aggregate not less than 
50 per cent. of the votes cast at the meeting vote in favour of passing such resolution.

--- Page 164 ---
164 
16 
Unless a poll is demanded, a declaration by the chairman that a resolution has or has not been passed 
shall be conclusive evidence of the fact, without proof of the number or proportion of the votes cast in 
favour of or against it. 
17 
If a poll is demanded, it shall be taken in such manner and (subject as provided in paragraph 18) either at 
once or after such adjournment as the chairman directs. The result of the poll shall be deemed to be the 
resolution of the meeting at which it was demanded as at the date it was taken. A demand for a poll shall 
not prevent the meeting continuing for the transaction of business other than the question on which it has 
been demanded. 
18 
A poll demanded on the election of a chairman or on a question of adjournment shall be taken at once. 
19 
On a show of hands, every person who is present in person and who is a proxy or representative has one 
vote. On a poll every such person has one vote in respect of each ETC Security of such Series of ETC 
Securities for which he is a proxy or representative. Without prejudice to the obligations of proxies, a person 
entitled to more than one vote need not use them all or cast them all in the same way. 
Effect and Publication of an Extraordinary Resolution 
20 
An Extraordinary Resolution shall be binding on all the Securityholders, whether or not present at the 
meeting and each of them shall be bound to give effect to it accordingly. The passing of an Extraordinary 
Resolution shall be conclusive evidence that the circumstances justify its being passed. The Issuer shall 
give notice of the passing of an Extraordinary Resolution to Securityholders within 14 calendar days but 
failure to do so shall not invalidate such an Extraordinary Resolution. 
21 
A resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. of the aggregate 
number of ETC Securities outstanding (determined on an outstanding (actual) basis) who for the time being 
are entitled to receive notice of a meeting held in accordance with these provisions shall for all purposes 
be as valid and effectual as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of such Securityholders duly 
convened and held in accordance with these provisions. Such resolution in writing may be contained in 
one document or in several documents in like form each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the 
Securityholders. 
Minutes 
22 
Minutes shall be made of all resolutions and proceedings at every meeting and, if purporting to be signed 
by the chairman of that meeting or of the next succeeding meeting, shall be conclusive evidence of the 
matters in them. Until the contrary is proved every meeting for which minutes have been so made and 
signed shall be deemed to have been duly convened and held and all resolutions passed or proceedings 
transacted at it to have been duly passed and transacted. 
Trustee’s Power to Prescribe Regulations 
23 
Subject to all other provisions in the relevant Trust Deed and any laws and regulations applicable to the 
relevant Series of ETC Securities, the Trustee may, without the consent of the Securityholders, prescribe 
such further regulations regarding the holding of meetings and attendance and voting at them as it in its 
sole discretion determines including (without limitation) such requirements as the Trustee thinks 
reasonable to satisfy itself that the persons who purport to make any requisition in accordance with the 
relevant Trust Deed are entitled to do so and so as to satisfy itself that persons who purport to attend or 
vote at a meeting are entitled to do so. 
24 
The foregoing provisions of this Annex shall have effect subject to the following provisions:

--- Page 165 ---
165 
(a) 
Meetings of Securityholders of separate Series will normally be held separately. However, the 
Trustee may, from time to time, determine that meetings of Securityholders of separate Series shall 
be held together. 
(b) 
A resolution that in the opinion of the Trustee affects one Series alone shall be deemed to have 
been duly passed if passed at a separate meeting of the Securityholders of the Series concerned. 
(c) 
A resolution that in the opinion of the Trustee affects the Securityholders of more than one Series 
but does not give rise to a conflict of interest between the Securityholders of the different Series 
concerned shall only be deemed to have been duly passed if passed at a single meeting of the 
Securityholders of the relevant Series, provided that, for the purposes of determining the votes a 
Securityholder is entitled to cast pursuant to paragraph 19, each Securityholder shall have one vote 
in respect of each ETC Security held. 
(d) 
A resolution that in the opinion of the Trustee affects the Securityholders of more than one Series 
and gives or may give rise to a conflict of interest between Securityholders of the different Series 
concerned shall be deemed to have been duly passed only if it shall be duly passed at separate 
meetings of the Securityholders of the relevant Series. 
(e) 
To all such meetings as aforesaid, all the preceding provisions of this Annex shall mutatis mutandis 
apply as though references therein to ETC Securities and to Securityholders were references to the 
ETC Securities and Securityholders of the Series concerned.]

--- Page 166 ---
166 
Annex 2 to the Master Terms and Conditions of the ETC Securities 
 
25 
Eligible Collateral in the Form of Eligible Financial Instruments 
Pursuant to the terms of the Credit Support Deed, the following forms of financial instruments (other than 
such financial instruments issued by the Swap Counterparty or any of its Affiliates) may, subject to 
satisfaction of the eligibility conditions described below, constitute Eligible Financial Instruments and 
Eligible Collateral for the purposes of the Credit Support Deed: 
(a) 
Common Stock and Preference Shares 
The Swap Counterparty may transfer to the Issuer common stock and preference shares provided 
that on any Scheduled Valuation Day: 
(i) 
such common stock or preference shares are (i) listed on a recognised exchange in any of 
the countries listed in the table in Section 2 of this Annex and (ii) a constituent of any of the 
“Eligible Indices” in respect of OECD countries listed in the table in Section 2 of this Annex. 
For these purposes the Swap Counterparty and the Issuer may assume if the common stock 
or preference share is a constituent of any of the indices listed below, that it is listed on a 
recognised exchange, unless it has information to the contrary; 
(ii) 
the Value of any Posted Collateral comprising any single common stock or preference share 
may not exceed 3 per cent. of the market capitalisation of such common stock or preference 
share of the issuer; 
(iii) 
the Value of Posted Collateral comprising common stock and preference shares may not 
exceed U.S.$100 million per issuer; 
(iv) 
no security forming part of the Posted Collateral may have a size larger than five times the 
90-day average trading volume; and 
(v) 
the Value of any Posted Collateral comprising common stock and preference shares issued 
by a single issuer may not exceed 10 per cent. of the aggregate Value of all Posted Collateral 
as at the immediately preceding Scheduled Valuation Day. 
(b) 
Global Depository Receipts (“GDRs”) and American Depository Receipts (“ADRs”) 
The Swap Counterparty may transfer to the Issuer GDRs and ADRs provided that on any Scheduled 
Valuation Day: 
(i) 
the Value of any Posted Collateral comprising any single GDR or ADR may not exceed 3 per 
cent. of the market capitalisation of such GDR/ADR; 
(ii) 
the Value of Posted Collateral comprising GDRs or ADRs may not exceed U.S.$100 million 
per issuer; 
(iii) 
no GDR or ADR forming part of the Posted Collateral may have a size larger than five times 
the 90-day average trading volume calculated on a ratio of 1 ADR/GDR to the underlying 
equity; 
(iv) 
the Value of any Posted Collateral comprising GDRs/ADRs of a single entity may not exceed 
5 per cent. of the aggregate Value of all Posted Collateral as at the immediately preceding 
Scheduled Valuation Day; and 
(v) 
each GDR and ADR must (I) be, or relate to equities, listed on a recognised exchange in any 
of the countries listed in the table in Section 2 of this Annex and (II) be a constituent of any

--- Page 167 ---
167 
of the indices in respect of OECD countries as set out in the table in Section 2 of this Annex 
or relate to equities which are constituents of any of the indices in respect of OECD countries 
as set out in the table in Section 2 of this Annex. For these purposes, the Issuer and the 
Swap Counterparty may assume that, if the GDR or ADR, or the underlying equity of such 
GDR or ADR, is a constituent of any of the indices listed in the table in Section 2 of this 
Annex, it will be listed on a recognised exchange, unless it has information to the contrary. 
(c) 
Convertible Bonds 
The Swap Counterparty may transfer to the Issuer convertible bonds provided that on any 
Scheduled Valuation Day: 
(i) 
the Value of any Posted Collateral comprising a single convertible bond may not exceed 3 
per cent. of the outstanding issue size/market capitalisation of the relevant security; 
(ii) 
the Value of Posted Collateral comprising convertible bonds may not exceed U.S.$100 million 
per issuer; 
(iii) 
the issuer of the convertible bond must be incorporated in one of the OECD countries listed 
in the table in Section 2 of this Annex; 
(iv) 
the issuer of the convertible bond must be the same entity as the issuer of the common stock 
into which the convertible bond may convert; 
(v) 
the Value of any Posted Collateral comprising convertible bonds of a single entity may not 
exceed 5 per cent. of the aggregate Value of all Posted Collateral as at the immediately 
preceding Scheduled Valuation Day; and 
(vi) 
the common stock into which the convertible bond may be converted must be (I) listed on a 
recognised exchange in any of the countries listed in the table in Section 2 of this Annex and 
(II) a constituent of any of the indices in respect of OECD countries listed in the table in 
Section 2 of this Annex. The Issuer and the Swap Counterparty may assume that if the 
common stock in which such convertible bond may be converted, is a constituent of any of 
the indices listed in the table in Section 2 of this Annex, it is listed on a recognised exchange, 
unless it has information to the contrary. 
(d) 
Convertible Preferred Stocks 
The Swap Counterparty may transfer to the Issuer convertible preferred stock provided that on any 
Scheduled Valuation Day: 
(i) 
the Value of any Posted Collateral comprising a single convertible preferred stock may not 
exceed 3 per cent. of the outstanding issue size/market capitalisation of the relevant security; 
(ii) 
the Value of Posted Collateral comprising convertible preferred stock may not exceed 
U.S.$100 million per issuer; 
(iii) 
the Value of any Posted Collateral comprising convertible preferred stock of a single entity 
may not exceed 5 per cent. of aggregate Value of all Posted Collateral as at the immediately 
preceding Scheduled Valuation Day; and 
(iv) 
each common stock into which the convertible preferred stock may be converted must be (I) 
listed on a recognised exchange in any of the countries listed in the table in Section 2 of this 
Annex and (II) a constituent of any of the indices in respect of OECD countries listed in the 
table in Section 2 of this Annex. The Issuer and the Swap Counterparty may assume that, if 
the common stock in which such convertible preferred stock may be converted is a

--- Page 168 ---
168 
constituent of any of the indices listed in the table in Section 2 of this Annex, it is listed on a 
recognised exchange, unless it has information to the contrary. 
(e) 
Government Bonds 
The Swap Counterparty may transfer to the Issuer fixed income government bonds provided that 
on any Scheduled Valuation Day: 
(i) 
the issuer is a stripped or unstripped government and sovereign, supranational, stripped and 
unstripped government agency of an OECD country listed in the table in Section 2 of this 
Annex; 
(ii) 
the bonds are rated BBB+/Baa1 or above. Where the respective ratings of Moody’s and S&P 
are not equivalent to each other, reference will be made to the higher of the two; 
(iii) 
the Value of any Posted Collateral comprising government bonds of a single issuer may not 
exceed 30 per cent. of the aggregate Value of all Posted Collateral as at the immediately 
preceding Scheduled Valuation Day; 
(iv) 
the Value of any Posted Collateral comprising a single government bond may not exceed 20 
per cent. of the aggregate Value of all Posted Collateral as at the immediately preceding 
Scheduled Valuation Day; and 
(v) 
Italian Bonds (including Supranational bonds issued in Italy (“IT” ISIN)) and Japanese 
Government Bonds may only constitute Eligible Collateral if tax documentation acceptable to 
the Issuer and the Custodian has been received from the Swap Counterparty prior to any 
transfer to the Issuer. 
(f) 
Corporate Bonds 
The Swap Counterparty may transfer to the Issuer fixed income corporate bonds provided that on 
any Scheduled Valuation Day: 
(i) 
the issuer is a company incorporated in one of the OECD countries listed in the table in 
Section 2 of this Annex; 
(ii) 
the bonds are rated BBB/Baa2 or above. Where the respective ratings of Moody’s & S&P are 
not equivalent to each other, reference will be made to the higher of the two; 
(iii) 
the Value of any Posted Collateral comprising bonds of a single issuer may not exceed 10 
per cent. of the aggregate Value of all Posted Collateral as at the immediately preceding 
Scheduled Valuation Day; and 
(iv) 
the Value of any Posted Collateral comprising a single corporate bond may not exceed 5 per 
cent. of the aggregate Value of all Posted Collateral as at the immediately preceding 
Scheduled Valuation Day. 
26 
Eligible Countries and Eligible Indices 
Eligible Countries 
Eligible Indices 
Austria 
Austrian Traded ATX index, ATX prime 
Australia 
Australian All Ordinaries Index, ASX20, 
ASX200 
Belgium 
BEL20 Index

--- Page 169 ---
169 
Canada 
S&P Toronto Stock Exchange Composite 
Index, S&P TSX60 Index 
Czech Republic 
Prague Stock Exchange 
Denmark 
KFMX Index, Copenhagen Mid Cap Index 
Finland 
OMX Helsinki (OMXH), OMX Helsinki 25 
(OMXH25) 
France 
CAC40 Index, SBF 80, SBF 120, SBF 250, 
Second Marche Index 
Germany 
DAX30 Index, HDAX, CDAX Performance 
Greece 
ASE General Index 
Hungary 
Budapest Stock Exchange 
Italy 
Milan MIB30 Index, MIBTEL 
Ireland 
Irish Overall Index 
Japan 
NIKKEI 225, Nikkei 300, TOPIX, JASDAQ 
Luxembourg 
LuxX Index 
Netherlands 
Amsterdam Exchanges Index, Amsterdam 
Midcap Index 
New Zealand 
NZX Top 50 Index 
Norway 
OBX Stock Index, OSE All Share Index 
Poland 
WSE WIG Index 
Portugal 
PSI 20 Index 
South Korea 
KOSPI 
Spain 
IBEX 35 / Spain MA Madrid Index 
Sweden 
OMXS30 Index 
Switzerland 
Swiss Market Index, SPI 
Turkey 
Turkey Stock Market National 100 
UK 
FTSE100, 250, 350 Index, FTSE ALL SHARE, 
FTSE Aim 
USA 
S&P 100, 500, Russell 1000, 2000 Index, DIJA, 
NASDAQ 100, Russell 3000, NYSE COMP, 
NASDAQ COMP 
 
27 
Value of Eligible Collateral 
(a) 
Value 
Pursuant to the terms of the Credit Support Deed, subject to Section 4 of this Annex, the value (the 
“Value”) with respect to any asset (other than cash) comprising Eligible Collateral and/or Posted 
Collateral for any Scheduled Valuation Day, as applicable, will be an amount determined by the 
Determination Agent acting in its capacity as valuation agent (the “CSD Valuation Agent”):

--- Page 170 ---
170 
(i) if in the form of Eligible Financial Instruments, equal to the Base Currency Equivalent of the bid 
price obtained by the CSD Valuation Agent for the relevant Eligible Financial Instrument in respect 
of the relevant valuation date multiplied by the applicable Valuation Percentage; or 
(ii) if in the form of Gold, the Base Currency Equivalent of the amount equal to the product of (a) the 
weight in fine troy oz of the relevant quantity of such Gold, (b) the Gold Price in respect of the 
relevant valuation date and (c) the Valuation Percentage. 
For these purposes: 
“Base Currency” means, for so long as the Posted Collateral comprises Gold, USD and if the 
Posted Collateral comprises Eligible Financial Instruments, the currency in which the ETC Securities 
are denominated. 
“Base Currency Equivalent” means, with respect to an amount on a Scheduled Valuation Day, in 
the case of an amount denominated in the Base Currency, such amount in such currency and, in 
the case of an amount in a currency other than the Base Currency (the “Other Currency”), the 
amount in the Base Currency required to purchase such amount of the Other Currency at the spot 
exchange rate published on the relevant Bloomberg Page (or any successor page thereto) for the 
close of business on the immediately preceding London Business Day as determined by the CSD 
Valuation Agent (or if no such rate appears on the relevant Bloomberg Page at the relevant time the 
spot exchange rate shall be the rate determined by the Swap Counterparty in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, provided that if the Swap Counterparty does not so determine 
the relevant rate and notify the CSD Valuation Agent thereof within the time required by the CSD 
Valuation Agent for it to make the necessary determinations and calculations under the Credit 
Support Deed, the CSD Valuation Agent will use the rate last published on the relevant Bloomberg 
Page (or any successor page thereto). 
”Gold Price” means in respect of any Scheduled Valuation Day, the price for Gold (expressed in 
USD as a price per fine troy oz) published on or about 15:00 London time on the immediately 
preceding London Business Day by the LBMA on the Gold Fixings page of the LBMA’s website (or 
any successor page thereto determined by the Programme Swap Counterparty and notified to the 
Issuer, the Swap Counterparty and the CSD Valuation Agent) provided that, if no such price appears 
on the Gold Fixings page of the LBMA’s website (or any successor page thereto) in respect of such 
Scheduled Valuation Day, the Gold Price in respect of such Scheduled Valuation Day shall be 
deemed to be equal to the most recently published price for Gold (expressed in USD as a price per 
fine troy oz) on the Gold Fixings page of the LBMA’s website or the relevant successor page thereto, 
as applicable, provided further that, if the LBMA screen page (or such successor screen page 
thereto) ceases to exist or the LBMA ceases to publish the relevant price for Gold and the 
Programme Swap Counterparty determines that no such successor screen page exists the Gold 
Price for such Scheduled Valuation Day shall be determined by the Swap Counterparty (expressed 
in USD as a price per fine troy oz) in good faith and notified to the Issuer, the Programme Swap 
Counterparty and the CSD Valuation Agent. If the Swap Counterparty does not so determine the 
Gold Price and notify the CSD Valuation Agent thereof within the time required by the CSD Valuation 
Agent for it to make the necessary determinations and calculations under the Credit Support Deed, 
the CSD Valuation Agent shall use the Gold Price last determined in respect of a Scheduled 
Valuation Day for the purposes of the Credit Support Deed. 
(b) 
Valuation Percentage 
Pursuant to the terms of the Credit Support Deed, the valuation percentage (the “Valuation 
Percentage”) in relation to any item of Eligible Collateral will be the percentage specified for such 
Eligible Collateral in the Credit Support Deed as follows:

--- Page 171 ---
171 
Eligible Collateral 
Valuation Percentage (per cent.) 
Gold 
100 
Common stock and preference shares 
83.33 
Global depository receipts and American 
depository receipts 
83.33 
Convertible bonds 
83.33 
Convertible preferred stocks 
83.33 
Government bonds 
100 
Corporate bonds 
86.96 
 
28 Identification of Eligible Collateral 
If in respect of any Scheduled Valuation Day, the CSD Valuation Agent determines that any financial 
instrument does not constitute Eligible Collateral (including any financial instrument(s) which form all or 
part of the Posted Collateral which is not, or ceases to be, Eligible Collateral pursuant to the eligibility 
conditions in Section 1 of this Annex), such financial instrument(s) will not be included in the calculation of 
the Value of the Posted Collateral in respect of such Scheduled Valuation Day. The CSD Valuation Agent 
will immediately notify the Swap Counterparty that the relevant financial instrument(s) does not constitute 
Eligible Collateral in respect of a Scheduled Valuation Day and, provided that no Swap Counterparty Event 
of Default or Swap Counterparty Termination Event has occurred, the Swap Counterparty will be entitled 
under the terms of the Credit Support Deed to demand the return of such financial instruments. 
At any time prior to the security under the Credit Support Deed becoming enforceable, if in respect of any 
Scheduled Valuation Day, the CSD Valuation Agent determines that cash is being held or has been 
received by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Posted Collateral (including, without limitation, any 
cash amount received by the Issuer (or the Custodian on behalf of the Issuer) in connection with the 
payment of interest, a dividend or other distribution in respect of Posted Collateral in the form of Eligible 
Financial Instruments or in connection with the redemption of any Eligible Financial Instrument comprising 
Posted Collateral), such cash amount will not be included in the calculation of the Value of the Posted 
Collateral in respect of such Scheduled Valuation Day. The CSD Valuation Agent will notify the Swap 
Counterparty of any cash amount comprising in the Posted Collateral in respect of a Scheduled Valuation 
Day and provided that no Swap Counterparty Event of Default or Swap Counterparty Termination Event 
has occurred, the Swap Counterparty will be entitled under the terms of the Credit Support Deed to demand 
the payment of such cash amount to it.

--- Page 172 ---
172 
FURTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING CERTAIN TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
The following is a summary of certain provisions of certain Transaction Documents relating to the 
Programme and the ETC Securities and should be read in conjunction with the rest of this Base 
Prospectus. The summaries below are of certain provisions of the Transaction Documents and do not 
purport to be complete and are subject to the detailed provisions of the relevant Transaction Documents. 
Capitalised terms used in the summaries below but not defined therein shall have the meanings given to 
such terms in Conditions. 
Issue Deed 
The Issue Deed relating to a Series of ETC Securities will be dated on or about the Series Issue Date of 
such ETC Securities and will be entered into by the Issuer, the Trustee and the other parties named therein. 
The Issue Deed is entered into for the purpose of constituting and securing the relevant Series of ETC 
Securities and sets out the terms of the Transaction Documents relating to such Series of ETC Securities. 
Under the terms of the Issue Deed relating to a Series of ETC Securities, the execution of the Issue Deed 
will constitute the Trust Deed, the Security Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Custody Agreement, the 
Determination Agent Agreement, the Authorised Participant Agreement, the Swap Agreement and the 
Credit Support Deed for such Series of ETC Securities on the terms set out in the Issue Deed.  
Trust Deed 
Provisions Relating to the Issuer and the Trustee 
The Trust Deed relating to a Series of ETC Securities will be entered into as a deed by the Issuer, the 
Trustee and each other party thereto upon the execution of the Issue Deed. The Issue Deed will incorporate 
and may amend and/or supplement, depending on whether the ETC Securities are Bearer Securities or 
Uncertificated Registered Securities, either the Master Trust Terms for Bearer Securities or the Master 
Trust Terms for Uncertificated Registered Securities. The relevant Trust Deed contains the provisions 
setting out the various obligations of the Issuer and the Trustee with respect to the relevant Series of ETC 
Securities. Each Trust Deed relating to a Series of ETC Securities in bearer form will be governed by and 
construed in accordance with English law. Each Trust Deed relating to a Series of ETC Securities in 
uncertificated dematerialised form will be governed by and construed in accordance with Jersey law. 
The relevant Trust Deed will constitute the ETC Securities of the relevant Series and will set out the 
covenants of the Issuer, including, inter alia, its covenant to pay, provisions relating to its duty to provide 
various persons with information, to prepare and display certain information, only to do such things as are 
contemplated within the relevant Trust Deed (most importantly, in relation to the issue of the ETC 
Securities) and its duties with respect to its obligations under the ETC Securities. 
Each Trust Deed will also set out the basis for the remuneration and indemnification of the Trustee in 
respect of its duties, the conditions for appointment, retirement and removal and contains provisions which 
are supplemental to certain statutory provisions and which set out the powers of the Trustee and the extent 
of its duties. The Trustee in respect of a Series of ETC Securities may resign upon giving not less than 60 
calendar days’ prior written notice to the Issuer, and the Securityholders may by Extraordinary Resolution 
remove any Trustee, provided that the retirement or removal of a sole trust corporation will not be effective 
until a trust corporation is appointed as successor Trustee. If the sole trust corporation in respect of a 
Series of ETC Securities gives notice of retirement or an Extraordinary Resolution is passed for its removal, 
the Issuer will use all reasonable endeavours to procure that another trust corporation is appointed as the 
Trustee for such Series but if it fails to do so before the expiry of such 60 calendar day notice period, the 
Trustee will have the power to appoint a new Trustee.

--- Page 173 ---
173 
Security Deed 
By executing the relevant Issue Deed, the Issuer and the Trustee will be deemed to have entered into an 
English law governed security deed in relation to the relevant Series of ETC Securities on the terms set 
out in the relevant version of the Master Security Terms as amended or supplemented by such Issue Deed. 
The Security in respect of a Series of ETC Securities is constituted pursuant to the Security Deed relating 
to such Series and the Security Deed will set out, inter alia, provisions relating to the creation and 
enforcement of the Security, the appointment of receivers, the rights of the Trustee in relation to Secured 
Property and provisions relating to the application of the net proceeds derived from the realisation of the 
Secured Property (whether by way of liquidation or enforcement). See Condition 6 for a description of the 
terms of the Security. 
Agency Agreement 
By executing the relevant Issue Deed, the Issuer will be deemed to have entered into an English law 
governed agency agreement in relation to the ETC Securities on the terms set out in the relevant version 
of the Master Agency Terms as amended or supplemented by such Issue Deed with each person executing 
the Issue Deed in the capacity of Issuing and Paying Agent, Determination Agent, Trustee, Paying Agent, 
Registrar and Transfer Agent (as applicable). The Agency Agreement sets out the duties and obligations 
of the Issuing and Paying Agent, each other Paying Agent (as applicable) and, if applicable, the Transfer 
Agent and the Registrar in relation to (i) the issue, payment, replacement, cancellation and listing of the 
ETC Securities, (ii) the exchange of Global Securities for Definitive Securities (if applicable), and (iii) the 
basis for the remuneration and indemnification of such agents in respect of their respective duties. The 
Agency Agreement also sets out the terms for the appointment, resignation (by at least 60 calendar days’ 
prior notice to the Issuer, the Trustee and the Issuing and Paying Agent) and termination of the appointment 
of the Issuing and Paying Agent and, as applicable, any Paying Agent, the Registrar and any Transfer 
Agent (by at least 60 calendar days’ prior notice from the Issuer or on the occurrence of certain events, 
such as where such agent becomes incapable of acting, is dissolved, is adjudged bankrupt or insolvent, 
files for bankruptcy, makes a general assignment, arrangement or composition for the benefit of its 
creditors, consents to the appointment of a receiver, administrator or similar official or a resolution is 
passed for its winding up, official management, liquidation or dissolution).  
Custody Agreement 
By executing the relevant Issue Deed, the Issuer, the Trustee, the Programme Swap Counterparty, the 
Determination Agent and the Custodian will be deemed to have entered into an English law governed 
custody agreement in relation to the ETC Securities on the terms set out in the relevant version of the 
Master Custody Terms as amended or supplemented by such Issue Deed. Each Custody Agreement sets 
out the duties of the Custodian in relation to the relevant Series of ETC Securities, including, inter alia: 
(i) 
the obligation to establish and maintain one or more segregated account(s) or sub-account(s) in the 
name of the Issuer referencing the relevant Series of ETC Securities for the deposit of securities, 
commodities, metals and/or any other property to be held on trust for the Issuer in relation to such 
Series of ETC Securities as the Custodian deems appropriate for the relevant property provided; 
(ii) 
to segregate property transferred to it by the Swap Counterparty or keep any property deposited 
pursuant to the relevant Custody Agreement separately identified from that deposited with it in 
relation to any other Series of ETC Securities; and 
(iii) 
to maintain separate cash accounts in the name of the Issuer referencing the relevant Series for 
any and all cash received by it in connection with any property so deposited.

--- Page 174 ---
174 
Each Custody Agreement relating to a Series of ETC Securities provides, inter alia, that the Custodian will 
use all reasonable care in the performance of its duties but it will not be responsible for any loss or damage 
suffered by any party as a result of the Custodian performing its duties under the Custody Agreement 
unless such loss or damage results from the fraud, bad faith, negligence or wilful default of the Custodian. 
None of the Custodian or any Sub-Custodian will have any obligation towards or relationship of agency or 
trust with the holder of any ETC Security. 
Pursuant to the terms of each Custody Agreement, the Custodian waives any right it has to acquire, 
combine, consolidate or merge any of the accounts established and maintained by it in relation to the 
relevant Series of ETC Securities with any other account and agrees that it may not set-off, transfer, 
combine, consolidate or withhold delivery of any property standing to the credit of any such account 
towards any liabilities to it. 
Each Custody Agreement relating to a Series of ETC Securities provides that the Custodian may hold 
property received, delivered or deposited with it in relation to a Series of ETC Securities with any of its 
offices or branches or with any sub-custodian (selected with reasonable skill, care and diligence) provided 
that the Custodian, inter alia: 
(i) 
identifies such property in its books; and 
(ii) 
in the case of Gold, uses reasonable endeavours to procure that any such sub-custodian 
establishes and maintains one or more segregated account(s) or sub-account(s) in the name of the 
Custodian referencing the Issuer and the relevant Series of ETC Securities and the relevant Swap 
Counterparty; acknowledges and agrees that all property deposited with or received by it is to be 
held on trust for the Custodian; maintains full and complete records and separately identifies such 
property in its books and records; acknowledges the security in favour of the Trustee, and agrees 
to act in accordance with the directions of the Issuer upon receipt of notice that the appointment of 
the Custodian has been terminated; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Eligible Financial Instruments, use reasonable endeavours to ensure that any such 
sub-custodian or other account keeper or clearing system will (to the extent permitted by law and/or 
what the Custodian reasonably believes to be local banking practice) identify such property in its 
books as held for the account of the customers of the Custodian and be distinguished on such books 
from the securities of the same type as such Eligible Financial Instruments held on behalf of persons 
other than the Custodian’s customers or the Custodian. 
Each Custody Agreement relating to a Series of ETC Securities will set out the basis for the remuneration 
and indemnification of the Custodian in respect of its duties. The relevant Custody Agreement will set out 
the conditions for appointment, resignation (upon 60 calendar days’ prior notice to the Issuer, the Trustee, 
the Issuing and Paying Agent and any relevant Swap Counterparty) and termination of the appointment of 
the Custodian (by the Issuer upon 60 calendar days’ prior notice or automatically upon the occurrence of 
a Custodian Bankruptcy Event). 
Pursuant to the terms of the Custody Agreement, the Custodian has no duty or obligation to insure any 
property held or received by it for the Issuer against any risk (including the risk of theft, loss, damage, 
destruction or misdelivery). The Custodian will not be liable for any loss, destruction or depreciation in the 
value of any Posted Collateral or Secured Property held or received by it or any income therefrom unless 
such loss, destruction or depreciation is the direct result of the Custodian’s negligence, fraud, bad faith or 
wilful misconduct. The Custodian is not responsible for the acts, omissions, defaults or insolvency of any 
third party including, but not limited to, any Sub-Custodian, clearing system, securities depository, broker, 
counterparty or issuer of any Posted Collateral or Secured Property. The Custodian is only responsible for 
losses suffered by the Issuer as a direct result of its negligence, fraud, bad faith or wilful default in the 
appointment and monitoring of any non-affiliated Sub-Custodian or nominee. Otherwise, the Custodian will

--- Page 175 ---
175 
not be liable for any act or omission, or for the solvency, of any non-affiliated Sub-Custodian or nominee. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Custodian accepts the same level of responsibility as it does for itself 
for companies controlled by it whose business consists solely of acting as a nominee holder of investments 
or other property in respect of any requirements of the rules of the FCA as set out in the FCA Handbook 
as amended, varied or instituted from time to time as from time to time in effect. In the case of any act or 
omission on the part of a Sub-Custodian or its agent relating to Posted Collateral in the form of Gold, which 
the Issuer considers to involve negligence, fraud, bad faith or wilful default on the part of such Sub-
Custodian or agent, the Custodian agrees to assign to the Issuer any rights it may have in respect of such 
act or omission and any Gold comprising the Posted Collateral. In the event that the Issuer obtains legal 
advice that such assignment would be ineffective to enable the Issuer to pursue its claim, then the 
Custodian may, subject to being prefunded, indemnified or secured to its satisfaction, claim and pursue 
the appropriate damages or compensation from the Sub-Custodian or agent on the Issuer’s behalf. 
The Custodian will not be liable in respect of anything done or suffered by it in reliance on any instruction, 
notice, agreement or other document or information from any electronic or other source reasonably 
believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or otherwise given or disseminated by the proper 
parties in each case received by it in connection with the performance of its duties under the Custody 
Agreement. The Custodian is entitled to rely, in the absence of manifest error, upon the accuracy and 
completeness of information supplied to it by any party pursuant to the Custody Agreement and has no 
obligation to enquire as to the adequacy, accuracy or sufficiency of any such information and the Custodian 
will not incur any liability to any person as a result of such reliance. The Custodian has no obligation to 
notify anyone of the execution of the Issue Deed or any other Transaction Document or do anything to find 
out if an Event of Default, or a Potential Event of Default or an Early Redemption Event has occurred or if 
the Security and/or the security created under the Credit Support Deed has become enforceable. Until it 
has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary, the Custodian may assume that no such event 
has occurred and that the Issuer and all other Transaction Parties are performing all their respective 
obligations under the ETC Securities and the other Transaction Documents. The Custodian is not 
responsible for monitoring or supervising the performance by any other person of its obligations to the 
Issuer and may assume these are being so performed unless and until it has actual knowledge to the 
contrary. The Custodian will not be responsible for any errors made by the Issuer, the Trustee, the 
Determination Agent, the Swap Counterparty or any Liquidation Agent or any other Transaction Party or 
any agent thereof in giving instructions or for the negligence, default, fraud, bad faith, wilful default or other 
failure of any of them. 
Determination Agent Agreement 
By executing the relevant Issue Deed, the Issuer will be deemed to have entered into an English law 
governed determination agent agreement in relation to the relevant Series of ETC Securities on the terms 
set out in the relevant version of the Master Determination Agent Terms, as amended or supplemented by 
such Issue Deed with the persons executing the Issue Deed in the capacity of Determination Agent, 
Programme Swap Counterparty, Lead Authorised Participant, Swap Counterparty, Custodian, Trustee and 
Issuing and Paying Agent. The Determination Agent Agreement sets out the respective duties and 
obligations of the Determination Agent and the Programme Swap Counterparty in relation to the relevant 
Series of ETC Securities and the basis for their respective liability, remuneration and indemnification. Each 
Determination Agent Agreement sets out the conditions for appointment, resignation and termination of 
the Determination Agent and the Programme Swap Counterparty.  
The Issuer may at any time vary the appointment of the Determination Agent or terminate the appointment 
of any Determination Agent relating to a Series of ETC Securities on giving the Determination Agent 
(copied to each other Transaction Party (other than the Authorised Participant(s) and the Lead Authorised 
Participant)) not less than 60 calendar days’ prior notice to that effect. Any variation in the appointment of

--- Page 176 ---
176 
the Determination Agent will not be effective unless the Determination Agent has consented to such 
variation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer may, at any time, terminate the appointment of a 
Determination Agent with immediate effect if: (i) the Determination Agent commits any material breach of 
its obligations under the relevant Determination Agent Agreement and, to the extent such breach is capable 
of being remedied, the Determination Agent fails to cure such breach within 15 calendar days of its 
becoming aware of, or its receiving notice from the Issuer, the Trustee or the Programme Swap 
Counterparty of such breach or (ii) the Determination Agent commits any breach of its obligations under 
the relevant Determination Agent Agreement and, to the extent such breach is capable of being remedied, 
the Determination Agent fails to cure such breach within 30 calendar days of its becoming aware of, or its 
receiving notice from the Issuer, the Trustee or the Programme Swap Counterparty of such breach. 
Under the Determination Agent Agreement the Issuer will authorise the Programme Swap Counterparty in 
its capacity as the Issuer’s agent to exercise the rights of the Issuer to terminate the appointment of the 
Determination Agent in respect of the relevant Series of ETC Securities pursuant to the preceding 
paragraph, provided that the Programme Swap Counterparty can only exercise such rights on behalf of 
the Issuer where the Programme Swap Counterparty (i) reasonably determines that the Determination 
Agent is not performing its duties and obligations under the Relevant Provisions on the terms expressly 
provided therein, (ii) has reasonable cause to believe that the Determination Agent will not perform or will 
not be able to perform its duties and obligations under the Relevant Provisions on the terms expressly 
provided therein; and/or (iii) the Determination Agent indicates that it has not been or will not be able to 
perform its duties and obligations under the Relevant Provisions on the terms expressly provided therein. 
The Programme Swap Counterparty will not be liable to the Issuer, the Securityholders, any Transaction 
Party or any other person for any calculations, determinations (or any delay in making any calculation or 
determination), actions or omissions made by the Programme Swap Counterparty in connection with the 
performance of the duties and obligations of the Determination Agent pursuant to Condition 12(d)(ii) unless 
fraudulent or made in bad faith. 
The Determination Agent in respect of a Series of ETC Securities (i) may resign its appointment at any 
time without giving any reason by giving the Issuer and the Transaction Parties at least 60 calendar days’ 
prior notice to that effect and (ii) will be deemed to have given a notice of resignation on the 30th calendar 
day after the date of any Posted Collateral Substitution Notice copied to it in connection with which Posted 
Collateral in the form of Gold is to be substituted for Posted Collateral in the form of Eligible Financial 
Instruments, unless the Determination Agent expressly confirms in writing that it wishes to continue with 
its appointment under the relevant Determination Agent Agreement and such resignation will be effective 
on the 60th calendar day after the date on which such notice of resignation was deemed to have been 
given. 
Without prejudice to the automatic termination of a Determination Agent in connection with a Determination 
Agent Bankruptcy Event or the termination of the appointment of the Determination Agent at the end of the 
60 calendar day notice period pursuant to the circumstances described in (ii) of the preceding paragraph, 
no resignation or termination of the appointment of a Determination Agent will take effect until a 
replacement Determination Agent (which will be a reputable entity that provides administration and/or 
collateral management services of a similar type to those required of the Determination Agent under the 
relevant Determination Agent Agreement or a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the 
interbank market, or, if appropriate, money, swap, commodity or over-the-counter commodity futures and 
options or index options market) has been appointed; provided that if the Issuer fails within a period of 45 
calendar days of notice of resignation given pursuant to paragraph (i) of the preceding paragraph to appoint 
a successor to such Determination Agent, the resigning Determination Agent will be entitled to select such 
an entity and provided such entity is acceptable to the Issuer and the Trustee the Issuer will appoint such 
entity as successor Determination Agent.

--- Page 177 ---
177 
The appointment of a Determination Agent will terminate forthwith if a Determination Agent Bankruptcy 
Event occurs with respect to such Determination Agent.  
The Programme Swap Counterparty in respect of a Series of ETC Securities may resign its appointment 
at any time without giving any reason by giving the Issuer and the Transaction Parties at least 60 calendar 
days’ prior notice to that effect. Any such resignation of the Programme Swap Counterparty will not take 
effect until a replacement Programme Swap Counterparty (which is required to be a leading bank or 
investment banking firm engaged in the interbank market, or, if appropriate, money, swap, commodity or 
over-the-counter commodity futures and options or index options market) has been appointed; provided 
that if the Issuer fails within a period of 30 calendar days from the date of the relevant notice of resignation 
by the Programme Swap Counterparty to appoint a successor to such Programme Swap Counterparty, 
the Programme Swap Counterparty is entitled to select a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged 
in the interbank market, or, if appropriate, money, swap, commodity or over-the-counter commodity futures 
and options or index options market acceptable to the Issuer and the Trustee to act as successor 
Programme Swap Counterparty and the Issuer will appoint that bank or firm as the successor Programme 
Swap Counterparty.  
The Programme Swap Counterparty will have no duties or responsibilities except those expressly set forth 
in the relevant Determination Agent Agreement, the Conditions and any Transaction Document to which it 
is a party and no implied or inferred duties or obligations of any kind will be read into the relevant 
Determination Agent Agreement against or on the part of the Programme Swap Counterparty. The 
Programme Swap Counterparty will not, and will not be deemed to, assume or be liable for the obligations 
or duties of the Issuer or any other person under the Conditions, the Trust Deed or any other Transaction 
Document. 
The Programme Swap Counterparty will not incur any liability to any person in acting upon any ETC 
Security, signature, or other document or information from any electronic or other source reasonably 
believed by it to be genuine and believed by it to have been signed or otherwise given or disseminated by 
the proper party or parties, in each case received by it in connection with the performance of its duties 
under the relevant Determination Agent Agreement. 
The Programme Swap Counterparty has no obligation to notify anyone of the execution of the Issue Deed 
or any other Transaction Document or do anything to find out if an Event of Default, or a Potential Event 
of Default or an Early Redemption Event (or any event which with the passing of time or the giving of a 
notice would constitute an Early Redemption Event) has occurred or if the Security and/or the security 
created under the Credit Support Deed has become enforceable. Until it has actual knowledge or express 
notice to the contrary, the Programme Swap Counterparty may assume that no such event has occurred 
and that the Issuer and all other Transaction Parties are performing all their respective obligations under 
the ETC Securities and the other Transaction Documents. The Programme Swap Counterparty is not 
responsible for monitoring or supervising the performance by any other person of its obligations to the 
Issuer and may assume these are being so performed unless and until it has actual knowledge to the 
contrary. The Programme Swap Counterparty will not be responsible for any errors made by the Issuer, 
the Trustee, the Determination Agent, the Swap Counterparty or any Liquidation Agent or any other 
Transaction Party or any agent thereof in giving instructions or for the negligence, default, fraud, bad faith, 
wilful default or other failure of any of them. 
The Programme Swap Counterparty is not bound to make any investigation into the facts or matters stated 
in any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, consent, entitlement 
order, approval or other paper or document received by it from the Issuer or any other Transaction Party. 
The Programme Swap Counterparty will have no responsibility or liability for any Loss resulting from its 
being unable to perform any functions or obligations under the relevant Determination Agent Agreement if 
the same results from any law, regulation or requirement (whether or not having the force of law) of any

--- Page 178 ---
178 
central bank or governmental or other regulatory authority affecting it. Nothing in the relevant Determination 
Agent Agreement or in any other Transaction Document will require the Programme Swap Counterparty 
to take any action or refrain from taking any action if the same would be contrary to any applicable law, 
regulation or requirement of any central bank or government or other regulatory authority affecting it.  
Authorised Participant Agreement 
By executing the relevant Issue Deed, the Issuer will be deemed to have entered into an English law 
governed authorised participant agreement in relation to the ETC Securities on the terms set out in the 
relevant version of the Master Authorised Participant Terms, as amended or supplemented by such Issue 
Deed with each person executing the Issue Deed in the capacity of Trustee, Issuing and Paying Agent, 
Swap Counterparty, Programme Swap Counterparty, Determination Agent, Lead Authorised Participant 
and Authorised Participant. The Authorised Participant Agreement sets out the provisions relating to the 
subscription by Authorised Participants of ETC Securities of the relevant Series and purchase of ETC 
Securities of such Series by the Issuer. The Authorised Participant Agreement also sets out the terms on 
which an Authorised Participant may offer, sell or deliver ETC Securities and contains certain 
representations, warranties and undertakings of the Authorised Participant in relation thereto. The 
Authorised Participant Agreement sets out the conditions for appointment, resignation (by at least 60 
calendar days’ prior notice to the Issuer and each other Transaction Party) and termination (by the Issuer 
with immediate effect if an Authorised Participant Bankruptcy Event occurs and in any other circumstance 
by at least 30 calendar days’ prior notice, unless there are more than one Authorised Participants, in which 
case the Issuer may terminate the appointment of any Authorised Participant other than the Lead 
Authorised Participant with immediate effect for a material breach of its obligations which to the extent 
such breach is capable of being remedied is not remedied within 15 calendar days of the relevant 
Authorised Participant becoming aware of, or its receiving notice from the Issuer, the Determination Agent, 
the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee or the Lead Authorised Participant of such breach or if the Issuer 
determines, in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, that the conduct of such Authorised 
Participant is detrimental to the reputation or development potential of the business of the Issuer or any 
other Transaction Party or the relationships of those entities with third parties). The Authorised Participant 
Agreement includes an indemnity from the Issuer relating to the representations and warranties given by 
the Issuer in such agreement.  
Swap Agreements, Credit Support Deeds and Swap Transactions 
General 
By executing the relevant Issue Deed, the Issuer shall be deemed to have entered into a separate English 
law governed swap agreement and related credit support deed relating to the Series of ETC Securities 
specified in such Issue Deed, with the other party being the person executing such Issue Deed in the 
capacity of swap counterparty. As at the date of the Base Prospectus, the Swap Counterparty in respect 
of the Swap Agreement and the Credit Support Deed relating to a Series of ETC Securities is Deutsche 
Bank AG. 
On the Series Issue Date, the Issuer will enter into the relevant Swap Transaction with the Swap 
Counterparty. In connection with each Tranche of ETC Securities of a Series issued after the Series Issue 
Date, the Issuer will, subject to the consent of the Swap Counterparty, increase the economic exposure 
under the relevant Swap Transaction by a pro rata amount. 
The Swap Agreement will comprise an agreement in the form of the 2002 ISDA Master Agreement as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. together with a Schedule thereto 
on the terms set out in the relevant version of the Master Swap and Credit Support Terms (as amended 
and/or supplemented by the relevant Issue Deed), together with a confirmation entered into thereunder,

--- Page 179 ---
179 
which evidences the relevant Swap Transaction and as such Swap Agreement may be amended, 
supplemented, novated or replaced from time to time. 
Set out below are summaries of certain provisions of the Swap Agreement and the Credit Support Deed. 
Such summaries are qualified in their entirety by the terms of the Swap Agreement and the Credit Support 
Deed. 
Payments 
The Swap Agreement sets out certain payments from the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty and vice versa. 
The obligations of the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement relating to a Series 
of ETC Securities have characteristics that demonstrate capacity to produce funds to service any payments 
due and payable on the ETC Securities.  
Issuer Payments 
The Swap Transaction relating to a Series of ETC Securities will be fully funded. This means that the Issuer 
makes an upfront payment to the Swap Counterparty. The Issuer’s payments under the Swap Transaction 
relating to a Series of ETC Securities will be funded using the proceeds from the issues of the relevant 
ETC Securities. 
On each occasion on which an additional Tranche of ETC Securities is issued, upon receipt by the Issuer 
of the related subscription proceeds and payment thereof by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty, the 
economic exposure under the Swap Transaction will be increased by a pro rata amount upon receipt of 
such payment. 
Swap Counterparty Payments 
Under the Swap Transaction, an amount is payable by the Swap Counterparty on each occasion on which 
the Swap Transaction or the Swap Agreement is terminated. The Issuer will fund payments under the ETC 
Securities from payments it receives under the Swap Agreement and its ability to meet payments under 
the ETC Securities is entirely dependent on its receipt of such payments from the Swap Counterparty. 
In connection with the purchase of ETC Securities of a Series by the Issuer, the Swap Transaction relating 
to such Series of ETC Securities will be terminated by a pro rata amount and an amount will be payable 
by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer equal to (i) the Value per ETC Security for the immediately 
preceding Fee Calculation Reset Day, multiplied by the Closing Index Level as at the relevant Buy-Back 
Trade Date divided by the Closing Index Level as at the immediately preceding Fee Calculation Reset Day, 
and with the Accrued Fee being deducted from the result, multiplied by (ii) the number of ETC Securities 
being purchased by the Issuer, less (iii) any applicable Swap Unwind Costs. 
On termination of the Swap Transaction in whole at the end of its scheduled term, an amount will be 
payable by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer equal to (i) the Value per ETC Security for the immediately 
preceding Fee Calculation Reset Day, multiplied by (ii) the Average Redemption Closing Index Level 
divided by the Closing Index Level on the Fee Calculation Reset Day immediately preceding the Final 
Redemption Valuation Date, and with the Accrued Fee being deducted from the result, multiplied by (iii) 
the number of ETC Securities outstanding as at such date (determined on an outstanding (actual) basis). 
If a Swap Early Termination Date is designated under the Swap Agreement relating to a Series of ETC 
Securities for any reason, an amount will be payable by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer equal to (i) 
the Value per ETC Security for the immediately preceding Fee Calculation Reset Day, multiplied by the 
Average Redemption Closing Index Level divided by the Closing Index Level on the Fee Calculation Reset 
Date immediately preceding the Early Redemption Valuation Date, and with the Accrued Fee being 
deducted from the result, multiplied by (ii) the number of ETC Securities outstanding as at the relevant 
Early Redemption Valuation Date (determined on an outstanding (actual) basis).

--- Page 180 ---
180 
See Condition 8(d)(iv) for a description of the circumstances in which the Swap Agreement may be 
terminated or terminate automatically 
Payment to the Issuer under any Swap Agreement will be made to such account as the Issuer may direct 
from time to time. 
Tax 
All payments under the Swap Agreement will be made subject to any withholding or deduction for, or on 
account of, any tax. In the event of any such withholding or deduction relating to an amount payable to the 
Issuer, the amount received by the Issuer under the Swap Agreement will be reduced. 
Disruption Events 
Under the terms of the Swap Agreement, the Swap Counterparty may, on any Scheduled Valuation Day 
(but is not obliged to), determine that a Disruption Event has occurred and/or exists and give notice to the 
Issuer, the Swap Calculation Agent and the other relevant Transaction Parties of its determination. If the 
Swap Counterparty delivers a Disruption Event Notice the Swap Calculation Agent will determine the 
Closing Index Level in respect of the relevant Scheduled Valuation Day affected by the Disruption Event 
as further described in Condition 9(b). 
Index 
The Index to which a Series of ETC Securities and the related Swap Transaction relates will be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms and the confirmation relating to the Swap Transaction. If the relevant Index is 
(i) not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor but is calculated and announced by a successor 
sponsor acceptable to the Swap Calculation Agent or (ii) replaced by a successor index using, in the 
determination of the Swap Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for and method 
of calculation as used in the calculation of the Index, then such successor index or index calculated and 
announced by the successor sponsor shall be deemed to be the Index for the purposes of the Swap 
Transaction and, pursuant to Condition 10, the relevant Series of ETC Securities. 
Term of Swap Transactions 
The term of the Swap Transaction relating to a Series of ETC Securities will be as agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Swap Counterparty but may not be less than one year. See Condition 11(c) for a 
description of the terms of the Swap Agreement relating to the extension of the term, or termination, of the 
Swap Transaction relating to a Series of ETC Securities. 
Adjustment Events 
Under the terms of the Swap Agreement, the Swap Counterparty may on any Scheduled Valuation Day 
(but is not obliged to), determine that an Adjustment Event has occurred and/or exists and give notice to 
the Issuer, the Swap Calculation Agent and the other relevant Transaction Parties of its determination. If 
the Swap Counterparty delivers an Adjustment Event Notice to the Issuer and the Swap Calculation Agent 
in respect of any Scheduled Valuation Day, the Swap Calculation Agent will, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, determine in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner (i) whether in its opinion it 
is appropriate to make one or more adjustments to any of the terms of the Swap Agreement and any of 
the terms of the Conditions of the ETC Securities to account for the economic effect on the Swap 
Transaction and the ETC Securities of the relevant Adjustment Event and (ii) the nature and effective date 
of such adjustment(s). 
Credit Support Deed 
By executing the relevant Issue Deed, the Issuer will be deemed to have entered into a separate English 
law governed credit support deed relating to the relevant Swap Agreement and Series of ETC Securities 
specified in such Issue Deed, with the other party being the person executing such Issue Deed in the 
capacity of Swap Counterparty.

--- Page 181 ---
181 
The Credit Support Deed relating to the Swap Agreement and a Series of ETC Securities is an English law 
security document under which the Swap Counterparty will be required, from time to time, to transfer to 
the Issuer Eligible Collateral in the form of Gold or Eligible Financial Instruments. Any Gold transferred to 
the Issuer under the Credit Support Deed relating to a Series of ETC Securities will comprise of whole 
allocated bars of Gold only.  
Under the terms of the Credit Support Deed, the CSD Valuation Agent (as defined in Annex 2 to the 
Conditions) will determine the Value (as defined in Annex 2 to the Conditions) of the Posted Collateral. If 
the Value of the Posted Collateral in respect of a Scheduled Valuation Day during the period from and 
including the Series Issue Date of the relevant Series of ETC Securities to (and including) the earlier to 
occur of the Early Redemption Valuation Date or the Final Redemption Valuation Date is less than the 
Base Currency Equivalent of the amount determined by the CSD Valuation Agent as being equal to the 
product of (i) the Value per ETC Security in respect of the immediately preceding Scheduled Valuation Day 
and (ii) the number of ETC Securities outstanding (determined on an outstanding (adjusted) basis) as at 
the close of business on the immediately preceding Scheduled Valuation Day, then the Issuer may make 
a demand for additional Eligible Collateral to be transferred to the Issuer with a value not less than the 
shortfall. The Swap Counterparty will transfer Eligible Collateral rounded up to the nearest whole unit (e.g. 
in the case of Gold, rounded up to the nearest allocated bar). 
If the Value of the Posted Collateral in respect of a Scheduled Valuation Day during the period from and 
including the Series Issue Date of the relevant Series of ETC Securities to (and including) the earlier to 
occur of the Early Redemption Valuation Date or the Final Redemption Valuation Date is greater than the 
Base Currency Equivalent of the amount determined by the CSD Valuation Agent as being equal to the 
product of (i) the Value per ETC Security in respect of the immediately preceding Scheduled Valuation Day 
and (ii) the number of ETC Securities outstanding (determined on an outstanding (adjusted) basis) as at 
the close of business on the immediately preceding Scheduled Valuation Day, provided that such excess 
is greater than the minimum transfer amount specified with respect to the Issuer in the relevant Credit 
Support Deed, the Swap Counterparty may make a demand for the return of Posted Collateral with a Value 
as at the date of transfer equal to all or part of the excess. 
If the Posted Collateral comprises Eligible Financial Instruments, any financial instrument which on any 
Scheduled Valuation Day does not constitute Eligible Collateral (including all or part of the Posted 
Collateral which is not, or ceases to be, Eligible Collateral pursuant to the eligibility conditions described in 
Annex 2 to the Conditions) will not be included in the calculation of the Value of the Posted Collateral in 
respect of such Scheduled Valuation Day. The CSD Valuation Agent will immediately notify the Swap 
Counterparty that the relevant financial instrument(s) do not constitute Eligible Collateral in respect of a 
Scheduled Valuation Day, and provided that no (i) Swap Counterparty Event of Default, (ii) event which, 
with the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both, would constitute a Swap Counterparty Event of Default 
or (iii) Swap Counterparty Termination Event has occurred, the Swap Counterparty will be entitled under 
the terms of the Credit Support Deed to demand the return of such financial instruments. 
Any cash amount comprising Posted Collateral (including, without limitation, any cash amount received by 
the Issuer (or the Custodian on behalf of the Issuer) in connection with the payment of interest, a dividend 
or other distribution in respect of Gold or an Eligible Financial Instrument or in connection with the 
redemption, sale of other disposal of Gold or an Eligible Financial Instrument) on any Scheduled Valuation 
Day will not be included in the calculation of the Value of the Posted Collateral in respect of such Scheduled 
Valuation Day. The CSD Valuation Agent will immediately notify the Swap Counterparty of any cash 
amount comprising the Posted Collateral in respect of a Scheduled Valuation Day, and provided that no 
(i) Swap Counterparty Event of Default, (ii) event which, with the giving of notice or the lapse of time or 
both, would constitute a Swap Counterparty Event of Default or (iii) Swap Counterparty Termination Event 
has occurred, the Swap Counterparty will be entitled under the terms of the Credit Support Deed to demand 
the payment of such cash amount to it.

--- Page 182 ---
182 
Under the terms of a Credit Support Deed, all transfers of Gold required to be transferred pursuant to such 
Credit Support Deed will be made on a two-Scheduled Valuation Day settlement basis unless otherwise 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Swap Counterparty. 
Under the terms of a Credit Support Deed, all transfers of securities required to be transferred pursuant to 
such Credit Support Deed will be made on a settlement basis reflecting customary practice when settling 
through the clearance system agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Swap Counterparty for delivery 
of such securities or, otherwise, on the market in which such securities are principally traded unless 
otherwise agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Swap Counterparty. 
Under the terms of a Credit Support Deed, the Swap Counterparty mortgages, charges and pledges in 
favour of the Issuer all Posted Collateral as security for the obligations of the Swap Counterparty under 
the Swap Agreement to which the Credit Support Deed relates. If the related Swap Agreement is 
terminated and the relevant Swap Counterparty fails to pay the requisite termination amount in whole or in 
part and the security granted in favour of the Issuer under the Credit Support Deed becomes enforceable, 
then the Issuer will be entitled to enforce the security under the Credit Support Deed and sell all or part of 
the Posted Collateral in order to use the proceeds to satisfy the obligation of the relevant Swap 
Counterparty to pay to the Issuer the relevant termination amount under the relevant Swap Agreement. 
Posted Collateral transferred to the Issuer will be held with the Custodian under the terms of the relevant 
Custody Agreement. Prior to the enforcement of the security created pursuant to the Credit Support Deed, 
the Posted Collateral is the property of the Swap Counterparty and the Issuer will have no right to sell or 
use it. 
On 25 January 2019, the Issuer, the Swap Counterparty and the Trustee executed a supplemental deed 
to the Credit Support Deed and Swap Agreement relating to each Series of ETC Securities then 
outstanding under which the Swap Counterparty granted further security in favour of the Issuer in respect 
of the Posted Collateral.

--- Page 183 ---
183 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
The ETC Securities are designed to provide investors with exposure to a commodity Index. They enable 
investors to gain such exposure without having to take physical delivery of a commodity or having to trade 
commodity derivatives. 
The net proceeds from the issue of ETC Securities of a Series of ETC Securities will be used to enter into 
a Swap Transaction (or increase the economic exposure under such Swap Transaction) under the Swap 
Agreement relating to such Series of ETC Securities, and to pay fees and expenses in connection with the 
administration of the Issuer and/or the issue of such ETC Securities.

--- Page 184 ---
184 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER  
General 
The Issuer was registered and incorporated in Jersey as a public limited liability company on 6 August 
2009 under the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991, registration number 103783 under the name DB ETC Index 
plc. The legal Entity Identifier (“LEI”) of the Issuer is 549300HJKS7D7T8SUK33. 
The Issuer has been incorporated for an indefinite period. The Registered Office of the Issuer is at 4th 
Floor, St Paul’s Gate, 22-24 New Street, St. Helier, Jersey JE1 4TR, Channel Islands. The telephone 
number of the Issuer is +44(0) 1534 504 799. The authorised share capital of the Issuer is £10,000 divided 
into 10,000 ordinary shares of £1.00 each. All of the issued ordinary shares of the Issuer are held by Vistra 
Nominees I Limited and Vistra Nominees II Limited for and on behalf of Vistra Corporate Services as 
trustee of the DB ETC Index Charitable Trust. The DB ETC Index Charitable Trust was established 
pursuant to a declaration of trust established by Intertrust Corporate Trustee (Jersey) Limited (the “Initial 
Trustee”) on 4 August 2009 for charitable purposes and amended pursuant to an instrument of retirement 
and appointment of trustees dated 13 July 2018 made between the Initial Trustee and Vistra Corporate 
Services Limited. The principal office of Vistra Corporate Services Limited is 4th Floor, St Paul’s Gate, 22-
24 New Street, St Helier, Jersey JE1 4TR, Channel Islands. 
The above amounts of ordinary share capital are stated as at the date of this Base Prospectus. The Issuer 
has not conducted any business since its date of incorporation and registration to the date hereof except 
as contemplated by this Base Prospectus and the Transaction Documents and except for receiving the 
ordinary capital subscriptions referenced above. 
The Issuer has been established as a special purpose vehicle for the purpose of issuing asset backed 
securities. The object of the Issuer is the issuance of one or more financial instruments and entry into 
certain other agreements and transactions in connection with such activity. In connection with and ancillary 
to this object, the Issuer may enter into any derivative transactions; incur any and all form of indebtedness 
from any party whatsoever whether contingent or actual in any currency whatsoever and for any duration; 
grant security in respect of all or part of any of its assets, in any form whatsoever; enter into and/or carry 
out any and all transactions carried out in the international capital markets or arising out of any euro-
medium term note programme or euro commercial paper programme; issue, redeem and/or buy-back 
financial instruments; take delivery of and hold any property, securities, commodities or any other assets 
as security for the obligations of any party owed to the Issuer in connection with the financial instruments 
and/or any agreement or transaction entered into by the Issuer with such parties in relation to any financial 
instrument and transfer, sell or otherwise dispose of any property, securities, commodities or any other 
assets held by the Issuer in connection with the financial instruments and/or any agreements or 
transactions entered into by the Issuer with such parties in relation to any financial instrument in 
accordance with the terms thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer will have unrestricted 
corporate capacity and nothing described above will restrict the authority of the directors.  
The Issuer does not have any subsidiary undertakings. 
No person other than the Issuer will be obliged to make payments on the ETC Securities and the ETC 
Securities will not be guaranteed by, or be the responsibility of, any other entity. In particular, the ETC 
Securities (i) do not represent an interest in and will not be obligations of, or insured or guaranteed by, the 
Arranger, any Transaction Party or any subsidiary, holding company or any company associated with any 
of them, (ii) will not have the status of a bank deposit and will not be within the scope of any deposit 
protection scheme and (iii) are not insured or guaranteed by any government, government agency or other 
body. 
In accordance with Article 41.6(c) of Directive 2006/43/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council 
and any relevant implementing measures of Jersey, the Issuer does not consider it appropriate to have

--- Page 185 ---
185 
either an audit committee or an administrative or supervisory body entrusted to carry out the functions of 
an audit committee. This is because the Issuer’s principal business consists of the issue of ETC Securities 
and the holding of Secured Property and Posted Collateral in connection with Series of ETC Securities 
and the application of amounts received from or in connection with the Secured Property towards making 
payments in respect of the relevant ETC Securities and paying certain fees, expenses and other related 
amounts and as such, the Issuer is not conducting an operating business. 
Capitalisation 
The following table sets out the capitalisation of the Issuer as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
£
Shareholders’ Funds: 
Share capital (Authorised £10,000; Issued two ordinary shares of £1.00 each) 
2
Indebtedness: 
The Indebtedness of the Issuer as at the date of this Base Prospectus is 
0
Total 
2
 
There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer since 31 
December 2020. The Issuer has no borrowings or indebtedness in the nature of borrowings (including loan 
capital issued or created but unissued), term loans, liabilities under acceptances or acceptance credits, 
mortgages, charges or guarantees or other contingent liabilities. 
Directors and Company Secretary 
The Directors of the Issuer are as follows: 
Name 
Principal Occupation 
Business Address 
Marc Harris 
Company Director 
4th Floor, St Paul’s Gate, 22-24 
New Street, St Helier, Jersey JE1 
4TR, Channel Islands 
Visdirect Services Limited 
Company Director 
4th Floor, St Paul’s Gate, 22-24 
New Street, St Helier, Jersey JE1 
4TR, Channel Islands 
Viscom Services Limited 
Company Director 
4th Floor, St Paul’s Gate, 22-24 
New Street, St Helier, Jersey JE1 
4TR, Channel Islands 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the directors of Viscom Services Limited are Timothy Harry 
Hutchins, Clive Wright, Marc Harris, Gayle Swanson and Smoden Chimbalu and the directors of Visdirect 
Services Limited are Simon Owen Morgan, Timothy Harry Hutchins, Peter Howard Gaskell, Karin Louise 
Lynch, Gemma Louise Voisin, Paul Anthony Nash, Paul Antony Le Marquand, Sharon Jennifer Bisson, 
Karen Hassett, Marc Harris, Gayle Swanson and Smoden Chimbalu. 
In addition to acting as a director of Visdirect Services Limited and/or Viscom Services Limited, each of 
Clive Wright, Marc Harris, Smoden Chimbalu and Gayle Swanson are also directors of Vistra Fund 
Services Limited (which is not a director of the Issuer). The business address of each Simon Owen Morgan, 
Timothy Harry Hutchins, Peter Howard Gaskell, Karin Louise Lynch, Gemma Louise Voisin, Paul Anthony 
Nash, Paul Antony Le Marquand, Sharon Jennifer Bisson, Karen Hassett, Clive Wright, Marc Harris, Gayle

--- Page 186 ---
186 
Swanson and Smoden Chimbalu is 4th Floor, St Paul’s Gate, 22-24 New Street, St. Helier, Jersey JE1 
4TR, Channel Islands. 
Vistra Fund Services Limited of 4th Floor, St Paul’s Gate, 22-24 New Street, St. Helier, Jersey JE1 4TR, 
Channel Islands is the administrator of the Issuer. Its duties include the provision of certain management, 
administrative, accounting and related services. The appointment of the administrator may be terminated 
and the administrator may retire upon three months’ notice subject to the appointment of an alternative 
administrator on similar terms to the existing administrator. 
Vistra Secretaries Limited of 4th Floor, St Paul's Gate, 22-24 New Street, St Helier, Jersey, JE1 4TR, 
Channel Islands is the company secretary of the Issuer. It is an affiliate company of the administrator to 
which the administrator has delegated all duties which involve the provision of secretarial services. 
Marc Harris is an employee of an affiliate company of the administrator and Visdirect Services Limited and 
Viscom Services Limited are affiliates of the administrator. 
Other than as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there are no potential conflicts of interest between any 
duties owed to the Issuer by the Directors of the Issuer and such Directors' private interests or other duties.  
Financial Statements 
The Issuer has prepared audited financial statements for the periods from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 
2019 and from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020. Such financial statements are incorporated by 
reference into and shall form part of this Base Prospectus. The Issuer will publish half-yearly and yearly 
financial statements for each financial year in respect of the period ending on 31 December in the relevant 
year.  
The auditors of the Issuer are KPMG Channel Islands Limited, PO Box 453, St. Helier, Jersey JE4 8WQ, 
Channel Islands. The auditors of the Issuer are chartered accountants who are members of the Institute 
of Chartered Accountants of England and Wales and are qualified to practise as auditors in Jersey. 
The Issuer agrees in the relevant Trust Deed to provide the Trustee with a certificate of the Issuer signed 
by any Director, upon request on an annual basis, to the effect that having made all reasonable enquiries, 
to the best of the knowledge, information and belief of the Issuer as at a date (the “Certification Date”) 
not more than five days before the date of the certificate, no Event of Default or Potential Event of Default 
had occurred since the Certification Date of the last such certificate or (if none) the date of the relevant 
Issue Deed or, if such event had occurred, giving details of it. 
Issuer taxation 
The Income Tax (Jersey) Law 1961, as amended (the “Law”) provides that the general basic rate of income 
tax on the profits of companies regarded as resident in Jersey or having a permanent establishment in 
Jersey, will be zero per cent. (“zero tax rating”) and that: 
(i) 
only a limited number of financial services companies (as defined below) shall be subject to income 
tax at a rate of 10 per cent.;  
(ii) 
qualifying large corporate retailers (as defined in the Law) shall be subject to income tax at a rate 
of up to 20 per cent. (to be determined in accordance with Article 123L of the Law); and  
(iii) 
only utility companies (as defined in the Law), companies involved in the importation or distribution 
of hydrocarbon oil and Jersey Property Profits (as defined below) shall be subject to income tax at 
a rate of twenty per cent.  
A “financial services company” is a company described in any of the following sub-paragraphs, namely 
one which:

--- Page 187 ---
187 
(a) 
is registered under the Financial Services (Jersey) Law 1998 (the “1998 Law”) to carry out: 
(i) 
investment business;  
(ii) 
trust company business;  
(iii) 
fund services business, as an administrator custodian or registrar in relation to an 
unclassified fund or an unregulated fund; or 
(iv) 
general insurance mediation business as described in either class P or class Q in Part 3 of 
the Schedule of the Financial Services (Financial Service Business) (Jersey) Order 2009; 
(b) 
is registered under the Banking Business (Jersey) Law 1991, other than a company registered for 
business continuity under that Law, pursuant to Article 9A of the Banking Business (General 
Provisions) (Jersey) Order 2002;  
(c) 
holds a permit under the Collective Investment Funds (Jersey) Law 1988 by virtue of being a 
functionary who is an administrator, registrar or custodian mentioned in Part 2 of the Schedule to 
that Law. 
(d) 
holds either a Category A or Category B permit under the Insurance Business (Jersey) Law 1996; 
or  
(e) 
is a company trading in the provision of credit facilities to customers by way of making any advance 
or granting any credit including (but not limited to): 
(i) 
the provision, in connection with the supply of gods by hire purchase, leasing, condition sale or 
credit sale, of credit in instalments for which a separate charge is made and disclosed to the 
customer; and 
(ii) 
any assignment to the company of an advance or credit repayable by the customer to a person 
other than the company.  
“Jersey Property Profits” means: 
(f) 
the annual profits or gains arising in respect of any rents or receipts as follows, that is to say – 
(i) 
rents under leases of land in Jersey, 
(ii) 
rents, and 
(iii) 
other receipts arising to the owner of land in Jersey from, or by virtue of, the owner’s 
ownership of that land including any receipts arising from a licence to occupy land; 
(g) 
the annual profits or gains arising or accruing from the trade, carried on in Jersey, of the disposal, 
on a commercial basis, of land or any building or structure, or any part thereof, which is situated in 
Jersey; and 
(h) 
the annual profits or gains arising or accruing from the trade of the exploitation of land in Jersey by 
the exploration, excavation, excision, extrication, extirpation, exsiccation, expropriation or extraction 
or recovery of stone, minerals and other inorganic solid materials. 
For so long as the Issuer holds a “zero tax rating”, no withholding in respect of Jersey taxation will be 
required on payments to any holder of the ETC Securities. 
Goods and Services Tax (“GST”) 
Pursuant to the Goods and Services Tax (Jersey) Law 2007 (the “2007 Law”), tax at a rate which is, as at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, 5 per cent. applies to the supply of retail goods and services unless the 
relevant supplier or recipient of such goods and services is registered as an “international services entity”.

--- Page 188 ---
188 
The Issuer is an “international services entity” within the meaning of the 2007 Law, having satisfied the 
requirements of the Goods and Services Tax (International Services Entities) (Jersey) Regulations 2008, 
as amended (the “ISE Regulations”) and, as long as it continues to be such an entity, a supply of goods 
or of a service made by or to the Issuer shall not be a taxable supply for the purposes of the 2007 Law. 
Data Protection 
The Issuer has published a notice to Securityholders regarding the collection, recording, adaptation, 
transfer and other processing and use of personal data by and on behalf of the Company (the “Privacy 
Notice”), in accordance with Data Protection (Jersey) Law 2018. Such Privacy Notice sets out the types 
of personal data that may be processed, to whom such personal data may relate and how it may be 
sourced, and the relevant parties who may process or receive such personal data and for what purposes, 
and otherwise explains certain policies and practices that have been put in place to ensure the privacy of 
such personal data.  
The Privacy Notice further describes the rights of Securityholders to request (i) the access to their personal 
data, (ii) the rectification and (iii) the erasure of their personal data, (iv) the restriction to the processing of 
their personal data, and (v) the transfer of their personal data to third parties, as well as the right of 
Securityholders to lodge a complaint in terms of data protection related issues with the relevant supervisory 
authority, the right to withdraw their consent on the processing of personal data and the right to object the 
processing of their personal data. 
Details of the up-to-date Privacy Notice are available under “Additional Information” on www.etc.dws.com.

--- Page 189 ---
189 
INFORMATION CONCERNING THE LEAD AUTHORISED PARTICIPANT, THE CUSTODIAN 
AND THE PROGRAMME SWAP COUNTERPARTY 
The information in this section has been accurately reproduced from information published by Deutsche 
Bank (as defined below) and has been included to provide disclosure for where Deutsche Bank AG acts 
as the Lead Authorised Participant, the Custodian or the Programme Swap Counterparty and Swap 
Counterparty. So far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by Deutsche 
Bank no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information misleading. 
Incorporation, Registered Office and Objectives 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft (“Deutsche Bank” or the “Bank”) originated from the reunification of 
Norddeutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Hamburg, Rheinisch-Westfälische Bank Aktiengesellschaft, 
Düsseldorf and Süddeutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Munich; pursuant to the Law on the Regional Scope 
of Credit Institutions, these had been disincorporated in 1952 from Deutsche Bank which was founded in 
1870. The merger and the name were entered in the Commercial Register of the District Court Frankfurt 
am Main on 2 May 1957. Deutsche Bank is a banking institution and a stock corporation incorporated 
under the laws of Germany under registration number HRB 30 000. The Bank has its registered office in 
Frankfurt am Main, Germany. It maintains its head office at Taunusanlage 12, 60325 Frankfurt am Main 
and branch offices in Germany and abroad including in London, New York, Sydney, Tokyo and an Asia-
Pacific Head Office in Singapore which serve as hubs for its operations in the respective regions. 
The Bank is the parent company of a group consisting of banks, capital market companies, fund 
management companies, a real estate finance company, instalment financing companies, research and 
consultancy companies and other domestic and foreign companies (the “Deutsche Bank Group”). 
The shares of Deutsche Bank are listed for trading and official quotation on all the German Stock 
Exchanges. They are also listed on the New York Stock Exchange. 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
On 12 January 1973, Deutsche Bank AG filed in the United Kingdom the documents required pursuant to 
section 407 of the Companies Act 1948 to establish a place of business within Great Britain. On 14 January 
1993, Deutsche Bank registered under Schedule 21A to the Companies Act 1985 as having established a 
branch (Registration No. BR000005) in England and Wales. The London branch of Deutsche Bank is an 
authorised person for the purposes of section 19 of FSMA.

--- Page 190 ---
190 
TAXATION  
The following is a summary of certain aspects of the tax treatment in respect of payments of the Issuer 
and amounts paid in respect of the ETC Securities by the Issuer (or an agent appointed by it) in accordance 
with the terms and conditions of such ETC Securities, based on the laws and practices currently in force 
which are subject to change after the date of this Base Prospectus and which changes could be made on 
a retrospective basis. It is limited to the country of incorporation of the Issuer and those countries in which 
admission to trading may be sought or offers for which a prospectus is required under the Prospectus 
Regulation may be made pursuant to this Base Prospectus. 
It does not relate to any other tax consequences or to withholdings in respect of payments by other persons 
(such as custodians, depositaries or other intermediaries) unless otherwise specified. Particular rules may 
apply to certain classes of taxpayers holding the ETC Securities. The summary does not purport to be 
exhaustive and does not constitute tax or legal advice and the comments below are of a general nature 
only. With respect to certain structured financial instruments, such as the ETC Securities, it may be the 
case that in certain jurisdictions there is currently neither case law nor comments of the financial authorities 
as to the tax treatment of such financial instruments. Accordingly, there is a risk that the relevant financial 
authorities and courts or the paying agents in such jurisdictions may adopt a view different from that 
summarised below. Each investor should consult a tax adviser as to the tax consequences relating to its 
particular circumstances resulting from the purchase, holding, sale and redemption of the ETC Securities 
and the receipt of payments thereon under the laws of their country of residence, citizenship or domicile. 
All payments in respect of the ETC Securities by the Issuer or by an agent appointed by the Issuer will be 
subject to any applicable withholding taxes. 
None of the Issuer, the Arranger or any Transaction Party makes any representation or warranty as to the 
tax consequences to any investor of the acquisition, holding or disposal of the ETC Securities. Investors 
should be aware that the tax legislation of any jurisdiction where an investor in ETC Securities is resident 
or otherwise subject to taxation (as well as the jurisdictions discussed below) may have an impact on the 
tax consequences of an investment in the ETC Securities including in respect of any income received from 
the ETC Securities. The tax consequences for each investor in the ETC Securities can be different and 
therefore investors and counterparties are advised to consult with their tax advisers as to their specific 
consequences. 
Information Reporting 
Information relating to the ETC Securities, their holders and beneficial owners may be required to be 
provided to tax authorities in certain circumstances pursuant to domestic or international reporting and 
transparency regimes. This may include (but is not limited to) information relating to the value of the ETC 
Securities, amounts paid or credited with respect to the ETC Securities, details of the holders or beneficial 
owners of the ETC Securities and information and documents in connection with transactions relating to 
the ETC Securities. In certain circumstances, the information obtained by a tax authority may be provided 
to tax authorities in other countries. 
Jersey 
General 
Under current Jersey law, there are no capital gains, capital transfer, gift, wealth or inheritance taxes or 
any death or estate duties. No stamp duty is levied in Jersey on the issue or transfer of ETC Securities. 
On the death of an individual holder of ETC Securities (whether or not such individual was resident in 
Jersey), duty at rates of up to 0.75 per cent. of the value of the relevant ETC Securities may be payable 
on the registration of Jersey probate or letters of administration.

--- Page 191 ---
191 
United States 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”), commonly known 
as FATCA, a “foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes 
(“foreign passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related 
requirements. The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions 
(including Jersey) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with 
the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as 
the ETC Securities, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA 
with respect to payments on instruments such as the ETC Securities, are uncertain and may be subject to 
change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the ETC Securities, under proposed regulations such withholding would not apply to 
foreign passthru payments prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations 
defining “foreign passthru payments” are published in the U.S. Federal Register. In the event any 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the ETC 
Securities, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding. 
FATCA is particularly complex and its application is uncertain at this time. Prospective investors 
should consult their tax advisers on how these rules may apply to the Issuer and to payments they 
may receive in connection with the ETC Securities. 
Austria 
This section on taxation contains a brief summary of the Issuer's understanding with regard to certain 
important principles which are of significance in connection with the purchase, holding or sale of the ETC 
Securities in Austria. This summary does not purport to exhaustively describe all possible tax aspects and 
does not deal with specific situations which may be of relevance for certain potential investors. The 
following comments are rather of a general nature and included herein solely for information purposes. 
They are not intended to be, nor should they be construed to be, legal or tax advice. This summary is 
based on the currently applicable tax legislation, case law and regulations of the tax authorities, as well as 
their respective interpretation, all of which may be amended from time to time. Such amendments may 
possibly also be effected with retroactive effect and may negatively impact on the tax consequences 
described. It is recommended that potential investors in the ETC Securities consult with their legal and tax 
advisors as to the tax consequences of the purchase, holding or sale of the ETC Securities. Tax risks 
resulting from the ETC Securities (in particular from a potential qualification as a foreign investment fund 
within the meaning of sec. 188 of the Austrian Investment Funds Act 2011 (Investmentfondsgesetz 2011)) 
shall in any case be borne by the investor. For the purposes of the following it is assumed that the ETC 
Securities are legally and factually offered to an indefinite number of persons in the sense of sec. 27a(2)(2) 
of the Austrian Income Tax Act (Einkommensteuergesetz). 
General 
Individuals who have a domicile (Wohnsitz) and/or their habitual abode (gewöhnlicher Aufenthalt), both as 
defined in sec. 26 of the Austrian Federal Fiscal Procedures Act (Bundesabgabenordnung), in Austria are 
subject to income tax (Einkommensteuer) in Austria on their worldwide income (unlimited income tax 
liability; unbeschränkte Einkommensteuerpflicht). Individuals who have neither a domicile nor their habitual 
abode in Austria are subject to income tax only on income from certain Austrian sources (limited income 
tax liability; beschränkte Einkommensteuerpflicht).

--- Page 192 ---
192 
Corporations having their place of management (Ort der Geschäftsleitung) and/or their legal seat (Sitz), 
both as defined in sec. 27 of the Austrian Federal Fiscal Procedures Act, in Austria are subject to corporate 
income tax (Körperschaftsteuer) in Austria on their worldwide income (unlimited corporate income tax 
liability; unbeschränkte Körperschaftsteuerpflicht). Corporations having neither their place of management 
nor their legal seat in Austria are subject to corporate income tax only on income from certain Austrian 
sources (limited corporate income tax liability; beschränkte Körperschaftsteuerpflicht). 
Both in case of unlimited and limited (corporate) income tax liability Austria's right to tax may be restricted 
by double taxation treaties. 
Income taxation  
Pursuant to sec. 27(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, the term investment income (Einkünfte aus 
Kapitalvermögen) comprises: 
• 
income from the letting of capital (Einkünfte aus der Überlassung von Kapital) pursuant to sec. 27(2) 
of the Austrian Income Tax Act, including dividends and interest – the tax basis is the amount of the 
earnings received (sec. 27a(3)(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act); 
• 
income from realised increases in value (Einkünfte aus realisierten Wertsteigerungen) pursuant to 
sec. 27(3) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, including gains from the sale, redemption and other 
realisation of assets that lead to income from the letting of capital, zero coupon bonds and broken-
period interest – the tax basis amounts to the sales proceeds or the redemption amount minus the 
acquisition costs, in each case including accrued interest (sec. 27a(3)(2)(a) of the Austrian Income 
Tax Act); and 
• 
income from derivatives (Einkünfte aus Derivaten) pursuant to sec. 27(4) of the Austrian Income Tax 
Act, including cash settlements, option premiums received and income from the sale or other 
realisation of forward contracts like options, futures and swaps and other derivatives such as index 
certificates (the mere exercise of an option does not trigger tax liability); e.g. in the case of index 
certificates, the tax basis amounts to the sales proceeds or the redemption amount minus the 
acquisition costs (sec. 27a(3)(3)(c) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). 
Also the withdrawal of the ETC Securities from a securities account (Depotentnahme) and circumstances 
leading to a restriction of Austria's taxation right regarding the ETC Securities vis-à-vis other countries, e.g. 
a relocation from Austria (Wegzug), are in general deemed to constitute a sale (cf. sec. 27(6)(1) and (2) of 
the Austrian Income Tax Act). The tax basis amounts to the fair market value minus the acquisition costs 
(sec. 27a(3)(2)(b) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). 
Individuals subject to unlimited income tax liability in Austria holding the ETC Securities as non-business 
assets are subject to income tax on all resulting investment income pursuant to sec. 27(1) of the Austrian 
Income Tax Act. Investment income from the ETC Securities with an Austrian nexus (inländische Einkünfte 
aus Kapitalvermögen), basically meaning income paid by an Austrian paying agent (auszahlende Stelle) 
or an Austrian custodian agent (depotführende Stelle), is subject to withholding tax (Kapitalertragsteuer) 
at a flat rate of 27.5 per cent.; no additional income tax is levied over and above the amount of tax withheld 
(final taxation pursuant to sec. 97(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). Investment income from the ETC 
Securities without an Austrian nexus, must be included in the investor’s income tax return and is subject 
to income tax at the flat rate of 27.5 per cent. In both cases upon application the option exists to tax all 
income subject to income tax at a flat rate pursuant to sec. 27a(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act at the 
lower progressive income tax rate (option to regular taxation pursuant to sec. 27a(5) of the Austrian Income 
Tax Act). The acquisition costs must not include ancillary acquisition costs (Anschaffungsnebenkosten; 
sec. 27a(4)(2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). Expenses such as bank charges and custody fees must 
not be deducted (sec. 20(2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act); this also applies if the option to regular 
taxation is exercised. Sec. 27(8) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, inter alia, provides for the following 
restrictions on the offsetting of losses: negative income from realised increases in value and from

--- Page 193 ---
193 
derivatives may be neither offset against interest from bank accounts and other non-securitized claims vis-
à-vis credit institutions (except for cash settlements and lending fees) nor against income from private 
foundations, foreign private law foundations and other comparable legal estates (Privatstiftungen, 
ausländische Stiftungen oder sonstige Vermögensmassen, die mit einer Privatstiftung vergleichbar sind); 
income subject to income tax at a flat rate pursuant to sec. 27a(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act may not 
be offset against income subject to the progressive income tax rate (this equally applies in case of an 
exercise of the option to regular taxation); negative investment income not already offset against positive 
investment income may not be offset against other types of income. The Austrian custodian agent has to 
effect the offsetting of losses by taking into account all of a taxpayer's securities accounts with the 
custodian agent, in line with sec. 93(6) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, and to issue a written confirmation 
to the taxpayer to this effect. 
Individuals subject to unlimited income tax liability in Austria holding the ETC Securities as business assets 
are subject to income tax on all resulting investment income pursuant to sec. 27(1) of the Austrian Income 
Tax Act. Investment income from the ETC Securities with an Austrian nexus is subject to withholding tax 
at a flat rate of 27.5 per cent. While withholding tax has the effect of final taxation for income from the 
letting of capital, income from realised increases in value and income from derivatives must be included in 
the investor’s income tax return (nevertheless income tax at the flat rate of 27.5 per cent.). Investment 
income from the ETC Securities without an Austrian nexus must always be included in the investor’s 
income tax return and is subject to income tax at the flat rate of 27.5 per cent.. In both cases upon 
application the option exists to tax all income subject to income tax at a flat rate pursuant to sec. 27a(1) of 
the Austrian Income Tax Act at the lower progressive income tax rate (option to regular taxation pursuant 
to sec. 27a(5) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). The flat tax rate does not apply to income from realised 
increases in value and income from derivatives if realising these types of income constitutes a key area of 
the respective investor's business activity (sec. 27a(6) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). Expenses such as 
bank charges and custody fees must not be deducted (sec. 20(2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act); this 
also applies if the option to regular taxation is exercised. Pursuant to sec. 6(2)(c) of the Austrian Income 
Tax Act, depreciations to the lower fair market value and losses from the sale, redemption and other 
realisation of financial assets and derivatives in the sense of sec. 27(3) and (4) of the Austrian Income Tax 
Act, which are subject to income tax at the flat rate of 27.5 per cent., are primarily to be offset against 
income from realised increases in value of such financial assets and derivatives and with appreciations in 
value of such assets within the same business unit (Wirtschaftsgüter desselben Betriebes); only 55 per 
cent. of the remaining negative difference may be offset against other types of income. 
Pursuant to sec. 7(2) of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act (Körperschaftsteuergesetz), corporations 
subject to unlimited corporate income tax liability in Austria are subject to corporate income tax on income 
in the sense of sec. 27(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act from the ETC Securities at a rate of 25 per cent. 
Income in the sense of sec. 27(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act from the ETC Securities with an Austrian 
nexus is generally subject to withholding tax at a flat rate of 27.5 per cent. However, pursuant to sec. 93(1a) 
of the Austrian Income Tax Act the withholding agent may apply a 25 per cent. rate if the debtor of the 
withholding tax is a corporation. Such withholding tax can be credited against the corporate income tax 
liability. Under the conditions set forth in sec. 94(5) of the Austrian Income Tax Act withholding tax is not 
levied in the first place. Losses from the sale of the ETC Securities can be offset against other income. 
Pursuant to sec. 13(3)(1) in connection with sec. 22(2) of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act, private 
foundations (Privatstiftungen) pursuant to the Austrian Private Foundations Act (Privatstiftungsgesetz) 
fulfilling the prerequisites contained in sec. 13(3) and (6) of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act and 
holding the ETC Securities as non-business assets are subject to interim taxation at a rate of 25 per cent. 
on interest income, income from realised increases in value and income from derivatives (inter alia, if the 
latter are in the form of securities). Pursuant to the Austrian tax authorities' view, the acquisition costs must 
not include ancillary acquisition costs. Expenses such as bank charges and custody fees must not be 
deducted (sec. 12(2) of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act). Interim tax is generally not triggered

--- Page 194 ---
194 
insofar as distributions subject to withholding tax are made to beneficiaries in the same tax period. 
Investment income from the ETC Securities with an Austrian nexus is in general subject to withholding tax 
at a flat rate of 27.5 per cent.. However, pursuant to sec. 93(1a) of the Austrian Income Tax Act the 
withholding agent may apply a 25 per cent. rate if the debtor of the withholding tax is a corporation. Such 
withholding tax can be credited against the tax triggered. Under the conditions set forth in sec. 94(12) of 
the Austrian Income Tax Act withholding tax is not levied. 
Individuals and corporations subject to limited (corporate) income tax liability in Austria are taxable on 
income from the ETC Securities if they have a permanent establishment (Betriebsstätte) in Austria and the 
ETC Securities are attributable to such permanent establishment (cf. sec. 98(1)(3) of the Austrian Income 
Tax Act, sec. 21(1)(1) of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act). In addition, individuals subject to limited 
income tax liability in Austria are also taxable on interest in the sense of sec. 27(2)(2) of the Austrian 
Income Tax Act and accrued interest (including from zero coupon bonds) in the sense of sec. 27(6)(5) of 
the Austrian Income Tax Act from the ETC Securities if the (accrued) interest has an Austrian nexus and 
if withholding tax is levied on such (accrued) interest. This does not apply to an individual being resident 
in a state with which automatic exchange of information exists, if the individual provides a certificate of 
residence to the withholding agent. Interest with an Austrian nexus is interest the debtor of which has its 
place of management and/or its legal seat in Austria or is an Austrian branch of a non-Austrian credit 
institution; accrued interest with an Austrian nexus is accrued interest from securities issued by an Austrian 
issuer (sec. 98(1)(5)(b) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). The Issuer understands that no taxation applies 
in the case at hand. 
Pursuant to sec. 188 of the Austrian Investment Funds Act 2011 the term "foreign investment fund" 
comprises (i) undertakings for collective investment in transferable securities the member state of origin of 
which is not Austria; (ii) alternative investment funds pursuant to the Austrian Act on Alternative Investment 
Fund Managers (Alternative Investmentfonds Manager-Gesetz) the state of origin of which is not Austria; 
and (iii) secondarily, undertakings subject to a foreign jurisdiction, irrespective of the legal form they are 
organised in, the assets of which are invested according to the principle of risk-spreading on the basis 
either of a statute, of the undertaking's articles or of customary exercise, if one of the following conditions 
is fulfilled: (a) the undertaking is factually, directly or indirectly, not subject to a corporate income tax in its 
state of residence that is comparable to Austrian corporate income tax; (b) the profits of the undertaking 
are in its state of residence subject to corporate income tax that is comparable to Austrian corporate income 
tax, at a rate of less than 15 per cent.; or (c) the undertaking is subject to a comprehensive personal or 
material tax exemption in its state of residence. Certain collective investment vehicles investing in real 
estate are exempted. In case of a qualification as a foreign investment fund, the tax consequences would 
substantially differ from those described above: a special type of transparency principle would be applied, 
pursuant to which generally both distributed income, as well as deemed income, would be subject to 
Austrian (corporate) income tax. 
Inheritance and gift taxation 
Austria does not levy inheritance or gift tax.  
Certain gratuitous transfers of assets to private law foundations and comparable legal estates 
(privatrechtliche Stiftungen und damit vergleichbare Vermögensmassen) are subject to foundation transfer 
tax 
(Stiftungseingangssteuer) 
pursuant 
to 
the 
Austrian 
Foundation 
Transfer 
Tax 
Act 
(Stiftungseingangssteuergesetz) if the transferor and/or the transferee at the time of transfer has its 
domicile, its habitual abode, its legal seat and/or its place of management in Austria. Certain exemptions 
apply in cases of transfers mortis causa of financial assets within the meaning of sec. 27(3) and (4) of the 
Austrian Income Tax Act (except for participations in corporations) if income from such financial assets is 
subject to income tax at a flat rate pursuant to sec. 27a(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act. The tax basis 
is the fair market value of the assets transferred minus any debts, calculated at the time of transfer. The 
tax rate generally is 2.5 per cent., with higher rates applying in special cases.

--- Page 195 ---
195 
In addition, there is a special notification obligation for gifts of money, receivables, shares in corporations, 
participations in partnerships, businesses, movable tangible assets and intangibles if the donor and/or the 
donee has its domicile, its habitual abode, its legal seat and/or its place of management in Austria. Not all 
gifts are covered by the notification obligation: in case of gifts to certain related parties, a threshold of 
€ 50,000 per year applies; in all other cases, a notification is obligatory if the value of gifts made exceeds 
an amount of € 15,000 during a period of five years. Furthermore, gratuitous transfers to foundations falling 
under the Austrian Foundation Transfer Tax Act described above are also exempt from the notification 
obligation. Intentional violation of the notification obligation may trigger fines of up to 10 per cent. of the 
fair market value of the assets transferred. 
Further, gratuitous transfers of the ETC Securities may trigger income tax at the level of the transferor 
pursuant to sec. 27(6)(1) and (2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act (see above). 
Belgium 
General 
The following is intended as a general guideline and is only a summary of the Issuer’s understanding of 
current Belgian tax law and practice applied to the taxation of the ETC Securities. It is stressed that the 
text is not to be read as extending by implication to matters not specifically discussed therein. The text 
does not take into account or discuss tax laws of any country other than Belgium and is subject to changes 
in Belgian law, including changes that could have retroactive effect. Investors should seek advice from 
their own tax advisers with respect to the taxation in Belgium of proceeds received in respect of such ETC 
Securities. 
Taxation of a Belgian Tax Resident Private Investor or Belgian Legal Entities 
Payments by the Issuer at the Scheduled Maturity Date or Early Redemption Date 
The profit derived from the ETC Securities resulting from the positive difference (if any) between the Final 
Redemption Amount at the Scheduled Maturity Date and the Issue Price or between the Early Redemption 
Amount at the Early Redemption Date and the Issue Price is characterised, under Belgian tax law, as 
interest income. 
Any profit derived from the ETC Securities and paid or attributed via a Belgian paying agent is in principle 
subject to Belgian withholding tax of 30 per cent., and possibly subject to exemptions under Belgian law. 
For individuals (Belgian residents) holding the ETC Securities as a private investment, the 30 per cent. 
withholding tax on any profit derived from the ETC Securities constitutes the final Belgian income tax. The 
Belgian resident is not required to report the profit derived from the ETC Securities in his income tax return. 
In case the individual has received this profit outside Belgium without deduction of Belgian withholding tax, 
he must report this profit in his individual tax return and the profit will be subject to a separate taxation at 
a rate of 30 per cent. (or at the relevant progressive personal income tax rate(s), taking into account the 
taxpayer’s other declared income, if this results in lower taxation). In case the individual realises a loss on 
his ETC Securities, no (withholding) tax will be due, but a tax deduction will not be available either.  
For Belgian legal entities subject to the Belgian legal entities tax, the 30 per cent. withholding tax levied on 
any profit derived from the ETC Securities also constitutes the final Belgian income tax. The profit does 
not need to be reported in the annual income tax return. In case the legal entity has received the profit 
derived from the ETC Securities outside Belgium without deduction of Belgian withholding tax, it must pay 
and report the Belgian withholding tax to the Belgian tax administration itself. In case of a loss, no 
(withholding) tax will be due, but no tax deduction will be available either to the legal entities.

--- Page 196 ---
196 
Sale of the ETC Securities to a third party (other than the Issuer) prior to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date 
The capital gains realised upon transfer to third parties prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date of the ETC 
Securities (i.e. the difference between the transfer price and the Issue Price of the ETC Securities) are in 
principle tax exempt in the hands of Belgian resident individuals, except if the capital gains are realised 
outside the scope of the normal management of the taxpayer’s private estate. No deduction will be 
available, in case a capital loss is incurred.  
The capital gains realised upon transfer to third parties prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date of the ETC 
Securities (i.e. the difference between the transfer price and the Issue Price of the ETC Securities) are in 
principle tax exempt in the hands of Belgian legal entities subject to the Belgian legal entities tax. 
Taxation of Belgian Resident Companies and Belgian Resident Individuals who have Invested 
the ETC Securities in a Business 
The profit derived from the ETC Securities resulting from the (positive) difference (if any) between the Final 
Redemption Amount at the Scheduled Maturity Date and the Issue Price and, in case of transfer prior to 
the Scheduled Maturity Date, resulting from the (positive) difference between the transfer price and the 
Issue Price of the ETC Securities, will be taxable for Belgian resident companies and Belgian resident 
individuals who have invested the ETC Securities in their business activity. 
Profits derived from the ETC Securities by Belgian resident companies are taxed at the ordinary corporate 
income tax rate of 25 per cent.. Small and medium-sized companies are taxable at the reduced corporate 
income tax rate of 20 per cent. on profits up to EUR 100,000 (subject to certain conditions). Belgian resident 
individuals who have invested the ETC Securities in their business activity are taxable at the progressive 
individual income tax rates (plus local surcharges). Any losses are normally tax deductible. Any Belgian 
withholding tax that has been levied is creditable and refundable subject to certain limitations. Under certain 
conditions, a foreign tax credit of a maximum of 15/85 of the net profit is granted in respect of taxes paid 
abroad. 
Taxation of Non-Belgian Resident Investors 
Non-Belgian resident investors are only taxed on Belgian source profit. 
The non-Belgian resident investors will, as a matter of principle, not be subject to taxation in Belgium in 
respect of any profit derived from the ETC Securities on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, if the profit 
is not collected through a Belgian paying agent. 
However, any profit derived by non-Belgian resident investors (individuals, companies and legal entities) 
upon payment by the Issuer on the Scheduled Maturity Date or Early Redemption Date will normally be 
subject to a Belgian withholding tax of 30 per cent. if this profit is paid in Belgium, i.e. through a Belgian 
paying agent. Exemptions or reductions may apply pursuant to Belgian national tax law, tax treaties or 
European Directives. In the absence of such profit, no taxation will occur in Belgium. 
In addition, non-resident investors who have allocated the ETC Securities to the exercise of a professional 
activity in Belgium through a permanent establishment are subject to the same tax rules as described 
above in the section “Taxation of Belgian Resident Companies and Belgian Resident Individuals who have 
Invested the ETC Securities in a Business”. 
The exchange of information is governed by the Common Reporting Standard (“CRS”). On 10 December 
2020, 110 jurisdictions indeed signed the multilateral competent authority agreement (“MCAA”), which is 
a multilateral framework agreement to automatically exchange financial and personal information, with the 
subsequent bilateral exchanges coming into effect between those signatories that file the subsequent 
notifications.

--- Page 197 ---
197 
Under CRS, financial institutions resident in a CRS country are required to report, according to a due 
diligence standard, financial information with respect to reportable accounts, which includes interest, 
dividends, account balance or value, income from certain insurance products, sales proceeds from 
financial assets and other income generated with respect to assets held in the account or payments made 
with respect to the account. Reportable accounts include accounts held by individuals and entities (which 
includes trusts and foundations) with fiscal residence in another CRS country. The standard includes a 
requirement to look through passive entities to report on the relevant controlling persons. 
On 9 December 2014, EU Member States adopted Directive 2014/107/EU on administrative cooperation 
in direct taxation (“DAC2”), which provides for mandatory automatic exchange of financial information as 
foreseen in CRS. DAC2 amends the previous Directive on administrative cooperation in direct taxation, 
Directive 2011/16/EU. DAC2 amends the previous Directive on administrative cooperation in direct 
taxation, Directive 2011/16/EU and replaces the EC Council Directive 2003/48EC on the taxation of 
savings income (commonly referred to as the “Savings Directive”) as from 1 January 2016. 
Belgium has implemented DAC2, respectively the Common Reporting Standard, by the Law of 16 
December 2015 regarding the exchange of information on financial accounts by Belgian financial 
institutions and by the Belgian tax administration, in the context of an automatic exchange of information 
on an international level and for tax purposes. 
In addition to the aforementioned Belgian withholding tax of 30 per cent., profits derived from the ETC 
Securities may therefore be subject to a system of automatic exchange of information between the relevant 
tax authorities. 
Responsibility for the Withholding of Tax 
If the profit derived from the ETC Securities is paid or attributed to investors via a Belgian paying agent, 
the obligation to retain Belgian withholding tax, if any, is the sole responsibility of the Belgian paying agent. 
Under Belgian tax law the foreign Issuer does not assume any responsibility in this respect. 
Stock Exchange Tax 
In certain events, a Belgian stock exchange tax (Taxe sur les opérations de bourse/Taks op de 
beursverrichtingen) will be due. 
The Belgian stock exchange tax is normally due on a certain number of transactions agreed or executed 
in Belgium, including each transfer and each purchase for consideration in Belgium of the ETC Securities 
through a professional intermediary on the secondary market. No tax is payable by non-residents acting 
for their own account, provided they deliver an affidavit to the financial intermediary in Belgium confirming 
their non-resident status, nor by certain other (institutional) investors acting for their own account, such as 
professional intermediaries, insurance companies, enterprise pension institutions, collective investment 
institutions, etc. as listed in art. 126/1 of the Code of Miscellaneous Taxes and Duties.  
The tax amounts to 0.35 per cent. of the purchase price of the ETC Securities for each secondary market 
sale and for each secondary market purchase. The tax due on each of the above-mentioned transactions 
is capped at € 1,600 per transaction and per party. A separate tax is due from each party to the transaction, 
both collected by the professional intermediary. 
Following the Law of 25 December 2016, the scope of application of the stock exchange tax has been 
extended as of 1 January 2017 to secondary market transactions of which the order is directly or indirectly 
made to a professional intermediary established outside of Belgium by (i) a private individual with habitual 
residence in Belgium or (ii) a legal entity for the account of its seat or establishment in Belgium (both 
referred to as a “Belgian Investor”). In such a scenario, the stock exchange tax is due by the Belgian 
Investor, unless the Belgian Investor can demonstrate that the stock exchange tax due has already been 
paid by the professional intermediary established outside of Belgium. In the latter case, the foreign

--- Page 198 ---
198 
professional intermediary also has to provide each client (which gives such intermediary an order) with a 
qualifying order statement (bordereau/borderel), at the latest on the business day after the day on which 
the relevant transaction was realised. The qualifying order statements must be numbered in series and 
duplicates must be retained by the financial intermediary. A duplicate can be replaced by a qualifying agent 
day-today listing, numbered in series. Alternatively, professional intermediaries established outside of 
Belgium could appoint a stock exchange tax representative in Belgium, subject to certain conditions and 
formalities (“Stock Exchange Tax Representative”). Such Stock Exchange Tax Representative will then 
be liable toward the Belgian Treasury for the stock exchange tax due and for complying with reporting 
obligations and the obligations relating to the order statement (bordereau/borderel) in that respect. If such 
a Stock Exchange Tax Representative would have paid the stock exchange tax due, the Belgian Investor 
will, as per the above, no longer be the debtor of the stock exchange tax. 
Tax on the Delivery of Bearer Securities 
A tax of 0.60 per cent. on the price to be paid by the purchaser or acquirer is levied on the delivery of 
bearer securities and it is not capped. 
The delivery of bearer securities means the physical delivery of the bearer securities that takes place after 
the acquisition for consideration (purchase on the secondary market) or withdrawal of the securities that 
are deposited on a short deposit account. Delivery to Belgian professional intermediaries falls outside the 
scope of the tax. If no physical delivery of the bearer securities takes place, the tax will not be due. 
The following transactions are exempt from the tax: deliveries made after the acquisition for consideration 
without the intervention of a professional intermediary, and deliveries of foreign securities deposited on a 
short deposit account, when the recipient is a non-resident. 
The tax on the delivery of bearer securities will normally only apply to transactions with ETC Securities in 
bearer form, subject to the above-mentioned exemptions. 
Annual tax on securities accounts 
Pursuant to the law of 17 February 2021 as published in the Belgian Official Gazette on 25 February 2021, 
a new indirect tax of 0.15% on securities accounts has been introduced (the “Tax on Securities 
Accounts”).  
The Tax on Securities Accounts applies to securities accounts held by resident individuals, companies and 
legal entities, irrespective as to whether these accounts are held with a financial intermediary which is 
incorporated or established in Belgium or abroad. As to non-residents individuals, companies and legal 
entities, the Tax on Securities Accounts applies to securities accounts held with a financial intermediary 
incorporated or established in Belgium and to securities accounts held by non-residents through a Belgian 
establishment irrespective as to whether these accounts are held with a financial intermediary incorporated 
or established in Belgium or abroad. Pursuant to certain double tax treaties, Belgium has however no right 
to tax capital. Hence, to the extent the Tax on Securities Accounts is viewed as a tax on capital within the 
meaning of these double tax treaties, treaty protection may, subject to certain conditions, be claimed. As 
to specific types of regulated entities, the Tax on Securities Accounts is not due on securities accounts 
held in the context of their own professional activity and for their own account. 
A financial intermediary is defined as (i) the National Bank of Belgium, the European Central Bank and 
foreign central banks performing similar functions, (ii) a central securities depository included in Article 
198/1, §6, 12° of the Belgian Income Tax Code, (iii) a credit institution or a stockbroking firm as defined by 
Article 1, §3 of the Law of 25 April 2014 on the status and supervision of credit institutions and investment 
companies and (vi) the investment companies as defined by Article 3, §1 of the Law of 25 October 2016 
on access to the activity of investment services and on the legal status and supervision of portfolio 
management and investment advice companies, which are, pursuant to national law, admitted to hold 
financial instruments for the account of customers.

--- Page 199 ---
199 
The Tax on Securities Accounts is due on the average value of qualifying financial instruments held on 
one or more securities accounts during a reference period of twelve consecutive months starting in 
principle on 1 October and ending on 30 September of the subsequent year. The first reference period 
started on 26 February 2021 and will end on 30 September 2021. Qualifying financial instruments are 
financial instruments as referred to in Article 2, 1° of the Law of 2 August 2002 on the supervision of the 
financial sector and on financial services (including not only Shares, Bonds, but also derivatives), as well 
as cash amounts, provided they are held on a securities account. 
No Tax on Securities Accounts is due provided the average value of the qualifying financial instruments 
held on the relevant securities account amounts to less than EUR 1 million during the relevant reference 
period. If, however, said average value amounts to EUR 1 million or more, the Tax on Securities Accounts 
will be due on the average value of the qualifying financial instruments on those accounts during the 
relevant reference period and, hence, not only on the part which exceeds the EUR 1 million threshold. In 
this respect, each securities account is assessed separately. When multiple holders hold a securities 
account, each holder shall be jointly and severally liable for the payment of the tax and each holder may 
fulfil the declaration requirements for all holders.  
The amount of the Tax on the Securities Accounts is limited to 10% of the difference between the average 
value of the qualifying financial instruments on the relevant securities accounts and EUR 1 million.  
Certain anti-abuse provisions are provided which apply retroactively as from 30 October 2020. 
Anti-abuse provision 
Pursuant to article 344, § 2 of the Belgian Income Tax Code 1992, the Belgian Tax Administration is entitled 
to disregard the transfer of certain assets, including cash, to a non-resident company which, by virtue of 
the law of its country of residence, is not subject to income tax or is subject to a tax regime in relation to 
the income produced by the assets transferred which is notably more advantageous than the tax treatment 
which would be applicable in Belgium to such income. 
Pursuant to this provision the Belgian Tax Administration can ignore the cash transfer and tax the Belgian 
investor on a deemed interest as if the transfer had not taken place.  
A Belgian investor can avoid the application of the abovementioned legal fiction by producing evidence 
that (i) the ETC Securities produce income that effectively generates in Belgium a tax burden which is 
normal in comparison with the tax burden which would have arisen if the investment had not taken place 
or (ii) the investment has been carried out for genuine financial or economic needs. 
Finland 
General 
The following is a summary of certain Finnish tax consequences for holders of the ETC Securities who are 
residents of Finland for tax purposes. The summary is based on tax laws and taxation practice, as in effect 
and applied as at the date of this Base Prospectus with respect to securities linked to the value of an 
underlying asset generally, and is intended to provide general information only. However, the tax treatment 
of ETC Securities is not in all respects established and there are no specific tax laws addressing the tax 
treatment of ETC Securities in Finland. Tax laws, taxation practices and their interpretation are constantly 
under change, which changes may sometimes have a retroactive effect and may change the conclusions 
set out in the summary. 
The summary does not cover situations where individuals hold the ETC Securities in context of business 
activities. The summary does neither cover situations where the ETC Securities are held as investment 
assets or current assets (i.e. allocable to the inventory or otherwise held for trading purposes) by a

--- Page 200 ---
200 
corporation or where there are unrealised changes in the values of the ETC Securities that are held for 
trading purposes. This summary addresses neither Finnish gift nor inheritance tax consequences. 
The summary is furthermore prepared under the assumption that the Issuer is not a resident in Finland for 
Finnish income tax purposes and is not acting from a Finnish branch, permanent establishment or other 
fixed place of business in Finland in connection with the ETC Securities. 
Tax Withholding 
There is no Finnish withholding tax (Fi. lähdevero) applicable to the payments made by the Issuer in 
respect of the ETC Securities. However, Finland operates a system of preliminary taxation (Fi. 
ennakonpidätysjärjestelmä) to secure the payment of taxes in certain circumstances. A tax of 30 per cent 
will be deducted and withheld from all proceeds (at redemption) that are treated as interest or as 
compensation comparable to interest, when such payments are made by a Finnish account operator (i.e. 
a Finnish paying agent) to individuals and death estates. Any preliminary tax (Fi. ennakonpidätys) will be 
used for the payment of the individual’s or the death estate’s final taxes (which means that they are credited 
against the individual’s or death estate’s final tax liability). 
Individuals and Death Estates 
For income tax purposes, the ETC Securities will presumably be considered as assets, the disposal of 
which will result in either a capital gain or loss. Accordingly, individuals and death estates will be subject 
to tax on any capital gains incurred from the disposal of the ETC Securities. Capital gains of individuals 
and death estates are currently taxed at a tax rate of 30 per cent if the total amount of capital income 
(including capital gains) received by an individual or a death estate is € 30,000 or less annually and at a 
tax rate of 34 per cent to the extent the total amount of capital income (including capital gains) exceeds € 
30,000 annually. 
Capital gains and losses are calculated by deducting from the sales price the original acquisition cost 
added with expenses incurred from the disposal of the ETC Securities. The acquisition cost of the ETC 
Securities is generally considered to consist of the price paid for the ETC Securities added with possible 
expenses incurred from the acquisition. Alternatively, when calculating capital gains, individuals and death 
estates may use a so-called presumed acquisition cost, the amount of which is always a minimum of 20 
per cent. of the sales price. When using the presumed acquisition cost, sales expenses are not separately 
deductible. 
A loss suffered from the disposal of the ETC Securities will presumably be considered as a capital loss. 
Similarly, a loss arising from the expiration of the ETC Securities (as worthless) presumably constitutes a 
capital loss. Capital losses are primarily deductible from capital gains arising in the same year. Any capital 
losses that cannot be used to offset capital gains in the same year can then be applied against other capital 
income in the same year. Any remaining unused capital losses can finally be carried forward for five years 
and used in the same manner as described above. 
Any compensation with respect to the ETC Securities paid at redemption/maturity will be taxed as capital 
income at the tax rate of 30 per cent or 34 per cent as described above (but may not necessarily be treated 
as a capital gain). Possible foreign withholding tax is normally credited in Finland up to the maximum 
amount of taxes payable in Finland. 
Corporations 
Amounts received from the disposal and/or the redemption of the ETC Securities constitutes part of the 
corporation’s taxable income. Correspondingly, the acquisition cost of the ETC Securities is treated as a 
deductible expense in taxation upon disposal or redemption.  
Corporate income is currently taxed at a tax rate of 20 per cent.

--- Page 201 ---
201 
Possible foreign withholding tax is normally credited in Finland up to the maximum amount of taxes payable 
in Finland. 
France 
General 
This following summary is based on the tax laws and regulations in force in France as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus and such as applied by the French tax authorities, all of which are subject to changes or 
to different interpretation, potentially with retroactive effect. It does not purport to be a comprehensive 
description of all the French tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to purchase, own or 
dispose of the ETC Securities.  
Potential purchasers and sellers of the ETC Securities are advised not to rely upon the tax summary 
contained in this Base Prospectus and/or in the Final Terms but to ask for their own tax adviser’s advice 
on their individual taxation with respect to the purchase, ownership, redemption or disposal of the ETC 
Securities. In particular, this tax summary does not address the tax treatment of ETC Securities holders 
that are subject to special rules, such as partnerships, trusts or regulated investment companies, 
international organisations, banks or other financial institutions, insurance companies, among others. 
Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers as to the French and foreign tax treatment 
especially in light of their particular circumstances. 
The tax treatment described below is based on the assumption that the ETC Securities will be assimilated 
to securities equivalent to bonds (obligations) for French tax purposes.  
Withholding Tax  
To the extent that the Issuer of the ETC Securities is not domiciled or established in France (notably ETC 
Securities are not issued through a permanent establishment of the Issuer in France), the payments made 
on the ETC Securities to a beneficial owner of ETC Securities which is not a French resident for tax 
purposes and does not hold the ETC Securities in connection with a permanent establishment or a fixed 
base in France will not be subject to a withholding tax (retenue à la source) in France. 
French Resident Individuals  
The following is an overview of French tax rules applicable to individuals, resident in France for tax 
purposes, who hold ETC Securities as part of their private assets, who do not trade on the stock market 
on a regular basis and, accordingly, who are not considered as professional traders. Individuals who 
engage in professional trading transactions should consult their tax advisers concerning the tax rules 
applicable in their specific case. 
Redemption Premium 
Redemption premium from obligations (interest and redemption premium) issued by foreign entities is 
subject to personal income tax (Article 120-8° of the FTC). Default interest, if any, is assimilated to 
redemption premium. 
Pursuant to Articles 125 A and 125 D of the FTC, subject to certain limited exceptions, the redemption 
premium received by individuals who are fiscally domiciled in France (domiciliés fiscalement) is subject to 
a 12.8 per cent. advance tax (payable either by way of a withholding or by the individuals themselves), 
which is deductible from their personal income tax liability in respect of the year in which the payment has 
been made. 
The redemption premium is then subject to personal income tax either at the flat tax rate of 12.8 per cent. 
or, upon election of the taxpayer, at the progressive scale with a maximum rate of 45 per cent. (the election 
for a taxation at the progressive scale being global and then applied to all the savings income and capital

--- Page 202 ---
202 
gains of the taxpayer), the above-mentioned advance tax of 12.8 per cent. being in both cases deductible 
from the personal income tax liability. 
Social contributions are levied (either by way of withholding or paid by the individuals themselves) at an 
aggregate rate of 17.2 per cent., broken down as follows: 
• 
a general social contribution (Contribution sociale généralisée) of 9.2 per cent. (of which 6.8 per 
cent. is deductible from the basis of assessment for personal income tax for the year of payment in 
case of election for a taxation at the progressive scale); 
• 
an additional contribution to the social levy (Prélèvement de solidarité) of 7.5 per cent.; and 
• 
a social security debt repayment contribution (Contribution au remboursement de la dette sociale) 
of 0.5 per cent.. 
A tax on higher income (Contribution exceptionnelle sur les hauts revenus) is applicable at a rate of 3 per 
cent. to 4 per cent. on the income derived by individuals which exceeds € 250,000 (for single persons) or 
€ 500,000 (for couples). 
Losses derived from the redemption of the ETC Securities cannot be deducted from the holder’s taxable 
income. 
Capital Gains 
Capital gains realised on sales of ETC Securities are subject to personal income tax either at the flat tax 
rate of 12.8 per cent. or, upon election of the taxpayer, at progressive rates, with a maximum rate of 45 
per cent. (the election for a taxation at the progressive scale being global and then applied to all the savings 
income and capital gains of the taxpayer), as of the first euro earned (Article 200-A 2 of the FTC), to which 
are added the following social contributions at an aggregate rate of 17.2 per cent.: 
• 
a general social contribution (Contribution sociale généralisée) of 9.2 per cent. (of which 6.8 per 
cent. is deductible from the basis of assessment for personal income tax for the year of payment in 
case of election for a taxation at the progressive scale); 
• 
an additional contribution to the social levy (Prélèvement de solidarité) of 7.5 per cent.; and 
• 
a social security debt repayment contribution (Contribution au remboursement de la dette sociale) 
of 0.5 per cent.. 
A tax on higher income (Contribution exceptionnelle sur les hauts revenus) is applicable at a rate of 3 per 
cent. to 4 per cent. on the income derived by individuals which exceeds € 250,000 (for single persons) or 
€ 500,000 (for couples). 
Capital losses may only be used to offset capital gains of the same type incurred within the same year; in 
case of a remaining negative balance of capital losses, capital losses are then used to offset capital gains 
of the following 10 years.  
French Real Estate Wealth Tax 
As from 1 January 2018, the French wealth tax (impôt de solidarité sur la fortune) is repealed and replaced 
by the French real estate wealth tax (impôt sur la fortune immobilière). 
ETC Securities held by individuals in their personal portfolio would broadly only be included in the basis of 
assessment for French real estate wealth tax (impôt sur la fortune immobilière), as the case may be, in 
respect of the portion of the value of the ETC Securities representing real estate assets. As at 1 January 
2021, French wealth tax is applicable at a maximum rate of 1.5 per cent. to individuals who own personal 
real estate assets, where their net asset value exceeds € 1,300,000.

--- Page 203 ---
203 
Duties on Inheritance and Gift Tax 
Subject to certain conditions, ETC Securities inherited or received as gifts by individuals are subject to 
inheritance and gift taxes in France.  
Legal Entities Subject to Corporate Income Tax in France 
Redemption Premium 
The redemption premium is calculated by the difference between the amounts to be received and the 
amounts paid at the time of the acquisition or subscription of the ETC securities.  
The premium is subject to a staggered taxation when the premium, computed as indicated above, exceeds 
10 per cent. of the subscription or acquisition price and for ETC Securities whose average issue price is 
not greater than 90 per cent. of their redemption value (Article 238 septies E II 1 of the FTC).  
In the other cases (where the conditions are not met), the premium is taxable at the time of reimbursement. 
Where the premium is subject to a staggered taxation, since the ETC Securities are index-linked the 
redemption premium is computed at the end of the fiscal year as the value of reimbursement that takes 
into account the variation of the index (Article 238 septies E II 2 and 3 of the FTC). The taxable portion of 
the premium is equal to the difference between (i) the fraction of the premium accrued until the end of the 
fiscal year, computed at a rate, which, in accordance with the methods of compound interest, allows 
obtaining of the reimbursement value (that takes into account the variation of the index) and (ii) the fractions 
taxed during the previous fiscal years according to the same method.  
In order to avoid double taxation, when the ETC Securities are sold or reimbursed, the portion of the 
premium that has already been subject to the staggered taxation during the previous financial year is 
deducted in determining the capital gain. 
Default interest, if any, is assimilated to redemption premium.  
The redemption premium, and, if any, the default interest are subject to corporate income tax (“CIT”) at 
the following rate. 
For fiscal years opened on or after 1 January 2021, CIT is levied, in the general case, at a standard rate 
of 26.5 per cent. and is increased by a social contribution (contribution sociale) at a 3.3 per cent. rate 
applied on the CIT due, after deduction of € 763,000 per 12-month period (Article 235 ter ZC of the FTC). 
Certain legal entities, whose turnover does not exceed €10 million, may pay CIT at the reduced rate of 15 
per cent., up to a maximum taxable amount of € 38,120 per 12-month period. Moreover, legal entities 
whose turnover does not exceed €7.63 million may qualify for exemption from the 3.3 per cent. social 
contribution under certain conditions (Articles 219-I-b and 235 ter ZC of the FTC). The standard CIT rate 
will be reduced to reach a rate of 25 per cent. for fiscal years opened on or after 1 January 2022. Moreover, 
companies with a turnover higher than €250 million will be taxed at a rate of 27.5 per cent. for fiscal years 
opened on or after 1 January 2021 and 25 per cent. for fiscal years opened on or after 1 January 2022 
(increased by a social contribution (contribution sociale) at a 3.3 per cent. rate applied on the CIT due, 
after deduction of € 763,000 per 12-month period). 
Capital Gains 
Capital gains or losses realised on the sale of ETC Securities by a legal entity subject to CIT are subject 
to the short-term capital gains or short-term capital losses regime.  
Capital gains are included in the taxable income of the current fiscal year at the time of their realisation 
and are taxable at the standard CIT rate of 26.5 per cent. plus the 3.3 per cent. social contribution (or the 
reduced rate of 15 per cent. up to € 38,120 of taxable income, where applicable). As mentioned above, 
the standard CIT rate will be reduced to reach a rate of 25 per cent. for fiscal years opened on or after

--- Page 204 ---
204 
1 January 2022. Companies with a turnover higher than €250 million will be taxed at a rate of 27.5 per 
cent. for fiscal years opened on or after 1 January 2021 and 25 per cent. for fiscal years opened on or after 
1 January 2022 (increased by a social contribution (contribution sociale) at a 3.3 per cent. rate applied on 
the CIT due, after deduction of € 763,000 per 12-month period). 
Capital losses are charged against taxable income or contribute to the creation of losses carried forward 
under the conditions set forth by commonly applicable law. 
Germany 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the purchasing, holding and 
disposing of the ETC Securities. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations 
relating to the ETC Securities. In particular, this discussion does not consider any specific facts or 
circumstances that may apply to a particular holder of the ETC Securities. The discussions that follow are 
based upon the applicable German laws in force and their interpretation on the date of this Base 
Prospectus. These tax laws and interpretations are subject to change that may occur after such date, even 
with retrospective effect. 
Prospective holders of the ETC Securities should consult their own tax advisers as to the particular tax 
consequences of subscribing, purchasing, holding and disposing the ETC Securities, including the 
application and effect of any federal, state or local taxes, under the tax laws of Germany and each country 
of which they are residents or citizens. 
Income Tax 
ETC Securities Held by Tax Residents as Private Assets 
In case the ETC Securities are held as private assets (Privatvermögen) by an individual investor whose 
residence or habitual abode is in Germany, any amounts received with respect to the ETC Securities 
(including default interest (if any)) are qualified as proceeds from receivables (Erträge aus sonstigen 
Kapitalforderungen). Although the German Income Tax Code distinguishes between the taxation of current 
proceeds from receivables and the taxation of capital gains from receivables, all proceeds are taxed as 
capital investment income (Einkünfte aus Kapitalvermögen) at a 25 per cent. flat tax (Abgeltungsteuer) 
(plus a 5.5 per cent. solidarity surcharge (Solidaritätszuschlag) thereon and, if applicable to the individual 
investor, church tax). The solidarity surcharge is subject to pending proceedings before the Federal 
Constitutional Court. By law of 10 December 2019 the solidarity surcharge was partially abolished with 
effect from 2021; however, this only applies to low incomes and in no case to flat-taxed capital investment 
income. 
Individual investors are entitled to a tax allowance (Sparer-Pauschbetrag) for amounts treated as 
investment income of €801 per year (€1,602 for jointly assessed individual investors). The tax allowance 
is considered for purposes of the withholding tax if the investor files a withholding tax exemption request 
(Freistellungsauftrag) with the respective Domestic Paying Agent (as described below) where the 
securities deposit account to which the ETC Securities are allocated is held. The deduction of the effective 
income related expenses for tax purposes is not possible.  
The flat tax does not apply if – as a result of the so-called more-favourable-test (Günstigerprüfung) –
taxation at the personal income tax rate of the Securityholder is more favourable. 
Capital losses from the sale or redemption of the ETC Securities held as private assets should generally 
be tax-recognised irrespective of the holding period of the ETC Securities. According to the view of German 
tax authorities’ losses suffered upon a bad debt loss (Forderungsausfall) and a waiver of a receivable 
(Forderungsverzicht) (to the extent the waiver does not qualify as a hidden contribution) shall, in general, 
not be deductible for tax purposes. With respect to a bad debt loss the German Federal Tax Court has

--- Page 205 ---
205 
recently rejected the view of German tax authorities. With respect to a (voluntary) waiver of receivable a 
lower German fiscal court confirmed the view of German tax authorities in a final decision. The German 
tax authorities did not recognise a capital loss if securities are sold or redeemed at a selling price, which 
falls short of transaction costs. The same applied if transaction costs are limited by an agreement with the 
custodian bank according to which the transaction costs are calculated based on the selling price taking 
certain deductions into account. However, the German Federal Tax Court decided in 2018 that a disposal 
at a purchase price below transaction costs is to be recognised for tax purposes and in 2019 the German 
Federal Ministry of Finance announced that the German tax authorities will comply with the decision of the 
German Federal Tax Court. 
In response to the above-mentioned decisions of the Federal Fiscal Court, the legislator has amended the 
Income Tax Act with effect from 1 January 2020, according to which bad debt losses, losses from the 
derecognition or transfer of worthless securities (and other assets in the meaning of Section 20 para. 1 of 
the German Income Tax Act; EStG) to a third party can only be offset with positive capital investment 
income up to an amount of EUR 10,000. Losses not offset can be carried forward to subsequent years and 
offset against positive capital investment income up to EUR 10,000. Furthermore, the legislator 
implemented – with effect from 1 January 2021 – a separate loss set-off pool (Verlustverrechnungskreis) 
for forward transactions (Termingeschäfte) within the meaning of Section 20 para. 2 no. 3 German Income 
Tax Act (EStG). According to this, losses from forward transactions cannot be offset against other positive 
capital investment income, but only against income from forward transactions and option taker premiums 
(Stillhalterprämien), limited to EUR 20,000. Losses not offset can be carried forward and offset in 
subsequent years up to EUR 20,000. The tax authorities have an extremely broad understanding of the 
term "forward transaction", which possibly also includes ETC Securities. 
Apart from the restrictions on the use of losses described above, any tax recognised capital losses may 
not be used to offset other income like employment or business income but may only be offset against 
investment income. Capital losses not utilised in one annual assessment period may be carried forward 
into subsequent assessment periods but may not be carried back into preceding assessment periods. 
The flat tax is generally collected by way of withholding. If the ETC Securities are kept or administered in 
a domestic securities deposit account by a German credit or financial services institution (or by a German 
branch of a foreign credit or financial services institution), or by a German securities trading firm 
(Wertpapierhandelsunternehmen) or a German securities trading bank (Wertpapierhandelsbank) 
(together, the “Domestic Paying Agent”) since their acquisition, a 25 per cent. withholding tax, plus a 5.5 
per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon (and, if applicable to the individual investor, church tax), is levied on 
capital gains from the sale or redemption of the ETC Securities and default interest (if any), resulting in a 
total withholding tax charge of 26.375 per cent.. If the ETC Securities were sold or redeemed after being 
transferred to a securities deposit account with a Domestic Paying Agent, the 25 per cent. withholding tax 
(plus solidarity surcharge thereon and, if applicable to the individual investor, church tax) would be levied 
on 30 per cent. of the proceeds from the sale or the redemption, as the case may be, unless the investor 
or the previous account bank was able and allowed to provide evidence for the investor’s actual acquisition 
costs to the Domestic Paying Agent. The applicable withholding tax rate is in excess of the aforementioned 
rate if church tax is applicable to the individual investor. In this case the collection of church tax on capital 
gains from the sale or redemption of the ETC Securities and default interest (if any) is provided for as a 
standard procedure unless the Securityholder has filed a blocking notice (Sperrvermerk) with the German 
Federal Central Tax Office (Bundeszentralamt für Steuern). 
If no Domestic Paying Agent (as defined above) is involved in the payment process or if no or insufficient 
withholding tax is withheld by a Domestic Paying Agent, the Securityholder will have to include its income 
from the ETC Securities in its tax return and the flat income tax of 25 per cent., plus a 5.5 per cent. solidarity 
surcharge thereon and, if applicable to the individual investor, church tax, will be collected by way of 
assessment.

--- Page 206 ---
206 
Payment of the flat tax will generally satisfy any income tax liability of the Securityholders in respect of 
such investment income. Securityholders may apply for a tax assessment on the basis of general rules 
applicable to them if the resulting income tax burden is lower than 25 per cent. 
ETC Securities Held by Tax Residents as Business Assets 
If the ETC Securities are held as business assets (Betriebsvermögen) by an individual or corporate investor 
that is tax resident in Germany (i.e. persons whose residence, habitual abode, statutory seat, or place of 
effective management and control is located in Germany), capital gains from the sale or redemption of the 
ETC Securities and default interest (if any) are subject to personal or corporate income tax (plus solidarity 
surcharge thereon and, if applicable to the individual investor, church tax). Losses realised on the sale or 
redemption of the ETC Securities may be offset in particular against items of positive income under the 
general tax rules or deducted as part of losses carried back or forward, although the minimum taxation 
rules (Section 10 d para. 1 and 2 German Income Tax Act, (Einkommensteuergesetz, EStG)) must be 
taken into account. Capital gains from the sale or redemption of the ETC Securities and default interest (if 
any) will also be subject to trade tax. 
If a Domestic Paying Agent (as defined above) is involved in the payment process tax at a rate of 25 per 
cent. (plus 5.5 per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon and, if applicable to the individual investor, church 
tax) shall also be withheld from capital gains from the sale or redemption of the ETC Securities and default 
interest (if any). With respect to church tax applicable to an individual investor please see above under 
“ETC Securities Held by Tax Residents as Private Assets”. If the creditor of the investment income is a 
corporation, certain investment income (in particular capital gains) is exempt from withholding tax (Section 
43 para. 2 sent. 3 no. 1 German Income Tax Act). The same applies to creditors of a different legal form, 
in particular a partnership, if the latter declares to the Paying Agent – using an officially prescribed form – 
that the investment income constitutes business income (Bertriebseinnahmen) of a domestic 
establishment (Section 43 para. 2 sent. 3 no. 2 German Income Tax Act). 
Any German withholding tax (including surcharges) is generally fully creditable against the investor’s 
personal or corporate income tax liability or refundable, as the case may be.  
ETC Securities Held by Non-tax Residents 
Amounts derived from the ETC Securities by holders who are not tax resident in Germany are in general 
non-taxable in Germany, and no withholding tax shall be withheld, unless (i) the ETC Securities are held 
as business assets of a German permanent establishment of the investor or by a permanent German 
representative of the investor, or (ii) the income is paid by a Domestic Paying Agent against presentation 
of the ETC Securities (if applicable) (so-called over-the-counter transaction, Tafelgeschäft). 
If the income derived from the ETC Securities is subject to German taxation according to (i) or (ii) above, 
the income is subject to German income taxation and withholding tax similar to that described above for 
German tax residents. Under certain circumstances, foreign investors may benefit from tax reductions or 
tax exemptions under applicable double tax treaties (Doppelbesteuerungsabkommen) entered into with 
Germany.

--- Page 207 ---
207 
Inheritance and Gift Tax 
The transfer of the ETC Securities to another person by way of gift or inheritance may be subject to German 
gift or inheritance tax, respectively, if inter alia: 
(i) 
the testator, the donor, the heir, the donee or any other acquirer had his residence, habitual abode 
or, in case of a corporation, association (Personenvereinigung) or estate (Vermögensmasse), has 
its seat or place of management in Germany at the time of the transfer of property; or 
(ii) 
except as provided under (i), the testator's or donor's ETC Securities belong to business assets 
attributable to a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in Germany. 
Special regulations may apply to certain German expatriates. 
Prospective investors are urged to consult with their tax advisor to determine the particular inheritance or 
gift tax consequences in light of their particular circumstances. Other Taxes 
No stamp, issue, registration, value added or similar taxes or duties will be payable in Germany in 
connection with the issuance, delivery or execution of the ETC Securities. Under certain circumstances, 
however, entrepreneurs may opt for value added tax with regard to the sale of the ETC Securities to other 
entrepreneurs. Currently, net assets tax (Vermögensteuer) is not levied in Germany. 
Ireland 
The following summary outlines certain aspects of Irish tax law and practice regarding the ownership and 
disposition of ETC Securities. This summary deals only with ETC Securities held beneficially as capital 
assets and does not address special classes of holders of ETC Securities such as dealers in securities. 
This summary is not exhaustive and holders of ETC Securities are advised to consult their own tax advisers 
in respect of the taxation consequences of their ownership or disposition. The comments are made on the 
assumptions that (i) the Issuer is not resident in Ireland for Irish tax purposes, (ii) the Issuer does not carry 
on a trade or business in Ireland through a branch or agency, (iii) the Issuer was not incorporated in Ireland, 
(iv) the ETC Securities are not secured over Irish land or real property and (v) the register for the ETC 
Securities is not maintained in Ireland or (if the ETC Securities are in bearer form) the ETC Securities are 
not physically held in Ireland. The summary is based on current Irish taxation legislation and practice of 
the Irish Revenue Commissioners. 
Irish Withholding Tax 
Under Irish tax law there is no obligation on the Issuer to operate any withholding tax on payments on the 
ETC Securities except where the payment has an Irish source and is either a payment of annual interest 
or an amount treated under Irish law as a payment of annual interest. A payment could be considered to 
have an Irish source, where, for example, it is paid out of funds maintained in Ireland, where the ETC 
Securities are secured on Irish situate assets or where the register for the ETC Securities is maintained in 
Ireland or ETC Securities in bearer form are physically held in Ireland, which it is understood should not 
be the case. The mere offering of the ETC Securities to Irish investors will not cause a payment to have 
an Irish source. 
In certain circumstances collection agents and other persons receiving such payments on the ETC 
Securities in Ireland on behalf of an Irish resident holder of ETC Securities (which is not a company within 
the charge to Irish corporation tax) will be obliged to operate a withholding tax. 
Taxation of Amounts Treated as Income 
The taxation of sums received in respect of the ETC Securities from the Issuer on maturity or buy-back is 
not clear. It is possible that amounts received in excess of the original subscription amount could be 
regarded as income for Irish tax purposes and potentially subject to income or corporation taxes.

--- Page 208 ---
208 
Unless exempted, an Irish resident or ordinarily resident holder of ETC Securities and a non-resident holder 
of ETC Securities holding through an Irish branch or agency will be liable to Irish tax on the amount of 
income (or amounts regarded as income under Irish law, if any) received from the Issuer. Individuals would 
suffer income tax plus potentially pay related social insurance (“PRSI”) and universal social charge 
(“USC”). Corporate investors will suffer corporation tax. Credit against Irish tax on the income (or amounts 
regarded as income under Irish law, if any) received may be available in respect of any foreign withholding 
tax deducted by the Issuer. 
Taxation of Capital Gains 
In the case of a disposal of the securities to an unconnected third party, it is likely that any sums received 
would be regarded as capital receipts and potentially subject to taxes on capital gains. 
Subject to the comments above, Irish resident or ordinarily resident holders of ETC Securities and non-
resident holders of ETC Securities holding ETC Securities through an Irish branch or agency will be liable 
to Irish tax on capital gains on any gains arising on a disposal of ETC Securities. Reliefs and allowances 
may be available in computing the holder’s liability. 
Stamp Duty 
Transfers of ETC Securities should not be subject to Irish stamp duty, provided the transfers do not relate 
to Irish land or buildings or securities of an Irish registered company. 
Capital Acquisitions Tax 
A gift or inheritance comprising of ETC Securities will be within the charge to capital acquisitions tax if 
either (i) the disponer or the donee/successor in relation to the gift or inheritance is resident or ordinarily 
resident in Ireland (or, in certain circumstances, if the disponer is domiciled in Ireland irrespective of his 
residence or that of the donee/successor) or (ii) if the ETC Securities are regarded as property situate in 
Ireland. This tax is charged on gifts and inheritances above a certain threshold determined both by the 
relationship between the disponer and the donee/successor and previous gifts or inheritances received. 
Offshore fund taxation 
While the holding of ETC Securities could potentially be treated as a 'material interest' in an offshore fund 
for the purposes of Chapter 2 of Part 27 of the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997 (the “TCA”) and subject to 
the more onerous tax provisions applicable to offshore funds, the Irish Revenue Commissioners have 
previously released guidance indicating that exchange traded commodities which are generally structured 
as debt instruments will not come within the tax regime for offshore funds but instead will come within 
general tax principles (as to which we refer to above).  
As recommended above, holders of ETC Securities should obtain independent tax advice in relation to the 
tax implications of holding and disposing of ETC Securities. 
Provision of Information 
Holders of ETC Securities should be aware that where any amounts regarded as interest under Irish law 
or other payment on ETC Securities is paid to them by or through an Irish paying agent or collection agent 
then the relevant person may be required to supply the Irish Revenue Commissioners with details of the 
payment and certain details relating to the holder. Where the holder of the ETC Securities is not Irish 
resident, the details provided to the Irish Revenue Commissioners may, in certain cases, be passed by 
them to the tax authorities of the jurisdiction in which the holder is resident for taxation purposes. 
Italy 
With regard to certain innovative or structured financial instruments there is currently no case law as to the 
tax treatment of such financial instruments. Accordingly, it cannot be excluded that the Italian tax authorities

--- Page 209 ---
209 
will change its current view, as specified below, and courts will adopt a view different from that outlined 
below. All of the following is subject to change, which change could apply retroactively and could affect the 
continued validity of this summary. Because it is a general summary, it does not purport to be a complete 
analysis of all tax considerations that may be relevant to the decision to purchase, own or dispose of the 
ETC Securities, nor does it purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of 
prospective beneficial owners of ETC Securities, some of which may be subject to special rules. 
Securityholders should consult their own tax advisors as to the Italian or other tax consequences of the 
purchase, holding and disposition of ETC Securities including, in particular, the application to their specific 
situations of the tax consequences discussed below. 
This summary assumes that the Issuer is not a tax resident nor deemed to be a tax resident of Italy and 
that it has no permanent establishment within the Italian territory. 
Italian corporate and individual income tax 
Provided that the ETC Securities qualify broadly as derivative instruments for the purposes of Italian tax 
law, which they are expected to do, the following consequences apply to a Securityholder pursuant to 
Article 67(1)(c-quarter) of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986, as subsequently amended, 
and according to the Italian tax authority’s Resolution no. 72/E of 12 July 2010.  
According to Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997, where the Italian resident Securityholder 
is: (i) an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the ETC Securities are connected, 
(ii) a non-commercial partnership, (iii) a non-commercial private or public institution, or (iv) an investor 
exempt from Italian corporate income taxation, capital gains realised on the sale or redemption of the ETC 
Securities are subject to a 26 per cent. substitute tax (imposta sostitutiva).  
In this respect, Securityholders who are Italian resident individuals may opt for three different taxation 
regimes (regime della dichiarazione, regime del risparmio amministrato, regime del risparmio gestito). This 
option may result in certain impacts that the prospective investors should consider with their tax advisers. 
In particular, provided that certain conditions are met, the depository is responsible for accounting for 
imposta sostitutiva and is required to pay the relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the 
taxpayer, deducting a corresponding amount from the proceeds to be credited to the Securityholder or 
using funds provided by the Securityholder for this purpose. Under certain conditions, capital losses may 
be deducted from the above-mentioned capital gains. 
Where an Italian resident Securityholder is a company or similar commercial entity, or the Italian permanent 
establishment of a foreign commercial entity to which the ETC Securities are effectively connected, capital 
gains arising from the ETC Securities will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the 
relevant Securityholder’s income tax return and are therefore subject to Italian corporate tax (IRES, 
currently applicable at a rate of 24 per cent.) and, in certain cases, depending on the status of such holder, 
may also have to be included in its taxable base for regional tax purposes (IRAP, currently applicable at a 
rate of 3.9 per cent). The IRAP rate may be increased in certain Italian regions; IRAP rate has also been 
increased by article 23(5) of Law Decree no. 98 of 6 July 2011 to 4.65 per cent. for banks and other 
financial institutions and to 5.9 per cent. for the insurance companies as indicated, respectively, under 
article 6 and article 7 of Legislative Decree no. 446 of 15 December 1997. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Securityholders without a permanent establishment in Italy 
are not subject to Italian taxation, if (i) the ETC Securities are held outside of Italy, (ii) the ETC Securities 
have been deposited in Italy and are traded on a regulated market or (iii) the ETC Securities have been 
deposited in Italy but are not traded on a regulated market and the beneficial owner of proceeds from the 
relevant ETC Securities complies with certain filing requirements and is a resident of a country which is 
included in the list of jurisdictions allowing exchange of information with the Italian tax authorities, as

--- Page 210 ---
210 
provided under the relevant list which is contained in a specific Ministerial Decree, and in the following 
periodical updates. 
Should the ETC Securities be deemed to constitute units in foreign investment funds, proceeds from capital 
deriving from the ETC Securities should be included in the taxable income of the Italian resident recipient 
and may be subject to a 26 per cent. withholding tax applied by Italian resident entities, if any, which 
intervene in the payment of the relevant proceeds as well as in the repurchase or negotiation of the ETC 
Securities. 
Italian inheritance and gift taxes 
Law No. 286 of 24 November 2006, which has converted into law, with amendments, Law Decree No. 262 
of 3 October 2006, has introduced inheritance and gift tax to be paid at the transfer of assets (such as the 
ETC Securities) and rights by reason of death or gift. 
As regards the inheritance and gift tax to be paid at the transfer of the ETC Securities by reason of death 
or gift, the following rates apply: 
(i) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct relatives are subject to a rate of 4 
per cent. on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding € 1,000,000.00 for each transferor; 
(ii) 
transfers in favour of brothers and sisters are subject to a rate of 6 per cent. on the value of the 
inheritance or the gift exceeding € 100,000.00 for each transferor; 
(iii) 
transfers in favour of relatives up to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third degree, are 
subject to a rate of 6 per cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift; 
(iv) 
any other transfer is subject to a rate of 8 per cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift; 
and 
(v) 
transfers in favour of seriously disabled persons are subject to a tax at the relevant rate as described 
above on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding € 1,500,000.00 for each transferor. 
Moreover, an anti-avoidance rule is provided by Law No. 383 of 18 October 2001 for any gift of assets 
(such as the ETC Securities) which, if sold for consideration, would give rise to capital gains subject to the 
imposta sostitutiva provided for by Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997. In particular, if the 
donee sells the ETC Securities for consideration within five years from the receipt thereof as a gift, the 
donee is required to pay the relevant imposta sostitutiva on capital gains as if the gift had never taken 
place. 
Stamp duty 
Pursuant to Article 13, Paragraph 2-ter, of the Tariff Part I Presidential Decree 26 October 1972, No. 642, 
as subsequently amended, a proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to the periodic reporting 
communications sent by financial intermediaries, carrying out their business activity within the Italian 
territory, to their clients for ETC Securities deposited therewith. The stamp duty applies at the current rate 
of 0.2 per cent.; this stamp duty is determined on the basis of the market value or — if no market value 
figure is available — the nominal value or redemption amount of the ETC Securities held. If the client is 
not an individual, the stamp duty cannot be higher than € 14,000.00. 
It may be understood that the stamp duty applies both to Italian resident and non-Italian resident investors, 
to the extent that the ETC Securities are held with an Italian-based financial intermediary. 
Wealth Tax on securities deposited abroad 
Pursuant to Article 19(18) of Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011, converted with amendments by Law 
No. 214 of 22 December 2011, Italian resident individuals, non commercial entities and partnership and

--- Page 211 ---
211 
similar entities holding the ETC Securities outside the Italian territory are required to pay in its own annual 
tax returns an additional tax at the current rate of 0.2 per cent. for each year.  
This tax is calculated on the market value of the ETC Securities at the end of the relevant year or — if no 
market value figure is available — the nominal value or the redemption value of such financial assets held 
outside the Italian territory. Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit equivalent to the amount of any 
wealth tax paid in the State where the financial assets are held (up to an amount equal to the Italian wealth 
tax due). The maximum wealth tax amount due is set at € 14,000.00 per year for taxpayers other than 
individuals. 
Tax Monitoring Obligations 
Italian-resident individuals (and certain other entities) are required to report in their yearly income tax 
return, according to Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted with amendments by Law No. 227 of 
4 August 1990 (“Decree 167”), for tax monitoring purposes, the amount of notes held abroad (or 
beneficially owned abroad under Italian anti-money laundering provisions). This also applies in the case 
that at the end of the tax year, notes are no longer held by the above Italian-resident individuals and 
entities. 
However, the above reporting obligation is not required in case the financial assets are deposited for 
management with Italian banks, SIMs, fiduciary companies or other professional intermediaries, indicated 
in Article 1 of Decree 167, or if one of such intermediaries intervenes as a counterpart in their transfer, 
provided that income deriving from such financial assets is collected thorough the intervention of such an 
intermediary. 
Luxembourg 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for 
Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a tax, duty, 
levy, impost or other charge or withholding of a similar nature refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts 
only. Also, please note that a reference to Luxembourg income tax encompasses corporate income tax 
(impôt sur le revenu des collectivités), municipal business tax (impôt commercial communal), a solidarity 
surcharge (impôt de solidarité), as well as personal income tax (impôt sur le revenu) generally. Investors 
may further be subject to net wealth tax (impôt sur la fortune) as well as other duties, levies or taxes. 
Corporate income tax, municipal business tax as well as the solidarity surcharge invariably apply to most 
corporate taxpayers resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes. Individual taxpayers are generally subject 
to personal income tax and the solidarity surcharge. Under certain circumstances, where an individual 
taxpayer acts in the course of the management of a professional or business undertaking, municipal 
business tax may apply as well. 
Withholding Tax 
Under Luxembourg tax law currently in effect and subject to certain exceptions (as described below), there 
is no Luxembourg withholding tax on payments of default interest (including accrued but unpaid default 
interest), nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon repayment of principal in case of 
reimbursement, redemption, repurchase or exchange of the ETC Securities. 
Under the Luxembourg law dated 23 December 2005, as amended (the “December 2005 Law”), interest 
payments made by paying agents established in Luxembourg (as defined in the December 2005 Law) to 
Luxembourg individual residents are subject to a 20 per cent. withholding tax. Such withholding tax will be 
in full discharge of income tax if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of the management 
of his/her private wealth. Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg 
paying agent.

--- Page 212 ---
212 
In the event of payments under the ETC Securities coming within the scope of the December 2005 Law, 
such payments would at present be subject to withholding tax of 20 per cent.. As no return in respect of 
ETC Securities (whether in the form of cash, on redemption, or as a result of trading) should constitute a 
payment of interest for the purposes of the December 2005 Law, it is not envisaged that withholding tax 
should become due by virtue of the December 2005 Law. 
Income Taxation 
Non-resident Holders of ETC Securities 
A non-resident corporate holder of ETC Securities or a non-resident individual holder of ETC Securities 
acting in the course of the management of a professional or business undertaking, who has a permanent 
establishment or permanent representative in Luxembourg to which such ETC Securities are attributable, 
is subject to Luxembourg income tax on default interest (if any) accrued or received, redemption premiums 
or issue discounts under the ETC Securities and on any gains realised upon the sale or disposal, in any 
form whatsoever, of the ETC Securities. 
Resident Holders of ETC Securities 
A corporate holder of ETC Securities must include any default interest (if any) accrued or received, any 
redemption premium or issue discount, as well as any gain realised on the sale or disposal, in any form 
whatsoever, of the ETC Securities, in its taxable income for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes. 
The same inclusion applies to an individual holder of ETC Securities, acting in the course of the 
management of a professional or business undertaking. 
A holder of ETC Securities that is governed by the law of 11 May 2007 on family estate management 
companies, as amended, or by the law of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for collective investment, 
as amended, or by the law of 13 February 2007 on specialised investment funds as amended or by the 
law of 23 July 2016 on reserved alternative investment funds governed (provided it is not foreseen in the 
incorporation documents that (i) the exclusive object is the investment in risk capital and that (ii) article 48 
of the aforementioned law of 23 July 2016 does not apply), is neither subject to Luxembourg income tax 
in respect of default interest (if any) accrued or received, nor redemption premium or issue discount, nor 
on gains realised on the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the ETC Securities. 
An individual holder of ETC Securities, acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth, 
is subject to Luxembourg income tax in respect of default interest received (if any), redemption premiums 
or issue discounts under the ETC Securities.  
A gain realised by an individual holder of ETC Securities, acting in the course of the management of his/her 
private wealth, upon the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of ETC Securities is not subject to 
Luxembourg income tax, provided this sale or disposal took place more than six months after the ETC 
Securities were acquired. However, any portion of such gain corresponding to accrued but unpaid default 
interest income (if any) is subject to Luxembourg income tax. 
Net Wealth Taxation 
A corporate holder of ETC Securities, whether it is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes or, if not, it 
maintains a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in Luxembourg to which such ETC 
Securities are attributable, is subject to Luxembourg net wealth tax on such ETC Securities, except if the 
holder of ETC Securities is governed by the law of 11 May 2007 on family estate management companies, 
as amended, or by the law of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for collective investment, as amended, 
or by the law of 13 February 2007 on specialised investment funds, or is a securitisation company governed 
by the law of 22 March 2004 on securitisation, as amended, or is a capital company governed by the law 
of 15 June 2004 on venture capital vehicles, as amended or is a reserved alternative investment fund 
governed by the law of 23 July 2016. However, a securitisation company subject to the amended law of

--- Page 213 ---
213 
22 March 2004 and a company subject to the amended law of 15 June 2004 on venture capital vehicles 
are, as from 1 January 2016, subject to a minimum net wealth tax, as are reserved alternative investment 
funds subject to the law of 23 July 2016, provided it is foreseen in the incorporation documents that (i) the 
exclusive object is the investment in risk capital and that (ii) article 48 of the aforementioned law of 23 July 
2016 applies. 
An individual holder of ETC Securities, whether he/she is resident of Luxembourg or not, is not subject to 
Luxembourg net wealth tax on such ETC Securities. 
Other Taxes 
Neither the issuance nor the transfer of ETC Securities will give rise to any Luxembourg stamp duty, value 
added tax, issuance tax, registration tax, transfer tax or similar taxes or duties, unless the documents 
relating to the ETC Securities are voluntarily registered in Luxembourg or appended to a document that 
requires obligatory registration in Luxembourg. 
Where a holder of ETC Securities is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes at the time of his/her death, 
the ETC Securities are included in his/her taxable estate for inheritance tax assessment purposes. 
Gift tax may be due on a gift or donation of ETC Securities if embodied in a Luxembourg deed or recorded 
in Luxembourg.  
The Netherlands 
Where in this paragraph English terms and expressions are used to refer to Dutch concepts, the meaning 
to be attributed to such terms and expressions shall be the meaning to be attributed to the equivalent Dutch 
concepts under Dutch tax law.  
General 
The following summary outlines the principal Netherlands tax consequences of the acquisition, holding, 
settlement, redemption and disposal of the ETC Securities, but does not purport to be a comprehensive 
description of all Netherlands tax considerations in relation thereto. This summary is intended as general 
information only for holders of ETC Securities who are residents or deemed residents of the Netherlands 
for Netherlands tax purposes. Each prospective investor should consult a professional tax adviser with 
respect to the tax consequences of an investment in the ETC Securities. We refer to the transaction 
summary (entitled “Summary of the Programme”) in this Base Prospectus for a description of the key terms 
of the ETC Securities. 
This summary is based on tax legislation, published case law, treaties, regulations and published policy, 
in each case as in force as of the date of this Base Prospectus, and does not take into account any 
developments or amendments thereof after that date whether or not such developments or amendments 
have retroactive effect. 
This summary does not address the Netherlands tax consequences for: 
(i) 
holders of ETC Securities holding a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) or deemed substantial 
interest (fictief aanmerkelijk belang) in the Issuer and holders of ETC Securities of whom a certain 
related person holds a substantial interest in the Issuer. Generally speaking, a substantial interest 
in the Issuer arises if a person, alone or, where such person is an individual, together with his or her 
partner (statutory defined term), directly or indirectly, holds (i) an interest of 5 per cent. or more of 
the total issued capital of the Issuer or of 5 per cent. or more of the issued capital of a certain class 
of shares of the Issuer, (ii) rights to acquire, directly or indirectly, such interest or (iii) certain profit 
sharing rights in the Issuer;

--- Page 214 ---
214 
(ii) 
a holder of ETC Securities which is a taxpayer for the purposes of Netherlands corporate income 
tax, having a participation (deelneming) in the Issuer (such a participation is generally present in the 
case of an interest of at least 5 per cent. of the Issuer’s nominal paid-in capital); 
(iii) 
investment institutions (fiscale beleggingsinstellingen);  
(iv) 
pension funds, exempt investment institution (vrijgestelde fiscale beleggingsinstellingen) or other 
entities that are exempt from Netherlands corporate income tax; and 
(v) 
a holder of ETC Securities that is a corporate entity and a resident of Aruba, Curaçao or Sint 
Maarten. 
Where this summary refers to a holder of ETC Securities, such reference is restricted to a holder holding 
legal title to as well as an economic interest in such ETC Securities. 
For the purpose of the Netherlands tax consequences described herein, it is assumed that the Issuer is 
neither a resident nor deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for Netherlands tax purposes. 
Where this summary refers to the Netherlands, such reference is restricted to the part of the Kingdom of 
the Netherlands that is situated in Europe and the legislation applicable in that part of the Kingdom. 
Netherlands Withholding Tax 
All payments made by the Issuer under the ETC Securities may be made free of withholding or deduction 
for any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by the Netherlands or any 
political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein. 
Netherlands Corporate and Individual Income Tax 
If a holder is a resident or deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for Netherlands tax purposes and 
is fully subject to Netherlands corporate income tax or is only subject to Netherlands corporate income tax 
in respect of an enterprise to which the ETC Securities are attributable, gains realised upon the redemption, 
settlement or disposal of the ETC Securities (and any default interest) are generally taxable in the 
Netherlands (at up to a maximum rate of 25 per cent.). 
If an individual holder is a resident or deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for Netherlands tax 
purposes, gains realised upon the redemption, settlement or disposal of the ETC Securities (and any 
default interest) are taxable at the progressive rates (at up to a maximum rate of 49.50 per cent.) under 
the Netherlands income tax act 2001 (Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001), if: 
(i) 
the holder is an entrepreneur (ondernemer) and has an enterprise to which the ETC Securities are 
attributable or the holder has, other than as a shareholder, a co-entitlement to the net worth of an enterprise 
(medegerechtigde), to which enterprise the ETC Securities are attributable; or 
(ii) 
such gains and default interest (if any) qualify as income from miscellaneous activities (resultaat uit 
overige werkzaamheden), which include the performance of activities with respect to the ETC Securities 
that exceed regular, active portfolio management (normaal, actief vermogensbeheer). 
If the above mentioned conditions (i) and (ii) do not apply to the individual holder of the ETC Securities, 
such holder must record the ETC Securities as assets that are held in box 3 (income from savings and 
investments, Netherlands income tax act 2001 (Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001)). Taxable income with 
regard to the ETC Securities is then determined on the basis of a certain deemed return on the holder’s 
yield basis (rendementsgrondslag) at the beginning of the calendar year insofar the yield basis exceeds a 
€50,000 threshold (heffingvrij vermogen), rather than on the basis of income actually received or gains 
actually realised. Such yield basis is determined as the fair market value of certain qualifying assets held 
by the holder of the ETC Securities, less the fair market value of certain qualifying liabilities at the beginning 
of the calendar year. The fair market value of the ETC Securities will be included as an asset in the holder's

--- Page 215 ---
215 
yield basis. The holder’s yield basis is allocated to up to three brackets for which different deemed returns 
apply. The first bracket includes amounts up to and including €50,000, which amount is split into a 67 per 
cent. low-return part and a 33 per cent. high-return part. The second bracket includes amounts in excess 
of €50,000 and up to and including €950,000, which amount is split into a 21 per cent. low-return part and 
a 79 per cent. high-return part. The third bracket includes amounts in excess of €950,000, which will be 
considered high-return in full. For 2021 the deemed return on the low-return parts is 0.03 per cent. and on 
the high-return parts is 5.69 per cent.. The deemed return percentages will be reassessed every year. The 
deemed return on the holder’s yield basis is taxed at a rate of 31 per cent.. 
Netherlands Gift and Inheritance Tax 
Generally, gift and inheritance tax will be due in the Netherlands in respect of the acquisition of the ETC 
Securities by way of a gift by, or on behalf of, or on the death of, a holder that is a resident or deemed to 
be a resident of the Netherlands for the purposes of Netherlands gift and inheritance tax at the time of the 
gift or his or her death. A gift made under a condition precedent is deemed to be made at the time the 
condition precedent is fulfilled and is subject to Dutch gift and inheritance tax if the donor is, or is deemed 
to be, a resident of the Netherlands at that time. 
A holder of Dutch nationality is deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for the purposes of the 
Netherlands gift and inheritance tax if he or she has been resident in the Netherlands and dies or makes 
a donation within 10 years after leaving the Netherlands. A holder of any other nationality is deemed to be 
a resident of the Netherlands for the purposes of the Netherlands gift tax if he or she has been resident in 
the Netherlands and makes a donation within a 12-month period after leaving the Netherlands. The same 
12-month rule may apply to entities that have transferred their seat of residence out of the Netherlands. 
Netherlands Value Added Tax 
In general, no value added tax will arise in respect of payments in consideration for the issue of the ETC 
Securities or in respect of a cash payment made under the ETC Securities, or in respect of a transfer of 
ETC Securities. 
Other Netherlands Taxes and Duties 
No registration tax, customs duty, transfer tax, stamp duty or any other similar documentary tax or duty will 
be payable in the Netherlands by a holder in respect of or in connection with the subscription, issue, 
placement, allotment, delivery or transfer of the ETC Securities. 
Sweden 
The following summary outlines certain Swedish tax consequences relating to holders of ETC Securities 
that are considered to be resident in Sweden or non-Swedish holders having a permanent establishment 
in Sweden to which the ETC Securities are attributable. The summary is based on the laws of Sweden as 
currently in effect and is intended to provide general information only. Special tax consequences that are 
not described below may also apply for certain categories of taxpayers, including investment companies, 
mutual funds, life insurance companies and ETC Securities held by a partnership or as current assets in a 
business operation. The summary does not address the rules regarding reporting obligations for, among 
others, payers of interest. Credit of foreign taxes is not addressed in the summary. Further, specific tax 
consequences may be applicable if, and to the extent, a holder of ETC Securities realises a capital loss on 
the ETC Securities and to any currency exchange gains or losses. 
Individuals resident in Sweden 
Generally, all capital income (e.g. amounts that are considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes 
and capital gains on ETC Securities) obtained by individuals (and estates of deceased individuals) resident 
in Sweden for tax purposes will be taxable at a rate of 30 per cent.

--- Page 216 ---
216 
If amounts that are considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes are paid by a legal entity domiciled 
in Sweden (or a Swedish branch of a non-Swedish entity) to a private individual (or an estate of a deceased 
individual) resident in Sweden for tax purposes, Swedish preliminary taxes are normally withheld by the 
legal entity on such payments. Swedish preliminary taxes will normally be withheld also on other returns 
on securities and receivables (but not capital gains) paid to an individual, provided such return is paid out 
together with an amount that is considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes. 
A person is resident in Sweden for Swedish tax purposes if the person (a) is domiciled in Sweden; (b) has 
permanently stayed in Sweden; or (c) has been domiciled earlier in Sweden and, after having moved 
abroad, continues to have an essential connection with Sweden. 
Corporations resident in Sweden 
Capital income (including interest and capital gains from a disposal of the ETC Securities) are taxable. The 
taxable capital gain, being the difference between the sale price and the acquisition cost of the ETC 
Securities, is taxed at the corporate tax rate of 20.6 per cent. (the tax rate is 21.4 per cent. for fiscal years 
commencing prior to 1 January 2021). 
Corporations are generally deemed to be resident in Sweden only if they are incorporated in Sweden under 
Swedish corporate laws. 
Switzerland 
Swiss Tax Resident Securityholders 
If the ETC Securities are held as private assets, the ETC Securities should in principle generate capital 
gains exempt from income tax or non-tax deductible capital losses. It can, however, not be ruled out that, 
as a result of the Minimum Redemption Amount, the Swiss tax authorities treat the ETC Securities as a 
product combining a certificate and a structured product, combining bond and option components. In that 
case and provided that the ETC Securities qualify as transparent products within the meaning of the 
practice of the Swiss federal tax administration (which is the case for most structured products), any 
proceeds received by the Securityholders upon sale or redemption of the ETC Securities would have to be 
allocated between the bond and option component of the ETC Securities (with the share of the profit 
attributed to the bond component being characterised as taxable interest income and the share of the profit 
attributed to the option component as tax-exempt capital gain). In addition, default interest (if any) would 
be treated as investment income subject to income tax. 
If the ETC Securities are held as business assets, any profit derived from the ETC Securities in excess of 
their book value is subject to ordinary (individual or corporate) income tax. Contrary to individual income 
tax, corporate income tax is generally a flat tax (the rate of which also varies depending on the cantons 
and commune of seat of the corporation). 
Swiss Withholding Tax 
As per currently applicable laws, payments under the ETC Securities will not be subject to Swiss 
withholding tax (35 per cent.), provided that the Issuer of the ETC Securities is at all times domiciled and 
effectively managed outside of Switzerland and provided that the proceeds from the offering and sale of 
the ETC Securities are used outside of Switzerland. 
On 4 November 2015 the Swiss Federal Council announced a mandate to the Swiss Federal Finance 
Department to institute a group of experts tasked with the preparation of a new proposal for a reform of 
the Swiss withholding tax system. The new proposal includes in respect of interest payments the 
replacement of the existing debtor-based regime by a paying agent-based regime for Swiss withholding 
tax similar to the one published on 17 December 2014 by the Swiss Federal Council and repealed on 24 
June 2015 following the negative outcome of the legislative consultation with Swiss official and private

--- Page 217 ---
217 
bodies. Under such a new paying agent-based regime, if enacted, a paying agent in Switzerland may be 
required to deduct Swiss withholding tax on any payments or any securing of payments of interest in 
respect of a security for the benefit of the beneficial owner of the payment unless certain procedures are 
complied with to establish that the owner of the security is not an individual resident in Switzerland. The 
Swiss Federal Council decided on 26 June 2019 to resume the reform of the withholding tax, which was 
pending until then. The objectives and guidelines of this reform were adopted at this occasion. The purpose 
of the reform is to strengthen the Swiss third-party capital market and extend the withholding tax guarantee 
function at the national level. A draft for consultation was issued in 2020 and the Finance department 
should issue a report to the Federal council in the second quarter of 2021. If enacted, this reform will have 
the effect that payments (after its entry into force) under the ETC Securities corresponding to interest may 
be subject to Swiss withholding tax if made via a Swiss paying agent. 
Stamp Taxes (Issuance Stamp Tax, Securities Transfer Tax) 
The issue of the ETC Securities is not subject to the Swiss federal issuance stamp tax.  
Sale or purchase of ETC Securities may be subject to securities transfer stamp tax (0.3 per cent. in relation 
to foreign securities) if the ETC Securities have to be characterised as structured product, if a Swiss 
securities dealer (e.g. a Swiss bank or broker) is involved as an intermediary or as a counterparty in such 
transactions and if no specific (full or half) exemption is available. Exemptions may be available in relation 
to specific parties (e.g. a half exemption applies in relation to a party qualifying as an exempt investor, e.g. 
collective investment scheme or foreign pension funds) or in relation to specific transactions (e.g. full 
exemption applies in case of redemptions, or in relation to specific types of securities).

--- Page 218 ---
218 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE  
Only Authorised Participants may subscribe for ETC Securities from the Issuer. The Authorised 
Participant(s) in respect of each Series of ETC Securities at the Issue Date of such Series will be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
Securities may be offered to any category of potential investors provided that the offer complies with the 
selling restrictions set out below in this “Subscription and Sale” section (the “Selling Restrictions”). 
This Base Prospectus may not be used in connection with or to offer any ETC Securities (a) listed 
on the official list of any stock exchange and admitted to trading on any market other than those 
listed on the official list of a Stock Exchange in the EEA and admitted to trading on a regulated 
market or main market of a Member State or (b) to investors in the UK. In particular, this Base 
Prospectus does not relate to any ETC Securities listed on any non-EEA stock exchange and 
trading on any non-EEA market such as the London Stock Exchange plc and/or the SIX Swiss 
Exchange or offered to any investors located in the UK. For the avoidance of doubt, the terms and 
conditions of any ETC Securities listed on any non-EEA stock exchange and trading on any non-
EEA market or to be offered in the UK will be set out in a separate document and will be offered 
pursuant to such separate disclosure and/or offering document as may be required by the laws 
applicable to such non-EEA jurisdiction and the rules of the relevant non-EEA exchange). 
Selling Restrictions 
United Kingdom 
Any Authorised Participant offering ETC Securities in the UK shall comply with the restrictions contained 
in the UK Base Prospectus with respect to sales of ETC Securities in the UK. 
United States  
The ETC Securities have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or under the 
securities law of any state or political sub-division of the United States of America or any of its territories, 
possessions or other areas subject to its jurisdiction including the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico 
(collectively, the “United States”). No person has registered nor will register as a commodity pool operator 
of the Issuer under the CEA and the CFTC Rules of the CFTC, and the Issuer has not been and will not 
be registered under any United States federal laws. The ETC Securities are being offered and sold in 
reliance on an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act pursuant to Regulation 
S thereunder (“Regulation S”). 
Accordingly, the ETC Securities may not at any time be offered, sold or otherwise transferred, or if in bearer 
form, delivered, except (i) in an “Offshore Transaction” (as such term is defined under Regulation S) and 
(ii) to, or for the account or benefit of, a Permitted Transferee. 
A “Permitted Transferee” means any person who is not any of: 
(a) 
a U.S. person as defined in Rule 902(k)(1) of Regulation S;  
(b) 
a person who comes within any definition of U.S. person for the purposes of the CEA or any CFTC 
Rule, guidance or order proposed or issued under the CEA (for the avoidance of doubt, any person 
who is not a "Non-United States person" as such term is defined under CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv), 
but excluding, for purposes of subsection (D) thereof, the exception to the extent that it would 
apply to persons who are not “Non-United States persons”, shall be considered a U.S. person); or

--- Page 219 ---
219 
(c) 
a “resident of the United States” for purposes of, and as defined in implementing regulations 
proposed or issued under, Section 13 of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended 
(“BHC Act”). 
Transfers of ETC Securities within the United States or to any person other than a Permitted Transferee 
(a “Non-Permitted Transferee”) are prohibited.  
The foregoing restrictions on the offer, sale or other transfer of ETC Securities to a Non-Permitted 
Transferee may adversely affect the ability of an investor in the ETC Securities to dispose of the ETC 
Securities in the secondary market, if any, and significantly reduce the liquidity of the ETC Securities. As 
a result, the value of the ETC Securities may be materially adversely affected. 
As defined in Rule 902(k)(1) of Regulation S, “U.S. person” means: 
(a) 
any natural person resident in the United States; 
(b) 
any partnership or corporation organized or incorporated under the laws of the United States; 
(c) 
any estate of which any executor or administrator is a U.S. person; 
(d) 
any trust of which any trustee is a U.S. person; 
(e) 
any agency or branch of a foreign entity located in the United States; 
(f) 
any non-discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a dealer 
or other fiduciary for the benefit or account of a U.S. person; 
(g) 
any discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a dealer or 
other fiduciary organized, incorporated, or (if an individual) resident in the United States; and 
(h) 
any partnership or corporation if: 
(i) 
organized or incorporated under the laws of any foreign jurisdiction; and 
(ii) 
formed by a U.S. person principally for the purpose of investing in securities not registered 
under the Securities Act, unless it is organized or incorporated, and owned, by accredited 
investors (as defined in Rule 501(a) Regulation D under the Securities Act who are not 
natural persons, estates or trusts. 
As defined in CFTC Rule 4.7, “Non-United States person” means: 
(a) 
a natural person who is not a resident of the United States; 
(b) 
a partnership, corporation or other entity, other than an entity organized principally for passive 
investment, organized under the laws of a foreign jurisdiction and which has its principal place of 
business in a foreign jurisdiction; 
(c) 
an estate or trust, the income of which is not subject to United States income tax regardless of 
source; 
(d) 
an entity organized principally for passive investment such as a pool, investment company or other 
similar entity; provided, that units of participation in the entity held by persons who do not qualify 
as Non-United States persons or otherwise as qualified eligible persons represent in the aggregate 
less than 10% of the beneficial interest in the entity, and that such entity was not formed principally 
for the purpose of facilitating investment by persons who do not qualify as Non-United States 
persons in a pool with respect to which the operator is exempt from certain requirements of part 4 
of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission’s regulations by virtue of its participants being 
Non-United States persons; and 
(e) 
a pension plan for the employees, officers or principals of an entity organized and with its principal 
place of business outside the United States. 
As modified in the definition of “Permitted Transferee” above, the definition of “Non-United States person” 
excludes for purposes of sub-section (d) above, the exception in the proviso to the extent that it would 
apply to persons who are not “Non-United States persons”. 
As defined in CFTC Rule 23.23 regarding the application of certain swap provisions of the CEA in cross-
border transactions (17 CFR § 23.23), except as provided below, “U.S. person” means:

--- Page 220 ---
220 
(a) 
a natural person resident in the United States; 
(b) 
a partnership, corporation, trust, investment vehicle, or other legal person organized, incorporated, 
or established under the laws of the United States or having its principal place of business in the 
United States; 
(c) 
an account (whether discretionary or non-discretionary) of a U.S. person; or 
(d) 
an estate of a decedent who was a resident of the United States at the time of death. 
For purposes of the definition of “U.S. person” under CFTC Rule 23.23: 
(a) 
“principal place of business” means the location from which the officers, partners, or managers of 
the legal person primarily direct, control, and coordinate the activities of the legal person. With 
respect to an externally managed investment vehicle, this location is the office from which the 
manager of the vehicle primarily directs, controls, and coordinates the investment activities of the 
vehicle. 
 
(b) 
the term “U.S. person” does not include the International Monetary Fund, the International Bank 
for Reconstruction and Development, the Inter-American Development Bank, the Asian 
Development Bank, the African Development Bank, the United Nations, and their agencies and 
pension plans, and any other similar international organizations, and their agencies and pension 
plans. 
As defined in the final regulations issued under Section 13 of the BHC Act, 17 CFR 225.10(d)(8), “resident 
of the United States” means a “U.S. person” as defined in Regulation S.  
Each person who offers, sells or otherwise transfers ETC Securities has exclusive responsibility for 
ensuring that its offer, sale or other transfer is not to, or for the account or benefit of, any person other than 
a Permitted Transferee as such term is defined as of the date of such offer, sale, pledge or other transfer. 
The ETC Securities have not been approved or disapproved by the United States Securities and Exchange 
Commission (“SEC”) or any other regulatory agency in the United States, nor has the SEC or any other 
regulatory agency in the United States passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of this document or the 
merits of the ETC Securities. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence. Furthermore, the 
ETC Securities do not constitute, and have not been marketed as, contracts for the sale of a commodity 
for future delivery (or options thereon) subject to the CEA, and neither trading in the ETC Securities nor 
this document has been approved by the CFTC under the CEA, and no person other than a Permitted 
Transferee may at any time trade or maintain a position in the ETC Securities. 
Each Authorised Participant represents and agrees in the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement that 
it has complied and will comply with the aforementioned transfer and selling restrictions and it will have 
sent to each dealer to which it sells ETC Securities a confirmation or other notice setting forth the above 
restrictions on offers and sales of the ETC Securities. Each Authorised Participant has further represented 
and agreed that it has not offered, sold or, if in bearer form, delivered, and will not at any time offer, sell or, 
if in bearer form, deliver the ETC Securities of any identifiable Tranche except in accordance with Rule 
903 of Regulation S, and that none of it, its affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their behalf have 
engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to such ETC Securities, and it and they 
have complied and will comply with the offering restrictions requirement of Regulation S. Terms used in 
this paragraph have the meanings given to them under Regulation S. 
In addition, under U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the “C Rules”), each Tranche of ETC Securities 
must be issued and delivered outside the United States and its possessions in connection with their original 
issue and any other sale. Each Authorised Participant represents that it has not offered, sold or delivered, 
and agrees that it will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, any ETC Securities of any Tranche 
within the United States or its possessions in connection with their original issue or otherwise. Further, in 
connection with the original issue of any Tranche of ETC Securities or otherwise, each Authorised

--- Page 221 ---
221 
Participant represents that it has not communicated, and agrees that it will not communicate, directly or 
indirectly, with a prospective purchaser if either of such Authorised Participant or such purchaser is within 
the United States or its possessions or otherwise involve such Authorised Participant’s U.S. office in the 
offer or sale of such ETC Securities. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
the Code and regulations thereunder, including the C Rules. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the Prospectus Regulation  
In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Authorised Participant represents 
and agrees in the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement that with effect from and including the date 
of this Base Prospectus, it has not made and will not make an offer of ETC Securities which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the relevant Final Terms to the 
public in that Member State of the EEA (each, a "Relevant Member State"), except that it may, with 
effect from and including the date of this Base Prospectus, make an offer of such ETC Securities to the 
public in that Relevant Member State: 
(i) 
if the applicable Final Terms in relation to the ETC Securities specify that an offer of those ETC 
Securities may be made by the Authorised Participant(s) other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant Member State (a "Non-exempt Offer"), following the date 
of publication of the Base Prospectus in relation to such ETC Securities which has been approved 
by the competent authority in that Relevant Member State or, where appropriate, approved in 
another Relevant Member State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant Member 
State, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the final terms 
contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period 
(if any) beginning and ending on the dates (if any) specified in such prospectus or final terms, as 
applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt 
Offer; 
(ii) 
at any time to a legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(iii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Authorised 
Participant or Authorised Participants appointed by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(iv) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of ETC Securities referred to in paragraphs (ii) to (iv) above shall require 
the Issuer or any Authorised Participant to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the 
Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
For the purposes of the provision above, the expression an “offer of ETC Securities to the public” in relation 
to any ETC Securities in any Relevant Member State means the communication in any form and by any 
means, presenting sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the ETC Securities to be offered so 
as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for those ETC Securities. 
Austria 
Each Authorised Participant represents, warrants and agrees in the relevant Authorised Participant 
Agreement that it has not and will not offer any Bearer Securities to the public in Austria, except that an 
offer of Bearer Securities may be made for the first time in Austria only once a notification to the issue 
calendar 
(Emissionskalender) 
of 
the 
Austrian 
Control 
Bank 
(Oesterreichische 
Kontrollbank 
Aktiengesellschaft), all as prescribed by the Austrian Capital Market Act 2019 (Kapitalmarktgesetz 2019),

--- Page 222 ---
222 
as amended, has been filed as soon as possible prior to the commencement of the relevant offer of Bearer 
Securities. 
Belgium 
Each Authorised Participant has represented and agreed, and each further Authorised Participant 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and 
it will not offer or sell the ETC Securities to, “consumers” within the meaning of the Belgian Code of 
Economic Law (Wetboek van economisch recht/Code de droit économique). 
Ireland 
Each Authorised Participant represents and agrees in the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement that: 
(i) 
it has not and will not underwrite the issue of, or do anything in Ireland in respect of any ETC Securities 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation, the European Union 
(Prospectus) Regulations 2019 and any rules and guidance issued under Section 1363 of the 
Companies Act 2014, of the Irish Companies Act 2014, as amended, by the Central Bank of Ireland; 
(ii) 
it has not and will not underwrite the issue of, or place the ETC Securities, otherwise than in conformity 
with the provisions of European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as 
amended, the “MiFID II Regulations”) including, without limitation, Regulation 5 (Requirement for 
Authorisation (and certain provisions relating to MTFS and OTFS)) thereof, any rules or codes of 
conduct made under the MiFID II Regulations and the provisions of the Investor Compensation Act 
1998 (as amended) (to the extent applicable); 
(iii) 
it has not and will not underwrite the issue of, or place, any ETC Securities, otherwise than in 
conformity with the provisions of the Irish Central Bank Acts 1942-2018 (as amended) and any codes 
of conduct rules made under Section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989 (as amended); 
(iv) 
it has not and will not underwrite the issue of, place or otherwise act in Ireland in respect of any ETC 
Securities, otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU 
596/2014) (as amended), the European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 2016, and any rules 
issued under Section 1370 of the Irish Companies Act 2014, as amended, by the Central Bank of 
Ireland;  
(v) 
to the extent applicable, it has and will comply with all applicable provisions of the Irish Companies 
Act 2014, as amended; and 
(vi) 
no ETC Securities will be offered or sold with a maturity of less than 12 months except in full 
compliance with the Central Bank of Ireland Notice BSD C 01/02 (as amended). 
The Netherlands 
Each Authorised Participant represents, warrants and agrees in the relevant Authorised Participant 
Agreement, and each further Authorised Participant appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent, warrant and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of ETC Securities which are 
outside the scope of approval of this Base Prospectus, as completed by the Final Terms relating thereto, 
to the public in the Netherlands in reliance on Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation unless:  
(i) 
such offer was or is made exclusively to persons or entities which are qualified investors as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation; or

--- Page 223 ---
223 
(ii) 
each such ETC Security has a minimum denomination in excess of EUR 100,000 (or the equivalent 
thereof in non-Euro currency) and subject to compliance with the relevant requirements under the 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
Sweden 
Each Authorised Participant represents and agrees in the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement, that, 
in Sweden, this Base Prospectus will not be used directly or indirectly, for an offer for subscription or 
purchase or to issue invitations to subscribe for or purchase interests in the ETC Securities or to be 
distributed, whether as a draft or final document in relation to any such offer, invitation or sale unless in 
compliance with any applicable provisions of the Prospectus Regulation (2017/1129/EU, as amended). 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Authorised Participants 
following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification may be set out in a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus if required. 
None of the Issuer or any Authorised Participant represents that the ETC Securities may at any time 
lawfully be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or 
pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
Each Authorised Participant agrees in the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement that it will, to the best 
of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it 
purchases, offers, sells or delivers ETC Securities or has in its possession or distributes this Base 
Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and neither the Issuer nor any other Authorised 
Participant shall have responsibility therefor.

--- Page 224 ---
224 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS1  
Form of Final Terms for ETC Securities  
Final Terms dated [●] 
DB ETC INDEX PLC (the “Issuer”) 
[Series [●] up to [●][●] ETC Securities due [●] issued under its Secured ETC Index Linked Securities 
Programme (the “ETC Securities”)] 
[Issue of [●] being the Tranche Number [●] of Series [●][●] ETC Securities due [●] issued under its 
Secured ETC Index Linked Securities Programme (the “ETC Securities”)] 
[Series [●][●] ETC Securities due [●] issued under its Secured ETC Index Linked Securities 
Programme (the “ETC Securities”)] 
Part A – Contractual Terms 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in 
the Base Prospectus dated 21 April 2021 (as amended) [as supplemented from time to time] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129) (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document constitutes the final terms of the ETC 
Securities described herein for the purposes of Article 8.4 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read 
in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [(as so supplemented)]. A summary of the individual issue is 
annexed to the Final Terms. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the ETC Securities is only 
available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base 
Prospectus [and the Supplement to the Base Prospectus] and the Final Terms for each issue are available 
for viewing on the website maintained on behalf of the Issuer at https://etc.dws.com/GBR/ENG/Downloads, 
at the registered office of the Issuer and at the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent and copies 
may be obtained from the offices of each Paying Agent. A summary of the individual issue is annexed to 
the Final Terms.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in 
the Base Prospectus dated 21 April 2021 [as supplemented from time to time]. This document constitutes 
the Final Terms of the ETC Securities described herein for the purposes of Article 8.4 of the Prospectus 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129) (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and must be read in conjunction 
with the Base Prospectus dated 21 April 2021 [and the supplemental Prospectus dated [●], which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. A summary of the individual 
issue is annexed to the Final Terms. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the ETC Securities is 
only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus dated 21 
April 2021 [and the supplemental Prospectus dated [●]]. [The Base Prospectus [and the supplemental 
Prospectus[es]] and the Final Terms for each issue are available for viewing on the website maintained on 
behalf of the Issuer at https://etc.dws.com/GBR/ENG/Downloads, at the registered office of the Issuer and 
at the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent and copies may be obtained from the offices of each 
Paying Agent.] A summary of the individual issue is annexed to the Final Terms.] 
[The ETC Securities of this Series may also be listed on the official list of a stock exchange and admitted 
to trading on an exchange other than those listed in these Final Terms, but any such listing or admission 
to trading will be on the basis of a separate Final Terms prepared in connection therewith and which shall 
 
1 [In the event the Form of Final Terms are used to constitute the final terms in respect of ETC Securities listed on a non-EEA stock 
exchange and admitted to trading on a non-EEA market (a “Non-EEA Listing”), all references to the Prospectus Regulation and 
related terms required by the Prospectus Regulation shall be deleted from the Form of Final Terms.]

--- Page 225 ---
225 
be identical to these Final Terms save for the information relating to listing and the associated disclosure 
and/or offering documents.] 
1 
 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche 
Number 
(where 
applicable): 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
2 
 
Specified Currency: 
[USD]/[EUR]/[●] 
3 
 
Principal financial centre for the 
Specified Currency: 
[●]/[Any city in which banks in general have access to the 
TARGET System] 
4 
 
Aggregate Number of ETC 
Securities: 
 
 
(i) 
Of Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Of Tranche (if different): 
[●]/[Not applicable] 
5 
 
Issue Price per ETC Security: 
 
 
(i) 
As at Series Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Of 
Tranche 
(where 
applicable): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
6 
 
(i) 
Series Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Issue Date of Tranche (if 
different from Series Issue 
Date and where applicable): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) Subscription Trade Date of 
Tranche (where applicable): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) Date 
on 
which 
Board 
approval for issuance of ETC 
Securities obtained: 
[●]  
7 
 
Scheduled Maturity Date: 
[●] (unless such date is not a Scheduled Valuation Day, in 
which case that date will be the first following day that is a 
Scheduled Valuation Day). 
8 
 
Index: 
[●] 
9 
 
Index Sponsor: 
[●] as at the [Series Issue Date]/[Issue Date]/[date of these 
Final Terms] 
TRANSACTION PARTIES 
 
 
 
 
10 
 
Swap Calculation Agent: 
[Deutsche 
Bank 
AG]/[●] 
and 
any 
successor 
or 
replacement thereto. 
11 
 
Authorised Participant(s): 
(i) As at the Series Issue Date: 
[Deutsche Bank AG, [●]]/[●]. 
(ii) Any Eligible Authorised Participant that is appointed 
as an Authorised Participant for this Series of ETC 
Securities 
under 
the 
Authorised 
Participant 
Agreement by acceding to the Issue Deed and the

--- Page 226 ---
226 
Authorised Participant Agreement, and any successor 
or replacement thereto. 
12 
 
Paying Agent(s): 
The Issuing and Paying Agent, [●][ and [●]][ and the 
German 
Paying 
Agent], 
and 
any 
successor 
or 
replacement thereto. 
13 
 
German Paying Agent(s): 
[[Deutsche Bank AG, Frankfurt, [●]]/[●] and any successor 
or replacement Paying Agent appointed under the Agency 
Agreement.] / [Not applicable] 
14 
 
Registrar: 
[[Computershare Investor Services (Jersey) Limited, 
[●]]/[●] and any successor or replacement thereto.]/[Not 
Applicable] 
15 
 
Transfer Agent: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]. 
16 
 
Eligible Authorised Participant 
Threshold Rating: 
[●] by [Fitch][Moody’s][S&P].  
17 
 
Eligible Counterparty Threshold 
Rating: 
[●] by [Fitch][Moody’s][S&P].  
18 
 
Eligible Custodian Threshold 
Rating: 
[●] by [Fitch][Moody’s][S&P].  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
19 
 
Final Redemption Valuation Date: 
Expected to be [●]. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO FEES 
20 
 
Collateral Fee Percentage: 
 
 
(i) 
Collateral Fee Percentage 
relating to Gold: 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Collateral Fee Percentage 
relating to Eligible Financial 
Instruments: 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) Maximum 
Collateral 
Fee 
Percentage 
for 
Eligible 
Financial Instruments: 
[●]  
21 
 
Gold Spread: 
 
 
(i) 
Gold Spread: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Maximum Gold Spread: 
[●]  
22 
 
Lease Rate: 
[●] 
23 
 
Product Fee Percentage: 
 
 
(i) 
Product Fee Percentage: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Product 
Fee 
Percentage: 
[●] per cent. per annum  
24 
 
Swap Replication Fee 
Percentage: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Swap 
Replication 
Fee 
Percentage: 
[●] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 227 ---
227 
 
(ii) 
Maximum Swap Replication 
Fee Percentage: 
[[●] per cent. per annum]/[0.0 per cent. per annum] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE SWAP TRANSACTION AND POSTED COLLATERAL 
25 
 
Initial Swap Term: 
[50 years]/[●] 
26 
 
Posted Collateral as at Series 
Issue Date: 
[Gold]/[Eligible Financial Instruments] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO MASTER TERMS 
27 
 
Version number and date of 
relevant version of: 
 
 
(i) 
Master Agency Terms: 
[Master Agency Terms: version number [●], dated [●] 
relating to the Programme.] / 
 
 
[Master Agency Terms for Uncertificated Registered 
Securities: version number [●], dated [●] relating to the 
Programme.] 
 
(ii) 
Master Authorised 
Participant Terms: 
Version number [●], dated [●] relating to the Programme. 
 
(iii) Master Custody Terms: 
Version number [●], dated [●] relating to the Programme. 
 
(iv) Master Determination Agent 
Terms: 
Version number [●], dated [●] relating to the Programme. 
 
(v) Master Security Terms: 
Version number [●], dated [●] relating to the Programme. 
 
(vi) Master Swap and Credit 
Support Terms: 
Version number [●], dated [●] relating to the Programme. 
 
(vii) Master 
Terms 
and 
Conditions: 
Version number [●], dated [●] relating to the Programme. 
 
(viii) Master Trust Terms: 
[Master Trust Terms for Bearer Securities: Applicable 
Version number [●] dated [●] relating to the Programme.] 
/[Master Trust Terms for Uncertificated Registered 
Securities: Applicable Version number [●] dated [●] 
relating to the Programme.] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE ETC SECURITIES 
28 
 
Form of ETC Securities: 
[Bearer Securities: Applicable 
[NGN form: Applicable]/[CGN form: Applicable] 
 
 
Global Security which is exchangeable for Definitive 
Security in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Global Security] 
/ 
 
 
[Uncertificated Registered Securities: Applicable] 
[LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING APPLICATION 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required to list and have admitted to trading the issue of ETC 
Securities described herein pursuant to the Secured ETC Index Linked Securities Programme.]

--- Page 228 ---
228 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: ............................................ 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 229 ---
229 
 
Part B – Other Information 
1 
LISTING 
 
 
(i) 
Listing and admission to 
trading: 
[Application has been made for the ETC Securities to be 
admitted 
to the 
official list of [the London Stock 
Exchange]/[and/or 
Euronext 
Paris]/[ 
and/or 
Euronext 
Amsterdam]/[ and/or Frankfurt Stock Exchange]/[ and/or 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange]/[ and/or Borsa Italiana]/[ and/or 
OMX Nordic Exchange]/[and/or Euronext Dublin]/[ and/or SIX 
Swiss Exchange] and for the ETC Securities to be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market(s) and/or main market(s) 
thereof with effect from or around [●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Relevant Stock Exchange(s): 
[[the London Stock Exchange]/[and/or Euronext Paris]/[ 
and/or Euronext Amsterdam]/[ and/or Frankfurt Stock 
Exchange]/[ and/or Luxembourg Stock Exchange]/[ and/or 
Borsa Italiana]/[ and/or OMX Nordic Exchange]/[and/or 
Euronext Dublin]/[ and/or SIX Swiss Exchange].] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(iii) Estimate of total net proceeds 
of the issue: 
[●]  
 
(iv) Estimate 
of 
the 
total 
expenses of the issue: 
[GBP 5,000]/[●]  
 
(v) Estimate of total expenses 
related 
to 
admission 
to 
trading: 
[GBP 2,000]/[●]  
2 
RATINGS: 
 
 
Ratings: 
[Not Applicable] 
[The ETC Securities to be issued [have been]/[are expected 
to be] rated [[●] by S&P][[●] by Moody’s][[●] by Fitch].] 
 
3 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
[Save as discussed in “Subscription and Sale”, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in 
the offer of the ETC Securities has an interest material to the offer.] / [●] 
4 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[See section headed “Reasons for the Offer and Use of 
Proceeds” in the Base Prospectus.]/[●] 
5 
PERFORMANCE OF INDEX OR INDICES AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING THE 
INDEX OR INDICES 
 
Summary of the Index 
[Details of the past and further performance and volatility of the Index can be obtained from 
[www.etc.dws.com]/[●].] 
[Deutsche Bank’s disclaimer 
Although the Index Sponsor will obtain information for inclusion in or for use in the calculation of the 
Index from source(s) which the Index Sponsor considers reliable, the Index Sponsor will not

--- Page 230 ---
230 
independently verify such information and does not guarantee the accuracy and / or the 
completeness of the Index or any data included therein. The Index Sponsor shall not be liable 
(whether in negligence or otherwise) to any person for any error in the Index and the Index Sponsor 
is under no obligation to advise any person of any error therein. Unless otherwise specified, no 
transaction relating to the Index is sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the Index Sponsor and 
the Index Sponsor makes no express or implied representations or warranties as to (a) the 
advisability of purchasing or assuming any risk in connection with any such transaction (b) the levels 
at which the Index stands at any particular time on any particular date (c) the results to be obtained 
by the issuer of any security or any counterparty or any such issuer's security holders or customers 
or any such counterparty's customers or counterparties or any other person or entity from the use of 
the Index or any data included therein in connection with any licensed rights or for any other use or 
(d) any other matter. The Index Sponsor makes no express or implied representations or warranties 
of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose with respect to the Index or any data included 
therein. Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall the Index Sponsor have any liability 
(whether in negligence or otherwise) to any person for any direct, indirect, special, punitive, 
consequential or any other damages (including lost profits) even if notified of the possibility of such 
damages.] / [●] 
6 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
SEDOL: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
WKN: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Relevant Clearing System: 
[CREST][Euroclear][Clearstream, Frankfurt][Clearstream, 
Luxembourg][●] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against]/[free of] payment 
 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes]/[No] 
 
7 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF 
THE OFFER 
 
 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price]/[●] 
 
Conditions to which the offer is 
subject: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
Description of the time period, 
including 
any 
possible 
amendments, during which the 
offer will be open and description 
of the application process: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and 
manner for 
refunding excess amount paid by 
applicants: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum amount of application: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
Details of the method and time 
limits for paying up and delivering 
the ETC Securities: 
[Not Applicable]/[●]

--- Page 231 ---
231 
 
Manner in and date on which 
results of the offer are to be made 
public: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
Procedure for exercise of any right 
of pre-emption, negotiability of 
subscription rights and treatment 
of 
subscription 
rights 
not 
exercised: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
Tranche(s) which has/have been 
reserved for certain countries: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
Process 
for 
notification 
to 
applicants of the amount allotted 
and the indication whether dealing 
may begin before notification is 
made: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
Amount of any expenses and 
taxes specifically charged to the 
subscriber or purchaser: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
Name(s) and address(es), to the 
extent known to the Issuer, of the 
placers in the various countries 
where the offer takes place: 
[None]/[●]

--- Page 232 ---
232 
Annex – Issue Specific Summary 
[Issue specific summary to be inserted]

--- Page 233 ---
233 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations (if any) which are necessary 
in Jersey at the date of the Base Prospectus in connection with the establishment and update of the 
Programme. The most recent update of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the board of 
directors of the Issuer passed on 15 April 2021. 
2 
There has been no significant change in the financial position of the Issuer or financial performance of the 
group and no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer, in each case, 
since 31 December 2020. 
3 
There are no, nor have there been any, governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), during the 12 months 
preceding the date of the Base Prospectus, which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant 
effects on the Issuer’s financial position or profitability. 
4 
The ETC Securities represent indebtedness of the Issuer. ETC Securities may be accepted for clearance 
through any Clearing System including CREST, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and Clearstream 
Banking, Frankfurt (which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). ETC Securities will be cleared 
through the Relevant Clearing System in whole numbers of ETC Securities only (for these purposes an 
ETC Security may be referred to as a unit by the relevant Clearing System).  
The Common Code and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) 
the CUSIP and CINS number and PORTAL system and identification number for each Series of ETC 
Securities will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.  
The address for CREST is Euroclear UK and Ireland Limited, 33 Cannon Street, London, EC4M 5SB.  
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium.  
The address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy L-1855 Luxembourg.  
The address of Clearstream Banking, Frankfurt is Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, Germany.  
The address for SIX Swiss Exchange SA is Pfingstweidstrasse 110, CH-8005 Zurich.  
The address of any other Clearing System that is a Relevant Clearing System for a Series of ETC 
Securities will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
5 
The Issue Price of, and the number of ETC Securities comprising, each Tranche of ETC Securities will be 
determined before filing of the relevant Final Terms. Save as otherwise provided in Condition 9(d) the 
Issuer will provide post-issuance information in relation to the Value per ETC Security of the ETC Securities 
in respect of each Scheduled Valuation Day by no later than 16:00 London time on the immediately 
following Scheduled Valuation Day on the website maintained on behalf of the Issuer at www.etc.dws.com 
(or such other website as may be notified to Securityholders in accordance with Condition 19). 
6 
For so long as ETC Securities may be issued pursuant to the Base Prospectus and for so long as any 
listed ETC Securities remain outstanding, the documents specified below will be available at 
www.etc.dws.com (or such other website as may be notified to Securityholders): 
(a) 
the Base Prospectus; 
(b) 
the Master Trust Terms (which include the forms of the Global Securities and the Definitive 
Securities); 
(c) 
the up to date Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Issuer; and

--- Page 234 ---
234 
(d) 
the Report and Financial Statements of the Issuer for the period from 1 January 2019 to 31 
December 2019 and the Report and Financial Statements of the Issuer for the period from 1 January 
2020 to 31 December 2020. 
7 
For so long as ETC Securities may be issued pursuant to the Base Prospectus (in respect of paragraphs 
7.1 to 7.12) and for so long as any listed ETC Securities remain outstanding, the current version of each 
of the documents specified below (together with all earlier versions of such documents to the extent that 
there are ETC Securities of any Series outstanding in respect of which the version in question of such 
document is still relevant) will be available in physical format, during usual business hours on any weekday 
(Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted), for inspection at the registered office of the Issuer and 
at the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent and at www.etc.dws.com (or such other website as 
may be notified to Securityholders): 
(a) 
the Master Terms and Conditions; 
(b) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement hereto; 
(c) 
the Report and Financial Statements of the Issuer for the period from 1 January 2019 to 31 
December 2019 and the Report and Financial Statements of the Issuer for the period from 1 January 
2020 to 31 December 2020;  
(d) 
each set of Final Terms; and 
(e) 
such other documents (if any) as may be required by the rules of any Relevant Stock Exchange. 
8 
The Issuer has prepared audited financial statements for the periods from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 
2019 and from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020. Such financial statements are incorporated by 
reference into and shall form part of this Base Prospectus.  
9 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in relation 
to the ETC Securities and is not itself seeking admission of the ETC Securities to the Official List of 
Euronext Dublin or to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
10 
Where the Final Terms indicate that a Series of ETC Securities is “Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility”, such designation simply means that the ETC Securities are intended 
upon issue to be deposited with one of the ICDSs as common safekeeper and does not necessarily mean 
that the ETC Securities will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied of Eurosystem eligibility. 
11 
Any websites included in the Base Prospectus is for information purposes only and does not form part of 
the Base Prospectus unless incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus and has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
12 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law.

--- Page 235 ---
235 
 
GLOSSARY 
1998 Law .......................................................... 187 
2007 Law .......................................................... 187 
Accrued Fee ....................................................... 70 
Additional Swap Termination Event ................... 70 
adjourned meeting ........................................... 157 
Adjustment Event ............................................... 70 
Adjustment Event Notice .................................... 70 
Adjustment Terms Notice ................................... 70 
Affiliate ............................................................... 70 
after costs ........................................................... 67 
Agency Agreement ............................................. 71 
agent ................................................................ 154 
Agent .................................................................. 71 
Agent Redemption Event ................................... 71 
Agent Redemption Event Notice ........................ 71 
Agents ................................................................ 71 
AP Bid Price Event ............................................. 71 
AP Redemption Event ........................................ 71 
AP Redemption Event Notice ............................. 71 
Appointee ........................................................... 71 
Arranger ............................................................. 71 
Arranger Bankruptcy Event ................................ 71 
Authorised Distributor ........................................... 6 
Authorised Participant ........................................ 71 
Authorised Participant Agreement ..................... 72 
Authorised Participant Bankruptcy Event ........... 72 
Automatic Additional Swap Termination Event .. 72 
Average Redemption Closing Index Level ......... 72 
Bank ................................................................... 72 
Base Currency ................................................... 72 
Base Currency Equivalent .................................. 72 
Base Prospectus .................................................. 1 
Base Weight ....................................................... 67 
Bearer Securities ................................................ 72 
Bid Price Request Event .................................... 72 
Bid Price Request Notice ................................... 72 
Bid Price Request Period End Date ................... 72 
block voting instruction ..................................... 154 
Buy-Back Order .................................................. 72 
Buy-Back Redemption Amount .......................... 72 
Buy-Back Settlement Date ................................. 72 
Buy-Back Trade Date ......................................... 73 
Certification Date .............................................. 186 
CGN ................................................................... 73 
Change to Tax Event ......................................... 73 
Change To Tax Event ...................................... 114 
Clearing System ................................................. 73 
Clearing System Business Day .......................... 73 
Clearstream, Frankfurt ....................................... 73 
Clearstream, Luxembourg .................................. 73 
Closing Index Level ............................................ 73 
Closing Index Valuation Period .......................... 73 
Collateral Fee Percentage ................................. 73 
Collateral Switch Date ........................................ 73 
Commodity Futures Trading Commission .......... 73 
Commodity Regulatory Body ............................. 73 
Commodity Sub-Indices Basket Index ............... 65 
Component ......................................................... 73 
Component Commodity Reference Price ........... 73 
Conditions ........................................................... 73 
control ................................................................. 71 
Corporate Administrator ...................................... 73 
Credit Support Deed ........................................... 73 
Credit Support Document ................................... 74 
Credit Support Provider ...................................... 74 
CREST ................................................................ 74 
CSD Valuation Agent .......................................... 74 
Custodian............................................................ 74 
Custodian Bankruptcy Event .............................. 74 
Custody Agreement ............................................ 74 
daycount ............................................................. 69 
December 2005 Law......................................... 211 
Definitive Securities ............................................ 74 
delivery month .................................................... 65 
Determination Agent ........................................... 74 
Determination Agent Agreement ........................ 74 
Determination Agent Bankruptcy Event .............. 74 
Determination Agent Bankruptcy Event Notice... 75 
Determination Agent Breach............................... 75 
Deutsche Bank ................................................. 189 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch ................... 75 
Deutsche Bank Group ...................................... 189 
Disappearance of Component Commodity 
Reference Price .............................................. 75 
Disruption Event ................................................. 75 
Disruption Event Notice ...................................... 75 
Early Redemption Amount .................................. 75 
Early Redemption Date....................................... 75 
Early Redemption Event ..................................... 75 
Early Redemption Valuation Date ....................... 75 
Eligible Authorised Participant ............................ 75 
Eligible Authorised Participant Threshold Rating 75 
Eligible Collateral ................................................ 75 
Eligible Counterparty .......................................... 76 
Eligible Counterparty Threshold Rating .............. 76 
Eligible Custodian ............................................... 76 
Eligible Custodian Threshold Rating................... 76 
Eligible Financial Instruments ............................. 76 
Employee Benefit Plan ....................................... 76 
ERISA ................................................................... 9 
ETC Securities ...................................................... 1 
ETC Securities Swap Redemption Event ........... 76 
EUI ...................................................................... 76 
Euroclear ............................................................ 76 
Event of Default .................................................. 76 
Event of Default Redemption Notice ................... 76 
Excess Credit Support Property ......................... 76 
Exchange Date ................................................... 76 
Extended Swap Term ......................................... 76 
Extraordinary Resolution .................................... 76 
Fee Calculation Reset Day ................................. 77 
Final Redemption Amount .................................. 77 
Final Redemption Valuation Date ....................... 77 
Final Terms ........................................................... 1

--- Page 236 ---
236 
financial services company .............................. 186 
Fitch ..................................................................... 4 
future curve ........................................................ 65 
General Business Day ....................................... 77 
German Paying Agent ........................................ 77 
Global Security ................................................... 77 
GOFO ................................................................. 77 
Gold .................................................................... 77 
Gold Price .......................................................... 77 
Gold Spread ....................................................... 77 
Hedged Index ..................................................... 66 
Hedging Disruption Event .................................. 77 
holder ................................................................. 77 
implied roll yield .................................................. 69 
Index .................................................................. 77 
Index Cancellation Disruption Event .................. 77 
Index Cancellation No Successor Notice ........... 77 
Index Cancellation Redemption Event ............... 77 
Index Disruption ................................................. 77 
Index Sponsor .................................................... 77 
Initial Early Redemption Event ........................... 77 
Initial Swap Term ............................................... 77 
Investor’s Currency ............................................ 30 
Issue Date .......................................................... 77 
Issue Deed ......................................................... 78 
Issue Price per ETC Security ............................. 78 
Issuer ................................................................... 1 
Issuer Administration Agreement ....................... 78 
Issuer Call Notice Period .................................... 78 
Issuer Call Redemption Event ............................ 78 
Issuer Call Redemption Notice ........................... 78 
Issuer Change in Law or Regulation Redemption 
Event .............................................................. 78 
Issuer Delegation Agreement ............................. 78 
Issuer Redemption Notice .................................. 78 
Issuer Series Fees and Expenses ..................... 78 
Issuer Swap Event of Default ............................. 78 
Issuing and Paying Agent .................................. 78 
Jersey Property Profits ..................................... 187 
KMG ................................................................. 221 
Law ................................................................... 186 
LBMA ................................................................. 78 
Lead Authorised Participant ............................... 78 
Lease Rate ......................................................... 78 
LIBOR Rate ........................................................ 78 
Limit Price Event ................................................ 79 
Liquidation Agent ............................................... 79 
London Business Day ........................................ 79 
Loss .................................................................... 79 
Master Agency Terms ........................................ 79 
Master Agency Terms for Uncertificated 
Registered Securities ..................................... 79 
Master Authorised Participant Terms ................. 79 
Master Custody Terms ....................................... 79 
Master Determination Agent Terms ................... 79 
Master Security Terms ....................................... 79 
Master Swap and Credit Support Terms ............ 79 
Master Terms and Conditions ............................ 79 
Master Trust Terms ............................................ 79 
Maximum Collateral Fee Percentage for Eligible 
Financial Instruments ..................................... 79 
Maximum Gold Spread ....................................... 79 
Maximum Product Fee Percentage .................... 79 
Maximum Swap Replication Fee Percentage ..... 79 
Minimum Redemption Amount ........................... 79 
Moody’s ................................................................ 4 
Multiple Commodity Index .................................. 65 
New York Business Day ..................................... 79 
NGN .................................................................... 80 
Non-Disrupted Scheduled Valuation Day ........... 80 
Non-Trading Day Disruption ............................... 80 
Notification ............................................................ 3 
Obligor ................................................................ 80 
Observation Date ................................................ 80 
OECD ................................................................. 80 
Original Credit Support ....................................... 80 
Other Creditor ..................................................... 80 
Other Currency ................................................... 80 
Other Issuer Obligation ....................................... 80 
Other Issuer Obligations ..................................... 80 
outstanding (actual) ............................................ 80 
outstanding (adjusted) ........................................ 81 
outstanding (pending) ......................................... 82 
Partial Early Termination Amount ....................... 82 
Partial Early Termination Amount Remedy End 
Date ................................................................. 82 
participating securities ........................................ 82 
Paying Agents..................................................... 82 
Payment Business Day ....................................... 82 
Posted Collateral ................................................ 82 
Posted Collateral Substitution Notice ................. 83 
Potential Event of Default ................................... 83 
Price Source ....................................................... 83 
Principal .............................................................. 83 
Proceedings ........................................................ 83 
Product Fee ........................................................ 83 
Product Fee Percentage ..................................... 83 
Programme ........................................................... 1 
Programme Maximum Number of ETC Securities
 ........................................................................ 83 
Programme Proposal Agreement ....................... 83 
Programme Swap Counterparty ......................... 83 
Programme Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event
 ........................................................................ 83 
Programme Swap Counterparty Breach ............. 83 
Prospectus Regulation.......................................... 3 
proxy ................................................................. 156 
Publication Event Redemption Notice ................ 83 
Publication Failure Event .................................... 83 
Publication Redemption Event............................ 83 
Rating Agencies.................................................. 83 
Rating Agency .................................................... 83 
Register .............................................................. 84 
Registrar ............................................................. 84 
Relevant Clearing System .................................. 84 
Relevant Component Price ................................. 84 
Relevant Date ..................................................... 84 
Relevant Member State .................................... 221 
Relevant Provisions ............................................ 84 
Relevant Stock Exchange................................... 84 
Relevant Trading Facility .................................... 84 
representative ................................................... 162

--- Page 237 ---
237 
Reserve Trust Account ....................................... 84 
RIS ..................................................................... 84 
RNS .................................................................... 84 
S&P ...................................................................... 4 
Scheduled Final Redemption Valuation Date .... 77 
Scheduled Maturity Date .................................. 106 
Scheduled Swap Redemption Event ................ 109 
Scheduled Valuation Day ................................... 84 
Secondary Early Redemption Event .................. 84 
Secured Agent Rights ........................................ 84 
Secured Assets .................................................. 84 
Secured Creditor ................................................ 85 
Secured Issuer Obligation .................................. 85 
Secured Issuer Obligations ................................ 85 
Secured Property ............................................... 85 
Secured Swap Rights ......................................... 85 
Security .............................................................. 85 
Security Deed ..................................................... 85 
Securityholder .................................................... 85 
Securityholder Notice and Direction ................... 85 
Selling Restrictions ........................................... 218 
Series ................................................................. 85 
Series Fee .......................................................... 85 
Series Issue Date ............................................... 85 
Series Overheads .............................................. 85 
Similar Law ......................................................... 10 
Single Commodity Index .................................... 65 
special quorum resolution ................................ 155 
Specified Currency ............................................. 86 
specified office ................................................... 86 
Spot Contract ..................................................... 69 
Stock Exchange ................................................... 3 
Sub-Custodian ................................................... 86 
Sub-Custody Agreement .................................... 86 
Subscription Order ............................................. 86 
Subscription Settlement Amount ........................ 86 
Subscription Settlement Date ............................. 86 
Subscription Trade Date .................................... 86 
Substitute Credit Support ................................... 86 
Substituted Obligor ............................................. 86 
Successor Index ................................................. 86 
Suspension Event .............................................. 86 
Swap Agreement ................................................ 87 
Swap Agreement Redemption Event .................. 87 
Swap Agreement Tax Event ............................... 87 
Swap Calculation Agent...................................... 87 
Swap Counterparty ............................................. 87 
Swap Counterparty Default Redemption Notice . 87 
Swap Counterparty Event of Default .................. 87 
Swap Counterparty Termination Event ............... 87 
Swap Early Termination Date ............................. 87 
Swap Optional Termination Exercise Notice .... 113 
Swap Replication Fee Percentage ..................... 87 
Swap Transaction ............................................... 87 
Swap Unwind Costs ............................................ 87 
TARGET Settlement Day .................................... 87 
TARGET System ................................................ 87 
Tax ...................................................................... 87 
Tax Affected Party .............................................. 88 
Tax Event Redemption Event ............................. 88 
Tax Event Redemption Notice ............................ 88 
Tax Event Transfer Period End Date .................. 88 
Tax Event Transfers ........................................... 88 
Termination for Breach ....................................... 88 
Termination for Cause ........................................ 88 
Trading Disruption .............................................. 88 
Tranche ............................................................... 88 
Transaction Document ........................................ 88 
Transaction Documents ...................................... 88 
Transaction Party ................................................ 88 
Transfer Agent .................................................... 88 
Transfer Agreement Cut-Off Date ....................... 88 
Trust Deed .......................................................... 88 
Trustee ................................................................ 88 
Uncertificated Registered Securities................... 89 
Uncertificated Regulations .................................. 89 
Unhedged Index ................................................. 66 
Valuation Percentage ......................................... 89 
Value ................................................................. 169 
Value per ETC Security ...................................... 89 
Value per ETC Security Threshold Level............ 89 
Value per ETC Security Threshold Level Notice 89 
Value per ETC Security Threshold Redemption 
Event ............................................................... 89 
voting certificate ................................................ 154 
zero tax rating ................................................... 186

--- Page 238 ---
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
St. Paul’s Gate 
4th Floor 
St Paul’s Gate 
22-24 New Street 
St. Helier 
Jersey JE1 4TR Channel Islands 
 
TRUSTEE 
DETERMINATION AGENT 
SWAP COUNTERPARTY 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
Apex Fund Services (Ireland) Limited  
2nd Floor, Block 5, Irish Life Centre  
Abbey Street Lower  
Dublin D01 P767 
Ireland 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
 
ISSUING AND PAYING AGENT 
REGISTRAR 
(for Uncertificated Registered 
Securities) 
CUSTODIAN 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
Computershare Investor Services 
(Jersey) Limited 
Queensway House 
Hilgrove Street 
St Helier 
Jersey JE1 1ES 
Deutsche Bank AG  
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
 
ARRANGER AND LEAD AUTHORISED PARTICIPANT 
Deutsche Bank AG  
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 D02 T380 
Ireland 
 
LEGAL ADVISORS TO THE ISSUERS AS TO JERSEY LAW 
Ogier (Jersey) LLP 
44 Esplanade 
St Helier 
Jersey JE4 9WG 
Channel Islands